user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,237930,32650392,Posted: 22 June,all,Shadgam™,"Ever just sit back and watch the clouds? Just relaxing and watching them go by not a care in the world? So simple and beautiful and as a bonus the clouds can become whatever you imagine. That’s the best way to describe Transistor simple, beautiful, and filled to the brim with imagination.+Pros+ArtstyleAbsolutely gorgeous. All the art is done is stunning detail in the futuristic sci-fi city of Cloud Bank. As for the enemies easily identifiable but with enough color variation to make sure you can react appropriately to them in a combat situation.+CustomizationQuite simple at first but turns into an absolutely complex blast that let’s the players imagine exactly how they want to play the game. As an explanation, you’ll have one weapon ,the Transistor, but many different abilities to play around with starting with something as simple as slamming your Transistor into an enemy and then eventually making your Transistor a black hole generator that can obliterate a dozen enemies at a time. The game also takes these abilities and gives the player full control of customizing in the form of passive abilities for your primary skills that you use in combat ,say turning a death beam into a splitting death beam that goes in 3 directions and can bounce off enemies. As well as passive abilities for just the character such as being able to pull objects from farther away and having more health. Overall, this gives the player tons of freedom in combat playstyle.+GameplayAgain, simple at first with running around in a locked arena, dodging your enemies, and using your abilities but quite early on the game introduces the unique mechanic of “turns”, which is basically pausing the game and deciding precisely which moves and abilities you want to use and then executing it in a speedy fashion allowing the player to do some absolutely ridiculous damage combos. However, the drawback of using a turn is that you can’t use any abilities (without special enhancements) until your turn has fully recharged so it’s important that you leave enough space between you and the enemies to make sure you don’t lose a ton of health when your turn is up. A simple but super fun mechanic that makes you feel like a god when you dodge a ton of projectiles then proceed to turn around and annihilate everyone.+SoundtrackPossibly Transistor’s strongest selling point this soundtrack is so simple and mesmerizing but also fits the mood of the game perfectly for when you’re taking in more information on the lore of the world or for when you’re fighting and take a “turn” and you hear the soothing voice of Red as you plan your next action.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-zA1jRmAYfU+StoryAs this game was made by the same people who made Bastion it can be quite unclear what the game is about during your first playthrough but there’s a ton of information on the lore of the world and it’s characters that can be unlocked simply by using abilities in different ways in combat and interacting with terminals to get the latest news on what’s happening in Cloud Bank. However, once you do understand the background of the story and the purpose of the main character ,Red, it turns into a beautiful and tragic story about love, envy, and greed. For a full explanation on the story check out this guide.https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=337587422-Cons-/+LengthVery short game (took me about 12 hours to complete the game  on NG+100%) as with the right build you can obliterate all enemies very quickly but thankfully there is New Game+ so replayability is present in the game.-RepititionFor combat, the game will lock you in a fixed area and until you defeat all the enemies that spawned you basically can't leave. This can get quite reptitive as you walk into an area, game locks you in, enemies spawn and then you kill them rinse and repeat for the whole game. However, because of the sheer amount of fun I had with the ""turn"" system and the abilities I never got bored.Final Verdict(9/10)An absolutely gorgeous masterpiece that leaves a lot of the fun to the player with speedy combos and a fantastic soundtrack to match. Worthy of buying at full price."
76561198028130184,Recommended,237930,10182924,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Falseboolean,"Just beat the first playthrough, and I have to say this game was totally up to my expectations.-Combat was different and tactical, yet enjoyable-Art Style was beautiful, especially on the cut-scenes-Story kept me glued to the screen-I took about 6 hours going through the first playthrough, that is with some time spend on the challenges-Totally looking forward to the Recursive Mode 2nd playthoughUpdate After Recursive mode playthrough and 100% Achievements-Combat still hasn't gotten old, I love how you can drastically change up how you play by just swaping some skills around-Art is still spot on-Enjoyed the story the second time even more, helped me notice little things I didn't pick up the first time-Limters were a cool concept-The later challenges were perfectly hard without being unfair-This game was totally worth $20-Definate buy if this game is on sale!!Couldn't have asked for more.I totally recommend Transistor!Thanks Supergiant for making a fantastic game."
,Recommended,237930,23910779,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,anusol,"I'm older than the rest of you yahoos.  Real life gets ... real.  Games don't catch you like they did as a kid.  Other worries vie for control of your mind even as you try to get away from them;  after they're dealt with the mental fatigue often prevents you from getting immersed in a game (or anything) like you did in yesteryear.For a year or so I've been eye-ing Transistor, trying to discern its worth.  It looked so flashy and neat, but experience has taught me that most such games nowadays have invested far too much in glitz and not enough in depth.  They're shallow and vapid, something you regret wasting your time on after an hour.  False promises and empty husks.   A time waster at best.Transistor  cut through all the old-age baggage and cobwebs-- all the accumulated life-experience that a younger me would just call cynicism-- and hit me in my gut.  Maybe my heart.    It sucked me in, keeping me up until 3 AM on workdays.There is genuine ART in this game.  I'm thoroughly impressed, and wish I had bought it before.  Thank you, Supergiant Games."
,Recommended,237930,17475402,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Murphy's Lawyer,"AT A GLANCE(Full review follows below)Game Name:TransistorOriginal Release:2014Genre Tags:RPG; Isometric; Atmospheric; Excellent Soundscape; Sci-FiMy Overall Grade:AEstimated Playtime (Campaign):7-14 hoursMultiplayer Aspect:NoneRecommended To:Established fans of the genre; Those intrigued by the genre; Aesthetes; Game atmosphere connoisseursREVIEWTransistoris a story-driven, linear experience that boasts a soulful blend of action-RPG and isometric hack-and-slash.  Beautiful graphics and the alluring, lullaby soundscape create a marvelously intriguing atmosphere that is sure to appeal to nearly any gamer.  The narrative is interesting, but doesn’t explain everything and leaves a lot of room for interpretation.  Together, these aspects create a very entertaining, albeit somewhat short, experience.Probably the first thing you will notice is how aesthetically pleasing this game is.  If you are someone who enjoys games with graphics that feel like interactive paintings, you will definitely enjoy the art-style inTransistor.  Complementing the beautiful art is the serenading, sing-song soundscape.  These elements are perfectly crafted and blended to create a truly inspired atmosphere.The game drops you right into the thick of the narrative, and things are slowly explained as you progress through the story.  However, the explanations of things are far from “spoon-fed,” and much of the story is open to interpretation.  The tale unfolds during gameplay for the most part, so things stay lively rather than there being many plot-development inspired lulls in the action.  Be aware that because of this style of narrative gameplay, the game is very linear and it will continue to usher you from one spot to the next with little room for exploration.The combat and actual gameplay mechanics are an interesting blend of RPG elements, isometric hack-and-slash, and turn-based tactical planning.  You will gain experience as you play and can unlock new abilities which can then be combined in various ways to keep things fresh as you progress through the game.  A dynamic difficulty system,Limiters, is another appealing aspect of the game.  Using these, you can increase the difficulty of the game in various ways (more enemies, stronger enemies, less access to abilities, etc.) which allows you to customize the gameplay to your skill level.One downside is that the game is rather short.  However, you also can’t even unlock everything in a single playthrough no matter how thorough you are— so the game is clearly designed to be played through at least twice.  That said, I personally would have much preferred if the game was twice as long with the ability to unlock everything in one playthrough.In short,Transistoris a very well designed game that certainly has a very unique identity.  This underlying novelty combined with the charming atmosphere provides a truly enthralling gameplay experience.  I would say any all-around gamer will enjoy this game, and obviously fans of the genre(s) even more so.  Expect 8 to 15 hours depending on if you want to do everything and play through a second time.Follow my curation page to see more of my recommendations!"
76561198042065849,Recommended,237930,12616653,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Dr. Fran,"""Hey, Red... we're not gonna get away with this, are we?"" -Mr. Nobody[Spoiler Free]It's time I've finally reviewed Transistor, you know... the game with the talking sword and the mute lady? Yeah that one. Let's begin:Aesthetics: 10/10Well as you can CLEARLY see from the screenshots and the given link above, Transistor is absolutely breathtaking. The game takes the cake for visual and musical extravagance, as both mix so perfectly well with one another, that it become evidently difficult to express in objective terms the splendor that it creates in the brain, how so very atmospheric this game is, it's more of an emotional virtue than one being explainable through words alone. People have been coining the term 'art', which by no means is an understatement, the aesthetics of the game, voice acting (haha three actors, funny), music and graphics are as I rarely say, perfect.Story/Characters: 9.50/10Rarely does the medium of gaming (especially in this day & age) employ such precocious writing and superb storytelling, Transistor applies to this small margin of games. A game that truly respects the intellect and free thinking of it's players, requires an intelligent producer, no? Supergiant deserves an excellent applause for their creative usage of the mechanic of replayability. To truly cherise the game's universe, one must complete the game several times to unlock all of the information that is present. A truly cherishable quality Transistor has, is it's two characters which create a sense of dread and unknowingness with each other. Their relations throughout the game serve to state implicit subjectations on the world around them, Red through her interactions on the OVC and the Transistor's commentary. A huge contrast to each other which creates a sense of accepting lack, one without a body and one without a voice.Mechanics/Gameplay: 8.75/10As an RPG game, Transistor holds a creative candle in the rat saturated tunnel that is the RPG industry. Of recent years, the well known RPG's of it's time have begun to show how dated their mechanics hold up in our era (yes you, Final Fantasy). This is why the liberty to experiment and employ new ideas is so vital in our industry today. Transistor is unique in which that profiles become the tools of the trade. Transistor can be played as a turnbased game or as a free action one, which by the way, both work very well in concurse with another. You have 13 functions (abilities) to use in your kit, yeah I know that's a small amount, but guess what? for every function you have, you get the ability to fuse with another, and for every fusion you have with another function, you get to fuse with another! So this means there are roughly 22,283,705,698,113 combinations of Transistor functions. (Transistor Wiki, Cited) That's a lot of unique ways to fight your enemies.Final Verdict: 9.50/10It's hard to see why in this day and age producers don't want to experiment with their products given that the industry would absolutely kill for it, but then again, since when do producers even listen to the demands of the consumers? Transistor is a beacon of hope in the dark hallway that is the gaming industry, and hopefully you can agree with me, that this game is something special."
,Recommended,237930,13683489,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,AuspexAO,"I feel like I need to set the record straight on Transistor. The biggest complaint I've heard about it is that the story is inscrutable and there isn't much of it. First of all, that is not true, but more importantly it just doesn't matter. Transistor is a masterpiece because you don't have to be a detective to enjoy the game. It is, at its very root, a simple love story. If you can appreciate that much and enjoy the beautiful art and incredible music, than you have a game well worth buying.Beyond that there is the mystery of Cloudbank to uncover, and the many philosophical questions to answer. We are taught to value the voices of each person and try to create a consensus that serves to make everyone happy. Transistor toys with the idea of a ""vote"" vs. a ""choice."" Transistor is not preaching any answers, and that's why I think the narrative may come off as weak. We have villains who could be heroes and a main character who reasonably and selfishly just wants to pursue her own life without getting embroiled in any political machinations.This is a supremely beautiful work of art and in so many ways that I will easily recommend it to everyone. Explore the world of Cloudbank for awhile and decide how much you want to discover. I promise that even a short trip will be a memorable one."
,Recommended,237930,32539395,Posted: 18 June,all,Reborka,"So beautiful it hurts.This game will get you right in the feels. The art is amazing, the soundtrack is great to listen to, and the gameplay is surprisingly addictive (you get several ""functions"" that have different abilities and you can mix and match them for different combinations). The story is interesting and the voice of the narrator is so soothing to listen to.Buy this. Seriously. You will NOT regret it."
,Recommended,237930,18241951,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Tom,"Transistor is a sci-fi themed RPG action game, developed and published by SuperGiant games (the same guys who brought us Bastion), releasing on PC in mid 2014, and then later in that year on PS4, and then got a further port to IOS in June of 2015.Game play in Transistor takes a lot of elements from Bastion. The camera angle is in an isometric point of view as you control the main character, Red. You traverse a series of locations fighting enemies, known as the ""Process"". A nice feature which has been added which is where Transistor differs from Bastion, is that you can either fight in real time, or in a planning phase. The real time plays very similar to how any isometric action game would play out, however the planning phase really adds an element of strategy to this title; you have a limited number of commands you can carry out before needing to recharge, these commands include moving around the scene and casting your various spells and abilities.As you progress through the story, you will come across other characters who have fallen victim to the Process, and you will take over their souls and learn new abilities and powers. You can either use these new abilities as straight up spells/attacks to use, or you can also enhance your current spells/attacks with the new abilities, granting unique effects, such as adding an area of effect technique on an ability. You can also have up to 2 of these abilities being used as a passive effect on Red, so are in effect all the time.Transistor is a stunningly gorgeous game. The art style on show here are some of the most perfect graphics I have seen. This game should be one of the front runners for people trying to get the media to understand that video games should be classed as a form of art.The story in this game almost had me tearing up at the end, it is one of the most heart wrenching endings to a game I have ever played. Along the way you come across a series of plot twists, and at one point you even think the  story is ending only for it to take a dramatic turn and continue. Words cannot fathom how gut wrenching I felt at the end, I encourage anyone who has already got Transistor, to play it and finish it just to experience the final scenes.Much like Bastion, the audio is one of, if not the best feature of this game. The narration whilst not as good as Bastion's (because that was pretty much perfect), it still sets the mood of the game, and carries the plot through to conclusion extremely well. There isn't much voice acting in the game, actually Red doesn't speak at all, until the end of the game. The sound track to Transistor has been released individually, has sold phenomenally well. Some of the songs actually remind me a lot of a sort of James Bond movie soundtrack.I have to admit, the lack of a tutorial in Transistor does knock it back a little bit, but once you actually are able to work out what all of the interface means, and how to properly carry out the fight scenes, the gameplay becomes second nature and you are able to blast through hoards of enemies without batting an eye lid. The end boss is something of a sufficient challenge as well, resulting in me having to replay it at least four times before I was able to succeed in beating it.  Another nice feature to be seen is, that you can actually implement your own difficulty barriers in game, such as allowing enemies to do more damage to you, BUT you get some sort of reward in return, such as more experience.  You are able to chop and change these ""barriers"" as and when you please in the same way you can with your spells abilities.Transistors levels are all extremely well fleshed out, allowing you every opportunity to venture off the main track and down alleyways and into buildings with no real specific plot line to it, letting you explore the gorgeous world this game is set in. You are also able to use terminal computers scattered around the world, allowing you to dig deeper into the lore, and some times interacting with them to complete surveys and sign petitions should you desire to.A full playthrough of Transistor will take you just under eight hours. This is one of the few games that I can say I have finished more than once, just because of how good it is. There isn't any side missions in the game, but they aren't needed, just because you will be so immersed in the main story that you wouldn't want to do them anyway. Even though the ending of the game is the same regardless of the route you take to get there, the gameplay is such a high quality, that the replay ability is still there, because you will just want to experience the sheer fun you have whilst playing.Sadly I did have a couple of issues getting Transistor to run properly; firstly the game does not support anything higher than 1080 resolutions, whilst this isn't a massive issue given that 1080 is still the standard, it would of still been nice to see it in there. Secondly, I had to delve into the registry of my PC to fix and issue with the game also not loading into full screen mode correctly - if you run into this issue, the fix can be found in this thread on the Steam forums.http://steamcommunity.com/app/237930/discussions/1/540743128801543513/Transistor is another absolutely stellar game by SuperGiant Games that everyone needs to play; some of the game's original ideas, the graphics and soundtrack are some of the best I have ever played in my fifteen years of gaming. Lord knows what else these guys have in the pipeline, it can only be amazing given their track record. For the low price of £14,99, you need to pick this game up. It has been known to go as low as £3 on Steam, which is I would almost class as day light robbery if you can get it for that price. Do not hesitate to pick this game up for the full price.Tom's Score Card1) Stay away2) Only recommended when on sale3) Recommended4) Highly recommended5) This is a must playIf you found this review helpful, please consider giving it a thumbs up. You can also find more reviews over athttp://www.completingthebackloggroup.com/http://store.steampowered.com/app/237930"
,Recommended,237930,10183043,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Devi,"First impression: fantastic sound and art direction, just as expected. Seriously, if you decide to buy this (and you probably should), make sure to crank up your volume, put on your best headset and maybe slap some glue on its speakers so you can never take 'em off again. Trust me, you're not gonna want to.So what do we have here? Let me just sum things up:- Logan Cunningham: check. The voice behind Rucks from Bastion is back, do I need to say more?- Story-telling through narration: check. This is done in almost the same manner as before, with one minor difference I won't mention for those who'd rather find out on their own.- Gorgeous, vibrant artwork byJen Zee: check, check and check. Jen is one of my favorite artists and she no doubt has outdone herself yet again.- Breathtaking musical score: no comment. If you're still not sold by words alone, check out the soundtrack onYouTubeand draw your own conclusions.What's different from Bastion?- Combat mechanics: confusing at first as you'd probably be expecting action-packed hack n' slash, but in the end it boils down to being a curious hybrid of Frozen Synapse's tactical gameplay and some of Bastion's core mechanics, all mashed together into something I find difficult to describe. Personally, it also reminds me of The Bureau's ""Battle Focus"", just minus all the slo-mo. Powers and combos are there: as before in Bastion, you'll probably spend some time looking for a perfect skill combination to cater your own playstyle, which is a fun experience in its own right as there are quite a few options to pick from.-Game length: I finished it in under 7 hours with most of the challenges completed. While it IS a lot shorter than Bastion, you still get access to New Game+ upon completion so you can blast your way through it again. I still find game's length disappointing however, so if you're really concerned about that, I'd strongly advise you to wait for sale.In general, Transistor is still as charming, well-paced and beautiful as its predecessor: you can absolutely tell they're both cut from the same cloth. But, while Bastion was somewhat more experimental in terms of narration, Transistor takes a bold step forward and puts even more information at your disposal than before. Which is probably a good thing. That is, if you like reading. Well, you've come this far, so I'll just assume you do.Issues I ran into so far:- My only and the main gripe with this game: abnormal, seemingly random freezing. I'm not talking ""locking up at checkpoint saves"" kind of freezes, either. I had to ctrl+alt+del at least 6 times due to it completely freezing up on me, ""hl2.exe has stopped working""-style, with looping sound and everything. AFAIK this is a common problem at the moment of writing, so you've been warned.P.S. Hold TAB while you're in game. Don't ask, just do it. :)"
,Recommended,237930,18994638,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Rookie Friendly,"If I had only the graphic effects of Transistor, it would have been enough.If I had only the combating system, it would have been enough.If I had only the extrodinary music by Darren Kurb & Ashley, it would have been enough.If I had only Red, it would have been enough.But, I have that narrator.""It's true. You know? It's true""""I love you."""
,Recommended,237930,23660435,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,LO-Fi Merc,I literally cried when I beat this game.What can I say about this game that every other review hasn't already?The combat system is amazing and the storyline is as beautiful as the art style.I seriously recommend this game to anyone who likes games.
,Recommended,237930,12727783,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Flat Chest Hunter,This game is short.Real short. I finish this game in about 5 hoursBut those 5 hours really worth the damn money!The Music or Soundtrack or whatever is just Amazing!!The Graphic in this game is kinda artistic. looks different and originalCombat system is superb. you can plan your attack rather than charging ahead!!!The story is so f*cking good i had a great time with this game storyline and it's really something.Word of warning though this game made me had a Great F**king existential crisis
76561198041931823,Recommended,237930,12451408,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,akasharose,"Transistor made me cry.Not okay.At all.The game may start slow, but as soon as you hit the first boss... boom- I couldn't stop. This game was so beautiful and entrancing that I played through twice, with 9 limiters my second run: it's the first steam game I've gotten every achievement for. The story is tragic and twists to dark areas I didn't know that the game could even consider twisting. The bosses are all interesting and fun to fight, though the first two become rather simple once you get their strategy down.Buy the game, play it, listen to the soundtrack, find all the news broadcast stations, and experience some major feels.9.5/10"
,Recommended,237930,16938625,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Furiseto,"+ Good gameplay.+ Beautiful story.+ Great soundtrack.+ Pretty graphic.Like everyone else, I cried at the ending...9.5/10"
,Recommended,237930,23828639,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,PizzaDeliveryTerrorist,"This is not a game, this is art."
,Recommended,237930,10197994,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,go౦ԁ sHit 👌💪🔥💯💯,A fantastic humming simulator with an action/rpg minigame.
76561197981870209,Recommended,237930,10180166,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Donorob,"45 Minutes in, looks and feels like Bastion. Visuals are stunning, narration is one of a kind.  Great hack and slash, mouse controls are similar to Diablo 3, fighting style is like Fallout series, you can go Vats style or free hand it.  Game so far well worth the price.6 Hours in and it is beaten. All and all well worth the money. I did a full play through. As bastion there is a re play option at the end of the game were you can start over and keep your level and items etc.. I give it 7 / 10 i cant wait for DLC"
,Recommended,237930,14192033,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Mikadoh ONE PUNCH GRILL,"Played it. Cried. Played it again. Cried again.Story: You're Red, a woman who lost her voice. She gets a powerfull weapon after nearly being killed by it. You'll fight to found out who were these people trying to kill you and what this weapon is for.I'd like to tell more but I'm afraid to spoil so I won't :<Music: The ost is just beautiful. Like I can't even describe it. It adds so much..  to the game. There's about 4 songs with Red's voice and I literally love all of them.Graphics: You can judge them by the trailer I suppose, It's very colourful, detailled, pretty, awesome etc. Hnnnghhhhnnh.Gameplay: You basically enter a fight, have the time to think about what skills you're going to use and how, you need some strategy. You have 16 different skills, you can use them on an active/passive or upgrade slot  which means you can do a lot of fun and interesting combos, and have your own playstyle!Overall: I just got a crush on this game AND DAMN THAT END HOLY **** I really didn't expect it, so much feels fiuezgfugzfuiezuifgzugfzigfiz.Just. Play it.<3"
,Recommended,237930,13812615,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,noibn,"I am a huge fan of Supergiant Games' previous game, Bastion. Topping that game was a tall order, but I think they've managed to equal, if not better it, with Transistor... though I guess that depends on your personal tastes. First of all, if you have not yet played Bastion, I implore you to do so. If you have played it, and liked it, then I can definitely recommend checking out Transistor. Both games share some common fundamental elements: isometric action gameplay, a set of diverse weapons, amazing music and visuals, and stories moved forward by in-game voiceover. In the case of Bastion, the voiceover was provided by a narrator. In Transistor, the voice is that of the soul of a ""dead"" man within the main character's weapon (the Transistor). The other main difference is in the way combat is handled. While combat in Bastion plays out in real time, in Transistor you can pause the action at will (on a cooldown) and plan out a set of actions (or ""functions"" as they are called in game) that will play out in rapid sequence. So essentially, Transistor is more of a strategy game.The game takes place in a city called Cloudbank. You play as Red, a singer that's lost her voice after an attack by an organization called the Camerata. Red wields the Transistor, an object that can absorb the essence of people, who in turn, become ""functions"" that can be assigned to your combat loadout. The gameplay loop consists of clearing out groups of enemies, collecting new functions for the transistor, and then combining those functions in all sorts of different ways. There are 16 functions, each of which can be used in one of 3 ways: as a primary action, as an upgrade effect for a primary action, or as a passive effect for your overall loadout. With 4 passive slots, 4 action slots, and 8 upgrade slots available to assign your functions, you can imagine how many different possible combinations there are to experiment with. And man, is it ever fun. There's plenty of room for experimentation to find what works best for your play-style. It's a brilliant combat system. The only negative I would say about it is that it's a bit confusing to figure out at first, as the game offers little in the way of explanation. It doesn't take all that long to get your head wrapped around how things work, but the early going might be a bit confusing.Visually, the game is just absolutely stunning. The environments are so gorgeous that I would eat them up if I could. The story is somewhat inscrutable (which I've heard brought up by people as a negative on the game), but there is plenty of information available within the game to flesh things out if you put in the attention and effort required. But ultimately, I never felt any of that really mattered too much. At its heart, the main plot is simply a love story, and that's all that really matters in the end. The other highlight of the game for me was the music. As with Bastion, music has a huge impact on the game experience. The music is consistently outstanding throughout, perfectly setting the mood for each area you traverse. There are also a few vocal tracks spread throughout, which are particularly good, especially the ending song, which was the high point of the game for me.I guess my only disappointment with the game is that there just isn't more of it. The story can be completed in around 6-8 hours I would estimate. After that, the game allows you to ""recurse"" through the story again indefinitely, while keeping all of the upgrades you've acquired, and making the enemy encounters harder each time. This is nice, and worth playing through at least once, but really, there's only so much you can go through the same few areas and watch the same cutscenes, etc, no matter how much you enjoy the gameplay and visuals. But what is there is excellent and worth the asking price. So in summary, if you liked Bastion and the turn-planning combat of Transistor sounds interesting to you, definitely give this a look. Or just give it a look anyways. Games like this just don't come around every day, and need to be experienced. I can't wait to see what Supergiant does next..."
,Recommended,237930,32624119,Posted: 21 June,all,JazZ ♭♫,+ Wonderful story+ Deep gamplay mechanics+ Great soundtrack+ Amazing graphicsLoved the whole game throughout my playthrough9.5/10
,Recommended,237930,24332500,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Kaji Kaldaka™,I didn't get the hype.I played the game.I got the hype.Simple.
,Recommended,237930,13976900,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,"Ecrapsnud, Jr.",I would pay to see a live performance by Red.
,Not Recommended,237930,13843311,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,puzzlefox,"I know, negative reviews on overwhelmingly recommended games won't win me any popularity points, but hear me out.It breaks my heart to not recommend this. I had really high hopes due to how amazing Bastion was, and I went into this knowing that it is nothing like Bastion, so my dissapointment doesn't stem from that. Let me start off by saying that the combat customization is pretty neat, the art is nice, and the music is really nice.- The story just isn't that good. Futuristic world is being destroyed by virus-type-invaders and your sword/companion is the key to beating it. The ending is very predictable and there isn't much character development at all. There is such little story that I can't even expand on that without spoilers because of how little story there actually is.- The atmosphere is pretty but has very little variation. I got really tired of seeing the same grey blocks over and over.- The enemies have very little variation. You have turrets that buff/heal, fast dogs, floating objects that shoot beams at you, a mortar, am aoe tank, and guys that spawn suicide bombers. Not much else, the listed enemies all look exactly the same throughout the game; the only difference being small buffs as you progress. There are three bosses, each more forgettable than the last.- The combat is very tedious, and because (as above mentioned) the enemies lack variation, every fight feels the same. There are some great ways to customize your skills and buffs, but everything just feels the same. Since your last shred of action bar can perform skills that would normally take a huge chunk of action bar, every turn you take is just skill stacking just the right way so you can get the big one in at the end for free. It just feels exploity.- The backdoor area (a special zone where you can access challenges): probably my least favorite thing about this game. The trials are all (save for one) time consuming, tedious and pretty pointless. I did all the trials with very little to show for it other than maybe a level and a half and music tracks unlocked, which as far as I can tell, can only be listened to in the backdoor area.. A place that quickly becomes chore zone. Every time I finished trials, I was more than ready to leave.- No replayability. There just isn't. Restarting with all your skills would be nice if the skills weren't so bland. It's just doing the exact same thing over and over again a second time.-The game is incredibly short. I have 7.7 hours logged and I even took my time. I explored thoroughly and didn't move between areas until I knew that I had explored the whole area. I read all the dialogue and accessed/read/listened to/replied to all the terminals and still only got 7.7 hours out of it with no interest in or reason to begin ng+.- One of the things that irritated me the most is this game has an amazing soundtrack.... but it is hardly utilized in the game. When your in combat, you spend most of your time in a pause-type attack planning phase.. during that phase, the music is replaced by the same humming.. so you spend a lot of time listening to that one track that is her humming the same tune over and over. When you're running around/exploring, the sword is talking the whole time (not a bad thing) and you cannot hear the music at all.The game was probably overhyped to me, which is probably why I feel as dissapointed as I do. If you love SuperGiant and love hearing Logan's voice (like me) I'd recommend getting it on sale. Otherwise, you might be dissapointed."
,Recommended,237930,10248251,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Zephyr,"Transistor is a brilliant 2D sci-fi action-indie RPG, brought to us by Supergiant games – as most of us know, are the creators of Bastion. While Transistor doesn’t exactly play like Bastion, I’ve still enjoyed my time with it. The hand-drawn visuals are fantastic and oozes style. Darren Korb composed the soundtrack and it's a delightful treat for the ears.The gameplay is fun & unique. The player takes control of Red (the main female protagonist), who has the ability to freeze time and plan out attacks – which is called a ""Turn()"". A well-played ""Turn()"" can be rewarding and its especially satisfying watching your attacks play out In motion.I know we’re all going to make this comparison, but Transistor plays more like an RPG than Bastion. You level up, gain new skills and can customize them to your liking. Fans of Bastion and newcomers who are unfamiliar with Supergiant games will without a doubt have a blast playing Transistor. I highly recommend this game!"
,Recommended,237930,12696631,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,BlackSquid,"Hell, It's worth it just for the music!Fans of Bastion should find themselves at home here. Although the game is a little short (but also cheap!), it is incredibly fun.Honestly, I bought this game primarily for the soundtrack, and the game was just an awesome extra for me."
,Recommended,237930,12698007,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Kalil,"There is a legitimate argument to be made that Transistor is too short for its price.  I beat it in about 11 hours, although I'm only about halfway through with Achieves.  I think this is a bit of a silly metric, though.  The more key question to me is ""was it a good experience?""  I would say ""absolutely"".Transistor is a deeply beautiful and atmospheric game, with a bittersweet story told through powerful narration and themes.  It also effectively uses game mechanics to pull you 'into' the story and world.  It has a 'hum' button.  There are several scenes where the controls and gameplay shift to make the player 'feel' the scenes.  It is one of the best examples I've played of a game avoiding ludnarrative dissonance and in fact using gameplay as a narrative aid.Transistor left me with that same feeling of satisfaction I get after finishing a good book.  I like that feeling.  I liked Transistor.  Definitely recommended."
,Recommended,237930,11185448,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,MrNinjaSquirrel,"For all their hundred-million dollar budgets and hundreds strong development teams, it feels as if indie games have all but entirely eclipsed those of AAA developers. Transistor stands at the precipice of this phenomenon, an unprecedented achievement in artistic vision and game design that I hesitate to review for fear of not doing it justice. Supergiant Games, creators of the outstanding Bastion, have not been resting on their laurels, returning after three years with an experience that has completely toppled any expectations I previously had for it, leaving me stunned and in awe at the scope of their vision and the skill in which they execute it. Transistor is, simply put, a masterpiece.Transistor isn’t the story of a falling city; of the rebel group, Camerata, letting loose a viscous process to annihilate the city of Cloudbank to be rebuilt to their designs. It’s not the story of the many characters filling its voluminous backstory, fleshing out a fascinating futuristic dreamscape that is so similar yet different to our own world. No, it is the story of two people, or more accurately the relationship between a girl and her sword. The dynamic between Red, a singer who has had her voice stolen, and the Transistor, a talking sword now housing the soul of a deadman, is what drives the narrative. Despite Red’s inability to talk, the Transistor’s dialog creates a tangible connection between the two; an emotional tie that makes the continued suffering of Red, and the guilt expressed by the Transistor (who somehow feels responsible for what happened to Red), incredibly real and heartbreaking.It would be too easy to write Transistor off as using its many narrative tricks to hide the fact that its plot is fairly straightforward, because it’s not about what happens throughout the story, but the relationship between its two leads that makes it so compelling. All too often games will try to force characters to depend on each other, whether through arbitrary mechanics or cliched victim roles, but Transistor sidesteps this issue by having the two characters literally rely on each other to survive. They need each other, and its for this that the narrative manages to create such an effective emotional connection with these characters; similarly causing you to despise those that have put them through so much distress. As simple as it may sound, the nuance of every line and its delivery is no small feat, and a true testament to the writers and voice actors behind them.I could go on at end for how emotionally invested I became in the characters of Transistor, but it’s the finesse of its gameplay that truly astounded me. Aside from some mild exploration, the experience is entirely focused around its incredibly deep and rewarding combat system, which seems outwardly inaccessible but is shockingly intuitive once you get your hands on it.Combat can be broken down most easily into two phases: real time and the planning stage. During the former, you can use any of your abilities at will, but enemies in turn can also move and attack, which becomes an issue with the long build up required for most attacks. This is when you transition to the second phase, which then turns the game into a sort of strategy RPG, freezing time and allowing you to plan out your moves (which will then be executed near instantly when you leave the phase) with the only restraint being the action bar which is used up with each move you make. It's not an entirely unique formula, but Supergiant Games has carved out an incredibly fine tuned and complex niche for itself, with the sheer number of different ways you can approach an encounter.Every action you make is the result of a function you have slotted in, which in turn can then have additional functions slotted on top of themselves, as well as passive functions which give you boosts outside of individual moves. However, none of these are separated into classes or otherwise excluded from being assigned a specific role with the rest of your abilities. This creates an incredible amount of options for you to experiment with, with each function you unlock having three unique abilities onto itself (if not more when combined with other functions), and new functions being added regularly as you progress and level up.Supergiant has also found a brilliant incentive to getting players to try out new combinations they might otherwise never use, by tying every bit of backstory to a specific function, which then needs to be used in all three slots (technique, enhancement, and passive) in order to unlock all of a character's biography. It’s a fantastic way to almost entirely fix a common problem of getting stuck in a routine of the using the same abilities the entire game, and had me constantly swapping different functions in which kept the combat fresh the entire game (even after having beaten it I haven’t used every combination there is, creating a ton of replay value on top of the already included new game plus mode).Bastion was an undeniable artistic treat, but in comparison to Transistor it might as well be a rough prototype of a game. The art design of every single frame is unbelievably gorgeous, from amazing architecture and environmental designs, to characters and even the subtle yet beautiful sparks that spring forth from Red dragging the Transistor around. The dark color palette matches the somber mood of the narrative, but it does so without bringing you down with it, leaving enough brightness and pure beauty despite the events happening around you to make you feel like you’re on a vacation to a fantastical city in the sky. Darren Korb once again returns to deliver a soundtrack that surpasses what I even thought he was capable, with a layered and elaborate score that still feels as raw and personal as he's known for.Transistor left me floored. What Supergiant Games has accomplished is hard to properly put into words, as even with all I’ve said I can’t help but think I’ve barely scratched the surface of the praise I wish to heap upon the game. It’s vision is remarkable, stunningly consistent and inspired in every aspect, achieving a level of excellence that exceeded my already high expectations. It’s undoubtedly one of the best games I’ve played this, or possibly any year, and is an experience that cannot be overstated or should in any way be passed up.Brilliant; utterly and unbelievably brilliant!You can read more of my writing onKritiqal."
,Recommended,237930,14335043,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,ErBaut,The gameplay is awesomeThe music is beatifulThe artwork is incredibleThe story is greatSo....why are you not playing this game right now?
76561198064623007,Recommended,237930,29504042,Posted: 26 January,all,FeaR_TH3_Reap3R,"Just because people have better things to do, let me be specific:1. Great story2. Great characters3. Highly customizable, strategic gameplay4. Impressive art design5. 4 hours to beat, 9 hours to 100%8/10"
,Recommended,237930,35092212,Posted: 20 September,all,Leeka,One masterpiece of a game. Has only one downside - it's short. You just aren't ready to part with it.
76561198070745657,Recommended,237930,23951654,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,czernuski,"Wouldn't say I am much into ARPG, but. This. Game. I. Swear.The storyline and the characters are extremely good, the visuals are superb, and the music and voice acting - definitely one of the best I've ever heard, very charming and catchy. 10/10, I am now officially a member of the sect, yay."
,Recommended,237930,22907894,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Milcure,"Transistor is one of those rare, beautiful indie gem of an ARPG that every gamer should have played, even at least once. The game is developed by the people behind Bastion, but the 2 games have very few similarities, it's hard to compare them. Every aspect of Transistor is flawless, for now, no cons come to my mind. But I will try to review what I can.Pros:Stunning sci-fi cyberpunk art style and settingAmazing voice actingWonderful, atmospheric soundtrack, one of the best I've heard in an indie game (purchasing the OST isvery muchworth it)Interesting and creative character designs (I can't go into detail here, might spoil it)All the things I have mentioned above go together so well to create the rich, detailed world of CloudbankInnovative combat: you can switch from hack-n'-slash mode to a strategic, turn-based one, and you should still plan your moves very wellGame has a way of letting you figure out the story and lore on your own: if you skip any OVCs, you'll barely have an idea of what's going on, and you'll lessen the great experience(Trying to avoid spoilers as much as I can here)The story is memorable, and leaves you at some moments in suspense, and other moments just thinking about what just happened - it is unique and far from those 'good vs evil' cliché RPG plotsLots of ways to customize your character build as well: you can combine up to 3 moves or 'Functions' and test how they work, you can add 'Limiters' that increase the challenge lvl but yield more rewards, etcGame is also strategic in a way that you should plan your battles wellCons:Game is linear and does not have too much room for explorationThe story can be too short, and even vague for some peopleOverall Rating:9/10 - Transistor is more of anexperienceto me, than a game."
,Recommended,237930,16760853,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,icaroferracini,"First of all: thank you SuperGiant Games, the game is another masterpiece.You play as Red, a popular singer in the Couldbank city, but for some reason one group called Camerata are hunting some influential people, and they try to get you. After that, it is up to you to find out what is going on and why they are doing it.The gameplay is great and it has a interesting and innovator turn-based combat system. In the combat you can try combine different weapons to test the best combination that works for you, but the game has a nice way to present some new combinations and help you to test every weapon available.The art, game design and the music is awesome. It will mesmerize you in every single moment of the game. I don't have word to describe, it is just beautiful.I'm in love with this game and I truly recommend it: great story, beautiful art design, incredible music and nice combat system."
,Recommended,237930,28929606,Posted: 1 January,all,ＲＥＯＮＡＲＤ,"TronmeetsKill BillWhat do I have to say aboutTransistor?First of all,wow.I wasn't sure it was possible for Supergiant to topBastion,but as it turns out, they could. What does Transistor actully have to offer? First of all, one of the most unique and challenging gaming experiences I have ever had. The combat system revolves around what the game calls a Turn() sequence--and yes, the partentheses are part of the word. Turn() allows you to freeze time and plan out your every move, but your enemies, a horde of machine-like entities known collectively as the Process, have ways of confounding you. A great deal of critical thinking goes into making your Turn() as effective as possible, especially considering that you get a fixed number of moves depending on the Functions (think spells, but with a cyberpunk twist) you employ.Next are the sensory experiences. Darren, Ashley, and Logan outdid themselves yet again.Transistorhas a larger--and just as well-performed--voice cast thanBastion,the sound design is flawless, and if you loved theBastionOST, you'll love the music inTransistoras well. The voice actors especially have my approval, particularly Logan Cunningham, the voice of the Transistor, who you may or may not know as Rucks (Bastion), Horatio Nullbuilt (Primordia) and the Archjustice (Pyre,the next Supergiant game). What about visuals? I've heard of eye candy, butTransistoris eyecrack.Supergiant continues to appeal to my surreal sensibilities. Every environment is unique and beautiful, make sure to have a look around before moving on from each area.Finally, there is the story. Don't go in expecting a repeat ofBastion.WhereBastionwas about repentance, redemption, and rebuilding,Transistoris more about loss, futility, and good intentions gone wrong. You play as Red, a former singer, who loses her voice as well as her lover after an attempt made on her life by the shadowy Camerata society. Lucky for Red, her unnamed lover sacrifced himself to save her life, but as a result his consciousness gets uploaded and trapped inside the Transistor. Wielding her sentient cybernetic greatsword, she sets out to track down the people who tried to kill her, and while she does that, she must find a way to stop the now-mindless Process from reducing the city of Cloudbank to its basest, most desolate form.I really enjoyed playingTransistor.While at times it made me exceptionally frustratedheads up, you can lose your Functions if you run out of health, and the bosses and Process get steadily more difficult,  the story, visuals, and sheer challenge it offered kept me hooked for hours at a time. I look forward to the many times I will play back through it. Worth every penny I payed for it.The only turn-off I see is that the story is very vague and complicated, even more so thanBastion. You may have to watch a couple of videos or read a guide before you get it. As soon as you do, though, I believe you will better appreciate it within the context of your knowledge. Personally, I love when a story (be it game, book, or movie) doesn't explain everything to you. When you think about it more, you get drawn into the world, and your intimacy with the story grows.Like my review? Check out myCuratorpage!"
,Recommended,237930,12458601,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,ForklifterMatt,"""Short but Sweet"" Review... TransistorPros-+Beautiful art style+Phenomenal music and sound design+Masterfully integrated lore+Exhilarating and deep combat+Great writing+Great world design+Enthralling narrative+Amazing ""back-door"" area to relaxCons--Illusion of choice-Some characters were over-the-top and underdevelopedFinal Thoughts:Transistor is an audiovisual masterpiece and is a joy to play! It's enthralling narrative and exhilarating combat make this a near perfect game! It will most probably win multiple GOTY awards and will be remembered for years to come!"
76561198026705042,Recommended,237930,17762320,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,𝓝𝓪𝓪𝓻𝓲𝓼,"http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=601175376Well, it's impossible to say anything negative about this game.Well yeah, only ONE thing...¡¡¡It's over!!!Story: 9/10 It really absorbs you and comes to an end really epic.Music: 10/10 Well, the game IS music, Red (you) is a singer and all the levels has their own background music which Red can sing with.Graphics: 9/10 Colors are very important, warm, cold... each level makes you feel.Game: Very cool, once you adapt to it and you can play of very different ways.Recommended? No doubt.----------------Bueno, es imposible decir nada negativo de este juego.Bueno, sí , sólo una cosa ...¡¡¡Se acabó!!!Historia: 9/10 Realmente te absorbe y llega a un final realmente épico.Música: 10/10 Pues el juego ES música, Red (tu) es una cantante y todos los niveles tienen música propia con la que Red puede cantar.Gráficos: 9/10 Los colores son muy importantes , cálidos , fríos ... cada nivel te hace sentir.Juego: muy fresco , una vez que te adaptas a él y se puede jugar de maneras muy diferentes.Recomendado ? No hay duda."
,Recommended,237930,14156166,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,JCRonin,"Transistor is a sci-fi action rpg from Indie studio Supergiant Games (The makers of Bastion).You play as Red, a famous singer from the city of Cloudbank. An incident occurs that leads you down a path of no return. In the process, you receive the mysterious weapon known as the Transistor and the powers that come along with it.Gameplay consists of real time combat mixed with an optional turn-based system. At anytime during normal combat, you can pause the game to plan and queue up attacks. This proves immensely helpful when you face large numbers of enemies at once.As you progress through the game, the Transistor gains new powers. These can be used in either active (attack), support (supplement attack), or passive modes. The level to which you can customise powers to complement your playstyle is one of the highlights of the game.The visuals of the game are another strong point. The artstyle is stunning. Great use of colours and imaginative design bring out the vibrancy and beauty of Cloudbank. This is a city you'd want to save.Voice acting and music is stellar. The soundtrack is atmospheric and easy on the ears, while the voice acting is filled with character.The plot can be ambiguous but if you pay attention it makes sense by the end of the game.The only downside is that a single playthrough lasts 6 hours or so. Some may find the $20 sgd pricepoint too high for that length, although there is a new game plus option that provides some replayability.tldr: A polished, unique Indie action rpg albeit a little short. Highly Recommended"
,Recommended,237930,10224552,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Keavon,"Like its predecessor Bastion, Transistor is a truly marvelous and outstanding title that everyone must play to completion. Transistor boasts a lively, beautiful, hand-painted world filled to the brim with thick atmosphere that harmonizes perfectly with Darren Korb's spectacular soundtrack and Logan Cunningham's once again superb voice acting. All this combines with a deep, sweet, and brilliant story, unique and entertaining gameplay, and overall excellence, rendering Supergiant's newest title a true masterpiece. 10/10"
,Recommended,237930,26799433,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Speciaw Agent Dale Coopewr uwu,i cry just thinking about transistor
76561198004351844,Recommended,237930,13957043,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Ringtail Renegade,hey bastion was pretty damn good there's no way they could make it bett-oh wait hi transistor
,Recommended,237930,13142504,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Jive Soul Bone,"So you've read the reviews praisingTransistorfor its amazing scenery, the detailed hand-drawn sprites, the phenomenal soundtrack and maybe even read a thing or two about the gameplay which included words such as ""time stop turn-based abilities"" or ""active and passive weapon functions"" and you're left wondering...Is it accessible?Beauty being in the eye of the beholder and all, can the layperson appreciate the final product?Answer: maybe not, but don't let that stop you from trying. New experiences build character and goddamn isTransistora new experience. It's just thatTransistoris a game where the protagonist gains experience faster than the player behind the screen. Consider the following: you earn ""functions"" which can be used either in your weapon slot or as a passive buff to a function already in use, adding its properties to the active weapon. That's the active and the passive system! THAT'S HUGE! Do you realize how with four weapon slots (your four face buttons) and five functions, you already have twenty different configurations? Well hold on to your hats because there's a whole lot more than just five functions to play with. Try sixteen. Add to this secondary passive slots for player buffs, extra upgrade slots for weapons and a memory cost per function to manage and that's a lot to take in!There's more. The whole time-skip ability pauses the game and allows you to plan out multiple actions in advance, at the cost of a cooloff period wherein no function can be activated. It's something that can certainly bite you in the♥♥♥♥♥if abused, so you want to hold on to it like a panic button. Or spam it constantly what with the correct build and enemies. Really, you don't know and the game doesn't provide you with much opportunities for experimentation. Enemy encounters are fixed and unique in nature; and although the game provides you with a Practice Mode, it's more target practice than battle practice.Transistor's greatest flaw resides in its extraordinarily linear story mode. There are no collectables or side quests, so if the story mode has a reputation for being short, that's only because there aren't any branching paths anywhere. There's nothing to look out for, all unlockables are gained by leveling up and earning XP is done exclusively by defeating enemies. Whom do not respawn and appear at fixed intervals. So your whole adventure feels like riding a conveyor belt: move to enemy encounter, defeat enemies, save at conveniently nearby terminal, repeat with the occasional story break.Although we commonly hate repetition, human beings learn by doing the same thing over and over again. AddingTHE OPTIONto redo a segment would be welcome and giving players a minor incentive to do so would go a long way in getting them acclimated to the active/passive system. There's no lack of technical info as the configuration screen offers you all of the hard numbers for your functions, but you want practicein additionto theory.Bastionprovided ""dreams"" which were just waves after waves of monsters to defeat for extra shards. Practice Mode offers no such incentives and the targets don't fight back. For all of their efforts at writing a story, it seems as if the developers have forgotten to build a playground.Thus I'll make my final verdict as simple as possible: buyBastionfirst. That's a good game regardless of your sense of aesthetics (review available here). If you've enjoyedBastion's stylistic direction, considerTransistor. Despite the change in setting, you'll recognize much of the artistic sensitivities that are the hallmark ofSupergiant Games. Otherwise, you probably won't have the patience to appreciateTransistor. Regardless, you have to recognize the ambitiousness of what's ultimately a very simple concept at heart: make every weapon also act as a power-up. You can't fault that, and you want other game developers to crib the idea. So buy the game and encourage simple ideas that are complex in execution. We'll get more practice out from the other games."
,Recommended,237930,24096264,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Graham Crackers,"Short version:I had a lot of fun playing Transistor. It's one of those few games that manages to be respectable from both a technical and artistic perspective. While the presentation is nothing short of stunning, one of Transistor's greatest gameplay strengths is that it greatly encourages taking your time and setting up fights. Customization of (and interactions between) abilities and attacks is a key feature here.Even outside of the combat system, each aspect of the game complements another to make for a complete, cohesive narritive that accomplishes exactly what it sets out to do. For example, experimenting with new moves or tactics might reward you with some interesting flavor text or background information on key characters. While not particularly new to the industry on their own, a lot of obvious features combine like puzzle pieces to make Transistor feel like a truely unique experince. My only significant complaint is a few jarring difficulty spikes and drops, but they didn't get in the way too much.All in all, I would totally recommend the game to anyone interested.Less-short version:Transistor is a story-driven isometric ARPG from the makers of Bastion, which it has a fair share in common with. In my opinion, It's definetly a solid title. First of all, It throws you right into the action when you start it up. There's no real opening cutscene or exposition to speak of, which I loved. Instead, you learn about the weird, artsy world of Transistor as you play. An important thing to note is that this game requires the player's attention to be really good. Everything in Transistor wants you to think. If you try to blow through it or brush it off, you probably won't end up enjoying it.The combat system is the real selling point to me. It's fun and rewarding to fight, which is what an ARPG should be all about. It achieves this by including a freeze-time, turn based mechanic where you can take a breath and queue up attacks in the middle of a fight. Between that and the sheer variety of different moves, there's a lot of creative ways to kill something. The catch is that you can only equip four different functions (combat/movement abilities) at a time outside of a couple passive slots unlocked later. Because 'dying' disables one of the functions equiped, you have to prioritize certain functions over others. On top of all that, functions can be apllied to other functions to alter the way the original attack works. Add a dash move to your projectile to make it pierce enemies, add an explosive to your melee to make it AOE, etc. This rather complex system is not only great fun to mess around with, but works wonderfully in practice and makes Transistor a seemless ARPG/strategy game hybrid. There's a lot to mess around with and plenty of ways to get the job done if you're creative enough.To underline the functions and insentivise you to use them more, much of the game's lore is only acessible by completing levels with certain attacks or passives. You need to use every function in every slot to reveal the full story. As good as this idea is, it didn't always work for me. Sometimes the little flavor text given isn't worth scrambling your carefully crafted setup or replaying a hard level. Still, it was a nice break from the ""read a couple pages from a computer entry"" style of storytelling that most games use. (Although there is some more traditional story telling in the game as well, it's much more confusing without any extra information and isn't forced on you at any point.) While some might mistake the story for one of those annoyingly cryptic and artsy indie plots, there is method to the madness here, it just takes some time to figure it all out. Transistor doesn't have a whole lot of voice acting, but what's there is certainly passable, if generic. Red might be another silent protagonist, but this time around there's a reason for it. The game actively acknowledges that you're a mute and uses that fact to its advantage instead of ignoring it for immersion reasons or because of tight voice-acting budgets.The bigest problem I had with Transistor was the difficulty. While most of the levels were challenging but fair, the bosses were all over the place. Some were a cake walk, others were too frustrating. One boss in particular had me checking the Steam guides for optimal loadouts and strats. The out of place spikes in difficulty were jarring and almost removed me from the experience at some points. With all that said, I still give this issue a pass simply because I might not have been experimenting enough or was just using bad loadouts.One thing I really loved were the challenges/minigames you can play in the hub...beach? They're all fun and engaging. Sometimes I felt like I played them more than the main game! Although that wouldn't really suprise me, considering Transistor is just a bit on the short side. Another thing I didn't like was one of the plot twists near the end of the second act of the story. I won't spoil it, but it was kind of a let down for me. You'll know it when you see it. The ending itself was fine, though just a little cliche.The story may be a bit hard to follow, and the difficulty might be a little wonky, but you can't review Transistor without mentioning the art and music. This game is nothing short of gorgeous. So much effort was put into making everything, from the backgrounds to the enemies and even the UI, look good. The music is my favorite part though. Once again, you can feel how much heart and soul was put into the production value. I didn't think Darren Korb could top the Bastion OST, but he did. Oh, and Ashley Barrett nailed the atmosphere with her occasional vocals. If you want to hear it for yourself, the whole soundtrack is on Spotify and it's thoroughly awesome.Overall, a great game that I loved start to finish. Not without a couple flaws of course, but it certainly sets a very strong example for the genre."
,Recommended,237930,32908969,Posted: 27 June,all,Slerian,"I could say 1000 good things about this game, but I´m not goo at reviewing things in one orderly string of thoughts. So how about I give you a checklist of the things you are guaranteed to find in Transistor?-A Rich Story-Replay Value-Amazing Visuals-Amazing Sountrack-Interesting Characters-Super interesting world-Little Tidbits of detailed humor-Unique, highly customizable combat systemAnd it´s also a pretty short game, that will make you think about it for hours after. One of those that sticks with you and pops into your head at random moments, and makes a metaphorical tear roll down your cheek."
,Recommended,237930,11556429,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Monukai,"A heart-wrenching tragedy wrought with loss and sorrow, a bittersweet love story the likes of which are never seen in video games, an unbelievable experience that's as breathtaking as it is unforgettable——these are just a few of the things that Transistor has been for me. And don't think that I lavish the game with verbose and flattering descriptions idly either, this game swept me from my feet the moment I loaded it up and delved into the imaginative world it offered. Rarely have I been so immersed in a game and never before, not even in Supergiant Games' previous game Bastion, have I felt so emotionally involved in a game's story——it was refreshing to experience a game where I felt a surge of raw emotions... from frustration, to despair, to grief. And to add icing to the cake, this game's audio and visual presentation blows every other indie game out of the water... each time I step away from the game and come back to it, I'm still shocked to realize just how beautiful a game it truly is.Red, the character whose role you assume, finds herself in a strange and unsettling predicament after being attacked by a mysterious organization known as the Camerata. With the help of her companion, the Transistor (a.k.a. Breach()), she must seek answers from this mysterious group and fight the newly arrived threat of the Process. The Process comes in many forms, and Red with the Transistor in hand, must face off against them. The combat in this game is a hybrid between fast paced action and tactics. Red can be equipped with up to four active Functions and four passive Functions (essentially abilities). Each Function can also act as an upgrade for Function already equipped as an active ability. This allows for quite a lot of customization. Furthermore, there are Limiters, which act as a way of increasing the challenge within the game. Enable a handful of limiters and you'll easily find yourself tuning and customizing your Functions to overcome some of the harder encounters and challenges. There is definitely challenge to be had in this game if you seek it, and exploring all the customization options is one of the highlights of the game's combat system——some of the Function combos are ingenious and finding such a badass combo is always a joy.And while the game's combat system is superb, I'd probably rate it as the weakest feature simply because every other aspect of the game is so near perfection. The audio and visuals of the game are no exception. Anyone who has played Bastion should know from experience alone to expect something amazing when it comes to how a Supergiant Games' game should look and sound, and despite such high expectations they wouldn't be disappointed with Transistor. The game is just mesmerizingly stunning, to the point that it's hard to describe in words just how remarkable it is. It has to be played to be appreciated at the level it deserves. From gorgeous hand drawn scenery, to the hauntingly beautiful lighting, to art filled cutscenes... this game is beautiful. Audio is no exception either with solid voice acting (the voice of Rucks from Bastion voices the Transistor), perhaps the best original soundtrack in the entire industry which I could write an entire second review on alone, and don't forget Red's incredible humming prowess.Although the game presents perhaps the most extraordinary sensory experience in the indie scene, to me the true selling point of this game is the story and the way it is presented. There is a lot going on in this game and it's worth getting involved in. Read what's happening at the terminals, read the bios, listen to the audio logs——it pays off. But most importantly, listen to what Transistor says. Stop and listen. Pay attention. And when Red responds to Transistor via typing, just don't quickly read what she says butfeelwhat she says. Following the connection between the two is what sucked me into the story and got me involved with it in a much more personal way. There is a lot of character depth for both Red and Transistor, and an equal depth in regards to the relationship between the two. Putting myself in the shoes (or heels, I suppose) of Red was a surreal experience, and feeling the pain, frustration, longing, and love through her perspective is what made this game something special.The developers put love and care into making this game. The story is strong, no doubt. But I think what makes it stand out is that the developers built this game bottoms up starting with the story. Scene by scene crafting the perfect medium to tell this story, at every point making critical decisions about what music to be playing, what visuals to show, what Transistor's monologue should be; at every cutscene and at every interlude, deciding how best to portray the story through artwork and song. And by my reckoning it worked, they took a story and found the best way——the perfect medium——to tell it, and the product is Transistor. I've seen people refer to video games as a form of art before, but Transistor joins a miniscule list of games that I have played and feel as if I can share such a sentiment having played it."
,Recommended,237930,23117387,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,n-TH,PROSCONS+ Stunning visuals and art style+ Very atmospheric+ Interesting story+ Great music+ Well-crafted combat system- Short- Linear- Environment isn't very interactive- Combat gets repetitive after a while
76561198046693289,Recommended,237930,32210567,Posted: 5 June,all,Germs,"I feel like this game was built around a great idea. The Transistor. This weapon gets functions from the people it embodies. These functions can be mixed and matched to use in battle as active, secondary, or passive skills. There are a total of 16 different functions to unlock through your first playthrough, although if you decide to ""recurse"" (subsequent playthroughs) you unlock duplicates, bringing them up to 32.Playing around with these different possible combinations is where the magic happens, and the game is aware of this. For instance, when leveling up you choose one skill in a small selection, so the order you unlock them is slightly random.(not all since some are story related)Another example is dying. When your health bar is depleted in battle you will be punished by losing your most valued function in return for a full health bar. This function will remain locked for a few fights forcing you to try new combinations. This can hinder you or open your eyes to devastating new tactics. It is only after losing all active functions that you die.Limited ressources and knowledge can make the beginning of the game more difficult than intended. But once you find those game breaking combos no amount of limiters will hold you back. Limiters offer you a chance to increase the challenge in exchange for bonus xp. They also unlock as you level.I like how the functions and limiters have little profile cards for the characters and the process (enemies) respectively. It gives depth to the transistor.The story on the other hand is relatively short and intentionally cryptic. As I mentioned you have the possibility to recurse. Depending on how complete you want your experience to be, it might be necessary. There is an area in the game called the Backdoor containing different types of challenges. These tests are unlocked through your player level and after a single run some will remain locked. I would say it takes between 2 and 3 playthroughs to get max level (30) depending on the number of limiters you use.Under the cloud of mystery and the sci-fi allure of the narrative is hidden a pretty simple story. It didn't bother me much but I would understand if some of you find it underwhelming.The turn base and strategy side of this game is not as prevelant as I thought and aiming in real time can feel clumsy.The last thing I want to mention is the level design. In spite of the stunning graphics the levels were lacking. It's mainly walking in hallways between combat. In battle is where you want to be, so these lackluster levels don't really affect the fun of the game. Paradoxically a second playthrough doesn't feel all that repetitive because it is just a continuation of the battle/walk/battle formula the game already had going.Sometimes in battle, a ""cell"" can become hidden by terrain which can unnecessarily lengthen a fight.In conclusion, this game is guided by a single well developed fun idea leaving the rest feel like an afterthought, disappointing but not enough to drag this down.Bastion > Transistor"
,Recommended,237930,28634606,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Cassandra,"Yesterday, I finished Bastion, today, I felt like I need more from them so I played Transistor. It took me 5 hours to complete the story without doing anything else but the story, I also didint use and game-hardening effects that you can add while you play. I just wanted to see how it goes. So far, amazing.PROS:- Game is an eye-candy. Drawings, characters, enemies, everything is so beautiful I actually felt like using my old oil paints to paint something from this game and hang in my room. I'll just buy probably.- OST's. As I mentioned in Bastion, they're not just doing a great job but I'm actually going to put all of these songs in my phone, they're worth it.- Gameplay. I like isometric, but this is something else. I thought I'd be bothered with the turn-based playing but actually, It was on point and fun. Little calculations make it very easy.- Skill design = FOR THE MOTHER OF INDIES, I loved it. The design is so catchy, and the combination system means, you can play the game however you want! You can create 1-hit K.O. AOE's or if you like playing dodgy, you can create more agile stunner gameplay too. Its all yours.- Story. I cried. Seriously.CONS:- Level gaining. Level gaining itself isn't the bad part, the bad part is, I had to wait and watch how the character gained level after every single encounter, and I don't really like waiting for something so repetitive. It literally pauses the game, pops a little window, shows how many percentage of your character gained level, and then pops of. Still, It didin't ruined the game, It's something minor, and doesn't really bother you at some point because you're just so in the game.TL;DR: If you like Bastion, buy it. Being isometric, or different gameplay won't bother you in any way, this game's a little masterpiece."
,Recommended,237930,14172893,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,AttackOfTheThumbs,"The Bad:You have to play it twice.The Good:It gets even better the second time around.Let me say this, about 75% of the way through my first playthrough, I wasn't even sure if I really liked the game yet. There are some game breaking power combinations you can create that make it impossible to lose. The game is beautiful, the combat is interesting and what eventually really won me over, was the story. Towards the end of the game, you finally start understanding the story. It's not even that it is told to you, no, what happens is you get more and more of it via text in your powers, text in the limiters, just from everywhere. I didn't fully understand the impact of those until later.Once you are done with your first run, you kind of question some things, so what do you do, you play again. Suddenly the story becomes clear. You understand what happened. You understand how. You understand everything in a way that simply wasn't possible the first time around.It's like watching Fight Club the second time. You see it in a new light that you couldn't have before.Simply beautiful, well done. I have to applaud them for making another great game after Bastion. I didn't think it possible. I am so glad I picked this up on a whim. Literally because it was cheap at the time."
,Recommended,237930,28109032,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,PositiveThinking,"Now that I've recently returned to 100% the game, I feel that I can finally review it. (And don't worry, no spoilers.)First off, if you've not played Bastion, you don't need to in order to play this one. They aren't connected in the least besides gameplay and artstyle/music. Of course, I'd recommend playing that game too; it's a good one. If youhaveplayed Bastion, then I'd still highly recommend playing Transistor. Though it doesn't have the multiple endings that Bastion does, the story is still quite satisfying.Transistor is a great game, and I enjoyed it even more than I enjoyed Bastion. Its gameplay, though similar to its predecessor, feels a lot more polished and varied, with Red's many attacks having much use as you go along. What's nice is that a little ways in you get a way to attack even during your cooldowns (if you choose to use Turn()), which mixes up the fun even more. The story is just vague enough to keep you interested in its mystery (as Bastion did as well), and as minimal as it is, it works quite well. It's a really nice tale of love and loss (cheesy, I know), and the characters and world that it builds are very imaginative. It's short, it's fairly action-packed, and it's heartrending.The theme at its core - the potential imperfections of paradise - is touched upon tastefully and openly enough for the player to form their own opinions on how such would work (if it could). The game contains a couple of anticlimaxes that are done in an intentional manner to add to the mood and storytelling, and while for a game that's generally not the best idea, I found that it made sense for the most part here. That is still, of course, a flaw, but it's a justifiable one.As for the ending, without spoiling anything, I found it beautiful. The art, the music, the circumstances... they all blend together so well to make an impactful ending. It's amazing in its simplicity, and it is, for the most part, a logical conclusion to the story. I suppose there could maybe have been a choice as there was in Bastion (though only one choice and two options here), but that's just a very small piece of missed potential. The ending that the developers chose works, and it works well.The art in the game is awesome, and I figured I might as well give it a brief mention. The whole game looks great, and every time you get to see full art in its glory, it really does feel like a treat. The artist ishttp://jenzee.deviantart.com/in case you want to see more of her work. Anyway...Finally, I get to gush about the music! Ihighlyrecommend buying the soundtrack, because it is phenomenal. It has some powerful songs (especially the vocal tracks - if you've not heard Paper Boats before, please don't listen to it until the end of the game. It just adds so much to the ending.) as well as many intense or atmospheric ones. A while back I made a review for the soundtrack itself, so check that out if for some reason you're interested in my favorite tracks. Anyway, all of the songs fit the game, and they add a lot to how artsy and beautiful it is.That's about it for this review - it turned out a little longer than I'd expected! For a rather short game, Transistor is one of the best; like any Steam game, it's in your best interest to buy it on sale, but to me it's worth the full price. Even after fully completing it I can see myself going back to it in the future.I don't really like giving numerical scores to games in general, so I'll just say that while it isn't perfect, it's really great and most certainly worth picking up if you can."
,Recommended,237930,12653274,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,KK,"TL;DR Version: 10/10 srsly this game is freakin' stellarI can't recommend this game enough. It's seriously one of the most stunning games I've ever played. When I rank games in my head, listing them with all their faults in mind, all I can say is that Transistor is the ONLY game that I've played that has no faults.Where do I start? Gameplay. Transistor does a fantastic job at letting you customize your moves. The pacing is fantastic- it does a very good job at easing the mechanics for you early on. For example, you start with a quick jab, and a long charging shot. Eventually you get an attack that is like a weak AoE. Pretty simple stuff, yeah? But then it tells you you can apply similar properties of powers to another, like combining them. Now your long-charge shot can split into multiples. And THEN you can apply powers to yourself, and not your other powers, to change up gameplay. The flexibility in powers allows for such a massively open-ended way to play. It's a simple 3-choice system that really allows the player to pick how they choose to play.The story is pretty interesting. It's nothing fantastic enough to win awards, but the way that they present you the story makes it interesting. Cloudbank is a mysterious place, and their little terminals and hints in dialogue makes you keep guessing what it really is. The characters, though, are rather lackluster save for Red and the Transistor. There are only 3 voices in the game, and one of them is simple grunts and humming. The Transistor character, voiced by the same fantastic narrator from Bastion, is the main spotlight for his character. The other characters, the Camerata, aren't so fleshed out.The art and sound styles are fantastic. This shouldn't really be a point to deter anyone, as these are just aesthetics. But when something is so stellar and outstandish in a game, I need to point it out. This game has STYLE. It's a beautiful, artsy, cyberpunk experience that's complete with everything that you need to keep you immersed.There's really only one problem with this game. I want more. It's so good, but it's a straight-forward story game that won't take you longer than 10 hours. I want more of Cloudbank. I want more of the Transistor combat. I want more, more, more! The ending made me satisfied, but I was sad that it was over.Do yourself a favor. Buy this game. It's very, very good."
,Recommended,237930,29414632,Posted: 21 January,all,Dravvad,"Transistor is a pretty interesting game, though definitely confusing. You begin the game ""in media res,"" with things falling apart and jumping into some uncertain combat with some creatures known as The Process. Your character, Red, seems to have lost her voice, which is odd, and I will get to that later as a criticism related to Supergiant Games. The only thing that speaks to you (as the character and player) for most of the game is actually your weapon, the Transistor itself.The story is not all given to you. In fact, you must piece a lot of it together - what the world is, where the people in it are, who the people you meet along your journey are, and what you are actually doing in the first place, among many other questions. Supergiant was very lightweight on what they give you, as you only learn small pieces here and there, with a few side details as you explore and find items such as terminals, which have news posts or recorded audio.Other story details revolve around your powers in combat. As you go along in the game, you earn new attack skills for the Transistor, and you can map out which skills you have at a time. There are 4 active skill slots you can hold at any one moment. Each skill can be upgraded with a max of 2 other skills at a single time. And further, there are 4 passive skill slots that you can hold, which will cause certain effects during combat. Each new skill will give you 3 pieces of story information revolving around a singular character. To unlock the information, you must use each skill as Active, Upgrade, and Passive. Doing so will give you new blocks of text about each character's background.Note that there is Memory that you have in the game, and equipping each skill uses up the Memory. Its purpose is to limit the amount of active, passive, and upgrade skills you have at any time. Further, you gain experience to level up in combat, common to RPG-style games. Leveling up is how you unlock certain new skills, and also how you unlock the usage of the new slots for active/passive/upgrade.A very heavy piece of combat, which is basically a requirement to survive the game, is something called Turn(). Essentially, it stalls combat (freezes time) and gives you a limited energy bar to plan out what you want to do. Moving around and using skills will eat up the energy, though you can undo moves and keep changing your plan until you finalize it by ending Turn(). Doing so will trigger everything you chose in faster than usual speed, with most enemies barely moving while it all happens. Turn() is a way to increase damage against enemies, escape bad areas of battle, or even just a way to look around the area to figure out what to do.While I do think that the usage of such a system was pretty efficient, and the fact that using skills in those 3 different ways allows for good customization, I do not think that Turn() necessarily blew the game away. A big reason why it is not all that is the fact that it really must be used a ton, or else you simply die. Many enemies cannot be efficiently beaten without it. Some of them are even chasing and attacking you every single second, as if they are in their own Turn() mode the whole battle, such as these dog enemies called ""Fetch."" While you find certain skills to hide or run away, most battle areas end up being relatively small and having large amounts of enemies, meaning that no place is exactly a safe spot.In fact, the later into the game I got (and during my second playthrough in ""Recursion""), I ended up using the exact same set of skills and spamming Turn() in order to get through. The game had certain side battles called Tests, one of which is called Performance Tests. In them, you must fight waves of enemies with randomly generated skills, as a means to get associated with more skills than just a few you like. However, most of those were simply not possible with certain skills and required many retries to get stronger ones, showing that not every skill is enough to beat the game.The graphics of the game are pretty good, though I found way too many areas to be extremely bright/to have high contrast to where things were blending together. I could not find a good reason for this, because my computer and the game settings were nothing abnormal. No such brightness/contrast issues exist for any other games I have played, or for any applications I have used.As for the sound, most of the effects are nothing too special, while some of the music and voice acting were done well, with limitations. In total, you only hear about 4 characters in the entire game, with 3 of them being for very short periods of time. Supergiant Games seems to not get many people acting as characters, and in both of their popular games so far, that minimalism exists. The other game is Bastion, of course, a game which many people compare Transistor to, as Bastion came out a few years before in a similar vein. Both games have very little voice besides one main character talking as a semi-narrator, and one or two songs made for the games.Now, as just mentioned, Supergiant has the other big hit Bastion. As has seemed to be a large topic for players of these games, many people question and answer which of the two hits are better. A majority of people I've seen so far say Bastion - and in my opinion, I would agree with them.While Transistor is definitely strong and I still recommend playing it, I feel like Bastion has more charm and better setup than Transistor does. I enjoy the gameplay setup of Bastion more, with a hub that you return to, a map that you traverse to specific areas with vastly different styles, and a purely active combat style. I also enjoyed the story and characters of Bastion more, with you getting to learn more about them and the world.Supergiant made Bastion with very tight-knit story and gameplay, while Transistor has more breadth. Bastion gives you almost every single background detail possible, which I would not say Transistor needs to do - but I still think that Transistor did not go as deep as it should have. A lot of the story just feels like it is randomly pieced together, while Bastion feels very connected. Further, Transistor is a rather shorter game in comparison to Bastion.Despite the above, I think Transistor is definitely a game worth trying out, as it is a nice experience overall. However, I believe that Bastion has a higher replayability as well, and I do not see myself returning to Transistor much."
76561198041995956,Recommended,237930,12485490,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,bahamut66,"Big fan of Bastion and the same developers made Transistor, so I gave it a try...sadly, a bit disappointed.So, is Transistor a bad game?  No.  However, it's a somewhat flawed game, at least from a gameplay standpoint.  First, the good.  The story is...largely unimportant/boring, but the characters and the world built in are amazing.  You feel very much drawn in with our silent heroine, Red, and her chatty admirer trapped in a cybernetic sword.  It creates a narrative experience where you are there more for how the characters and world interact than the story.Graphically, the game is quite distinctive.  Think Bastion meets Cyberpunk 2020 or Shadowrun.  It's very much a detective noir cyber punk world and feels dark, gothic, but also futuristic and techno.  The effects onscreen can be quite a sight to behold as well and the art style itself is quite beautiful, using 2-d hand drawn in conjunction with the sprites and 3-d action in combat.Sound design is where the game shines.  An amazing voice cast, beautiful music which fits the mood perfectly, and relatively satisfying combat sounds make it a joy to listen to.  The tracks are good, but the vocal pieces in the beginning and end of the game are probably the best part of it.One thing I will say about Transistor that I love and wish more games would do is it feels organic.  You have, for example, several areas that are completely unnecessary, not story related, and which you can skip, but not skipping them builds the world and the characters, feeling like we get to know them through their actions and choices.  Like ordering a pizza after trying to be murdered.  I'm dead serious and it actually ends up being a nice quiet moment between heroine and sword.  Also, Red can hum or flourish the sword, if for no other reason than because that's what the character would do, even if the gamer chooses not to.  Feels very much alive.  The world itself is very distinctive, even if it draws heavily from noir and cyberpunk.Now, the bad.  Like Bastion, it seems to go for an action RPG route where you can choose your moves in real time, with the option of a system freeze time, string together combos, and plan your battle more strategically.  This is where the game starts to suffer.  You cannot play one or the other.  Largely, the game requires you to use this ""turn"" system and when you use it, you are left vulnerable for up 5 seconds while a bar recharges.  You cannot attack and are slower than all the enemies and their projectiles, so the game is VERY frustrating at times in this regard.  Also, your health drains at an insane rate, even on the easy setting, and when it drains to zero, you lose one of the four moves you can map to the face buttons until you die.  At times, this will happen multiple amounts in battle and it takes several battles to recharge, as you can only recharge the lost abilities at specific points.  So, you may not die, but the game is very unbalanced in terms of what you can do and how much damage you take compared to the enemies.  It has an option to increase difficulty in exchange for more experience, like in Bastion, but honestly, the game feels not hard, but frustrating enough without it.There is also an area like the Bastion which is meant to be a training/cooldown place, but...unlike the Bastion it feels kinda shoe horned in.  There seem to be several features, like the added difficulty, thrown in because ""hey, we did it in Bastion and people liked that.""  Standing on its own, without comparisons, it's...unnecessary, but inoffensive.On the whole, I liked Transistor, despite the story not gripping me as much as the characters did and the gameplay being often very frustrating.  I'd say play Bastion first, because Bastion is just a better game, but if you're looking to kill 4-6 hours and the issues I mentioned with gameplay can be overlooked, the experience is well worthwhile.Transistor is flawed, but still a gem."
76561197978124742,Recommended,237930,23569274,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Islif,"A captivating story with challenging, strategic combat mixed in. The narrator of sorts does an amazing job at bringing this sci-fi tale of love and loss to life. 10/10 would cry again."
76561198166620870,Recommended,237930,34872344,Posted: 10 September,all,DontBlink +_- UrDead,I once thought that there wouldn't ever again be a agame that would get me as emotionally invested as Life Is Strange but I was wrong. This game is even moreso emotionally ripping and the story is short but great.The game will reel you in with it's charm and unique personality. Lovable characters and phenomenal storytelling. Only flaw here is the length.Worth the admission of full-price.
,Recommended,237930,25536806,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡meruto,A mute redhead meets a verbally expressive USB greatsword. Cyber eroticism ensues.
76561198067727316,Recommended,237930,24336229,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,[SFW]SoldierOfEdenia,"I love this game!Now, the story is quite deep for a seemingly simple game (to be honest I didn't get it all until I checked it online) but I'll give you a spoiler-free, rough idea of what this game is about.A city called Cloudbank is attacked by the Camerata which is a group of individuals who intend to change the city using Processes which are basically robotic creatures. You play as Red, a female singer who fights these creatures with the Transistor, a weapon that can also speak to you.Throughout the game, you will receive new abilities called Functions for the Transistor which can be combined differently to produce different effects on your attack and defence. You will be able to change and combine the Functions together at terminals called Access Points to help you fight different foes with different abilities. There are also Sandbox areas for you to test and experiment with the Functions.Armed with the Transistor, you will fight your way through beautiful locations, unlocking new Functions and facing new enemies. Your talking, sword-like weapon will keep you company and help you make sense of what is happening.Gameplay: 9/10RPG style.Countless combinations for attack and defence.Real-time fighting and planning mode available.Very fun to play.Story: 9/10Very unique and interesting story.Graphics: 9/10Beautiful atmospheric locations and cutscenes.Sound Effects & Music: 10/10Incredible music. Game comes with optional Soundtrack.Voice Acting: 8/10Good voice acting which adds to the tone of the gameOverall Score: 9/10Recommendation:Very highly recommended.Play with a controller.Play at night in a dimly-lit room because... ambience.Buy the soundtrack."
76561198014949734,Recommended,237930,10566158,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Millertime059,"Supergiant came out of nowhere with Bastion, and it was amazing.  Would they be able to recapture the magic with their sophomore release?  In short:  mostly.What made Bastion memorable to me was the music and atmosphere.  Mechanically solid, but aurally and visually delightful.  With Transistor they flip this a bit.  The real hook, the most fully formed part of the game, is the combat mechanics.Make no mistake, the audio is still miles ahead of most competitors.  Darren Korb does superb work with the music, though admittedly my tastes favor the folk blues of Bastion to the synth jazz of Transistor.  Logan Cunningham once again able to run laps around most voice acting in games.  Overall the entire atmosphere and audio portions of the game fall secondary to Bastion, but there is no shame in taking second to a game as strong as that.The mechanics are the area where it stands on it's own.  They use a unique system of abilities, with each function able to take either the form of an ability, modifier for another ability, or passive support role.  The myriad ways these interact can lead to many tactical situation.  The game also strongly encourages mixing and experimentation, as the narrative is largely unlocked by using an ability in each of the 3 roles.  There doesn't seem to be any overpowering combo, though each can feel that way when used correctly.  Many games feature a wide array of abilities you can equip, but few do as good of a job encouraging you to experiment and resist using the same strategy throughout.Overall, a hearty recommendation.  While I rate it slightly lower than Bastion, their idea of a sophomore slump is still to embarrass the competition in writing and audio."
,Recommended,237930,30065565,Posted: 20 February,all,Arasan,Feels()
,Recommended,237930,20202808,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Memento,Mute redhead gets freaky with giant USB flash drive and robots.That's my fetish.
,Not Recommended,237930,24008087,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,chairbender,"Overall, there's just too many things about this game that rub me the wrong way.First of all, I definitely like the art, visuals, music, voice acting, and writing. They don't hold your hand when it comes to explaining the story and it forces you to pay attention and also encourages you to try lots of different function combinations so you can learn more about the characters, if you care to.Other than that, though, there's not much I like. The most important aspect of games to me is whether the gameplay is fun, and honestly transistor's gameplay isn't that much fun for me. Like others have said, not being able to do anything after you pause time and plan out a sequence of moves just sucks. They don't even give you enough mobility to dodge shots. All you can really do is try to get to cover and hide out until your meter replenishes. And if you opt to instead play without using turn (or using turn to pause and think and then unpausing and simply executing your actions manually), you'll probably disappointed by that experience when comparing it to the action oriented gameplay of bastion. One of the worst things, in my opinion, is that you lose access to functions when you lose all your health. Honestly I'd rather just die and restart from checkpoint. I can see that they're trying to encourage you to try different combinations of things, but it still just frustrates me losing the build that I was in the process of learning. And when your options are limited the gameplay just gets more and more boring because you might have to resort to gimmicky tactics depending on what functions you are left with. Overall, it's certainly a unique idea to blend the turn-based with real-time combat, but, in practice, it ends up just not being all that fun to me. I'd rather play a turn based game or an action game. My brain doesn't like switching between the two so rapidly.I would say get this heavily discounted and play it for the uniqueness and aesthetics. Don't come here expecting something very heavy or that you're going to really want to sink countless hours into or replay. My first playthrough was done in 6 hours and I was glad to be done with it. I have to complement them for not dragging it out or having some frustratingly long and tedious boss fight at the end. If the story went on even an hour longer I might've just gotten sick of it and given up.If you're into experience games more along the lines of how you experience art or other aesthetic experiences (and not necesarilly for the thrill of challenge and victory), you should definitely consider this game. There's a lot there to process. I personally don't care much about that sort of thing when it comes to games, though."
,Recommended,237930,10701488,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,TheBlueMuzzy,"Easily one of the best games of the last 5 years. Incredible replayability, and upgrades galore. Gotta love upgrades. Turn that volume up, because you don't want to miss a single note. Flawless. Thank you for this game!"
,Recommended,237930,31085734,Posted: 11 April,all,Nexiu,"Transistoris like a beautiful woman with whom you somehow land on a date. She has attracted you with her mysteriousness, but you still do not listen to what she says, by falling in her eyes and in the lingering sound of her voice. After all, great memories remain, though you are not sure exactly what happened there."
,Recommended,237930,23329899,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,David K?,"I would give this game an 9/10.The graphics are very good.The gameplay is very good, I\'ve been using a PS3 controller for controls.The sound is pretty good.The content is pretty good.I especially love the fact that it uses programming functions, visually, to create your weapon inputs and everything.The only thing that hinders it a point, and I was going to say 8/10, is I don\'t really get into the storyline. I don\'t feel connected to it. It is kind of just happening. Others might, so I gave it an extra point. Overall this is a great game.I also like that now-adays games seem to be smaller, so when I thought I beat the game, I ended up going hours longer. So far I have about 8 hours played, and I \""think\"" I\'m close to beating it. All in all, great job! I\'d recommend it.Still unsure what the singing button is for, and the jumping for the sword button. I\'d imagine they are just for looks."
,Recommended,237930,17263283,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,#`GHo$T .. !™,"I still can't believe how amazing this game is, It's a masterpiece."
,Recommended,237930,24685274,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,°Devereux◦,"Transistor has beautifully done artwork, amazing colour contrasts(most likely picked every single colour to create this game tbh) and an Action-RPG game of sci-fi futuristic metropolis that includes the story of gorgeous influential singer, a female protagonist called Red and the remarkable sword, the Transistor.Game begins as Red wields the sword(transistor) stabbed in deadman and ventures deep into the metropolis to discover and resolve some mysteries. The story reveals in bits and pieces, its our job to put them all together to find out whats really happening and it was a bit difficult to figure that out.The game is mostly about two characters, the guy trapped in transistor after being stabbed and the girl Red, which is more like romance between these two and to keep each other safe rather than saving the city.Together they go after the group belongs to Camerata organization which, for no good reason, turns against Red to kill her but failed in process. As the game goes on we discover that the man trapped in transistor was the one who gave up his life to save Red from dying and at the same time Red lost her voice and couldn't communite at all.The sword talks all the time and is the actual narrator in this game. He/it never stops talking to Red which at times annoyed me because i couln't concentrate on the story during the fight.The ending is quite emotional and sad nevertheless sort of satisfying.As for me, i liked the combat and gaining the new functions for the sword on every Level-up. I enjoyed destroying the machines and robots by combining various functions which come out as new combos to deal greater damage to finish them off. I always enjoy stories and hate killing but the phenomena was totally oppoiste in this game(idk if someone agrees with me on this but i must say combat and combos were awesome for me).The game also has the Planning mode which makes it alot easier to make combos and attack afterwards. Planning mode has always been my fav!This game is very beautifully designed, capital city, Cloudbank is the major place where the whole story lies. The atmosphere was really pretty! i loved it.I thoroughly enjoyed the soundtracks and music throughout the game. More music and songs could be unlocked by completing the side actvities and various tests. All of the songs were really amazing, i must say Supergiant  put really good effort creating them! Some of the songs were also sung by Red, she had pretty good voice and really nice songs.To the verdicts! Well the game is masterpiece of artwork! amazing soundtracks, well drawn art characters and a nice story.Pretty much worthy of 19.99$ but its nice to have it on sale.I Profoundly recommend it!!!"
,Recommended,237930,10194164,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Edo,This game.. has reached out to me in a way I could have never possibly imagined.It is an excellent example of what videogames are about. Genius ideas combined with passion.I cried a little.9/10
,Recommended,237930,32879026,Posted: 27 June,all,♫♪Cinderella♪♫,+great music+interesting story+amazing graphic(really love their artstyle)-gameplay is pretty hard for me9/10don't finish game yet but i recommend this gameshould buy!
,Recommended,237930,10436261,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,AncientPancakes,"Oh holy ham sandwiches, this game is absurd. First of all, the art style is simply amazing. I mean did ya look at it? It's fabulous. Secondly, the soundtrack is WHOASH. You might end up not enjoying the game but still love it because of how good the music is. It's off the chain man.The gameplay. Let's just say that it's a real sauce ball platter when it comes to this aspect. Transistor uses a battle system that is both unique and delicious to the stomach. It allows you to attack enemies in real time or using the neato ""Turn"" ability to plan out your attacks. Both options are viable and they are both quite satisfying.Transistor is not without it's flaws however. The game is pretty short only taking me around 7 hours to beat. The game is also extremely linear offering no sense of exploration. The game will keep you going on the path of destruction without much say. HOWEVER, transistor's replay value is boosted thanks to it's wide selection of weapons which allows you to experiment and find tons of different strategies and slam dunk homeruns to use throughout the game. So you don't get to explore the world much but you do get to explore your vast arsenal of abilities. Making different loadouts was pretty fun, and that's where a lot of the replay value was found for me.For those of you who played Supergiant's last game Bastion, you should be right at home with the new role that voice actor Logan Cunningham plays in this game as the voice inside the transistor.  Similar to Bastion, the main character is silent and the voice in the transistor will speak for her as she journeys through the city of Cloudbank. It is a slightly different role compared to the role of the narrator from Bastion, but it is executed very well and at the end of the day I was just as impressed.The story is also one of the biggest dunks this game has to offer. I found it very interesting and engaging, however once the game had ended, I was left with many unanswered questions that were never resolved.  This may annoy some players, but I actually found it refreshing that the game challenges you to think about these questions and come up with interpretations for yourself.At the end of the day, this game is GODLIKE.  For those of you who are looking for a large amount of content in this game, the 20$ price tag may be too steep. And that is okay, but I believe that this game is such an awesome experience that the price tag is justified even if it doesn't last you as long as most games.So yeah, Transistor gets a rating of ""11/10 reverse gorilla dunk"". Thank you for your time."
,Recommended,237930,12702780,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Cyclo1224,The down side .....NOT LONG AT ALL!The up side......great storygreat gameplaygreat soundtrackgreat voice actingbeautiful visualsa strange but engaging storyin my humble opinion its one HELL of a great game.
,Recommended,237930,26579757,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,deevalenta,"Unique gameplay, visually breathtaking, AMAZING OST and good story.The one and only regret after finishing this game (twice) is not buying the OST when it was on sale #sadlife.My fave OST ♥-Paper Boats-[Chorus:]We are paper boats floating on a streamAnd it would seemWe'll never be apartI will always find youLike it's written in the starsYou can run, but you can't hide ♪I nominate this for -The “I Thought This Game Was Cool Before It Won An Award” Award-"
,Recommended,237930,32806309,Posted: 26 June,all,Eggsy,"I don't know where to start with this game..in spite of having a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of particle effects, this game is very well optimized, The artworks, musics and the stories complements the game mechanics.The only downside i would say is the camera. Sometimes during fights you tend to lose sight of your enemy, which is not the what you want while doing your speed test.Overall it is a great game, with a great story and art..a must play for indie enthusiasts."
,Recommended,237930,13143797,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,♫TGC> The Games Collector,"It's another great atmospheric game. I love the visual style, and the music is great.The action is a bit slower paced than Bastion, and you have a 'strategy mode' where you can line up actions for an instant attack stream. You also pick up new skills here'n there, which you can combine to upgrade others, or use directly.It's quite interesting how it's put together.So far it's pretty amazing game."
,Recommended,237930,25579348,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,GingerSpice,The perfect game:- Phenomenal Soundtrack- Captivating Gameplay- Stunning visuals- Interestig CharactersNo bad points.Do yourself a favour and get it.
,Recommended,237930,33205922,Posted: 3 July,all,JeLomun,"Transistor is the BEST indie game which I have ever played so far.Everything is so perfect with everything I mean Story, Gameplay, Game mechanics, Game Design, Soundtrack and I still can't belive it's indie game.Developers did great job that they connected everything so nicely in one game.Story 10/10Story is very nice created and story has nice connect with gameplay, that transistor is your sword that talk and guide you through the game is so interesting and he is feeling like he is human being(He was human being, but you need to finish the game to figure it out) and ending is really sad. You are controlling Red, a singer in the city of Cloudbank, who uses Transistor to the Process, and to bring the Camerata (Group of 4 members and they are reposnible for the disappearances of high profile people in Cloudbank) to justice.The Game action is happening in future and everything is robotic around you (specially enemies).Gameplay/Game mechanics 10/10In gameplay you are controlling character ""Red"" and you are eliminating enemies with your Transistor (Big Sword) that has a lot of Functions (abilities) and you are getting new Functions from leveling up and for finding them from dead bodies of some important Characters (Bosses etc.).Also every Function (ability) has 3 forms that can be used for and it's:Standard Function use (usable Function) - Hot-keys 1,2,3,4 or A,B,X,Y if your are playing with Xbox controller, every Function is diffrent and unique and there game make you creative with some unique combos and every combo can be good also some abilities are pure damage and some are utility or just defensive.Upgradable - Every usable ability can be upgraded with 1 or 2 other abilities (at the start u can upgrade only with 1 ability after when you level up you are unlocking 2nd slot for 2nd ability that can upgraded for that usable ability)Passive - There is in total of 4 Passive slots. Every ability has passive that are mostly for your general stats like Life point, Damage, Damage reduction, etc.There is in total of 16 Functions and every Function has diffrent cost that can be used from 1 to 4 MEM (MEM short of Memory is an in-game resource that determines how many Functions can be equipped.)Leveling up you are not just choosing what new ability will you pick up, you also choose what will you unlcok (More MEM or new Upgrade slot or new Passive slot) and what Limiter will you pick (Limiters are like passive functions).There is excelent created game mechanic and it's that you create a Turn() in which you freeze the time of enemies and you can cast Functions and move in the battlefield. You have limited usable space to walk/run and to cast Functions, and good thing about this game mechanic you can undo previous walk path or function; you also can see what area will Function hit and how much damage will it done.After you make a Turn() there is cooldown for other Turn().Game mechanic about your life is that you have regular Life points (100%) and when it get to fatality (near 0%) you automaticlly create a Turn() and you don't die, but if Turn() is on cooldown and u get fatality damage you dont lose life like in other games, you lose one of your usable Functions and that Function is like broken and can't be usable for upgrade or passive until you get level up and refersh it; After you lose all 4 Usable Functions it's game over and u start from last save.In-game you are saving on special locations (like checkpoints) in which you also customize your Functions.When you kill the enemy they leave some kind of capsule that you have time to pick it up, if you dont pick it up (in 10sec) new enemy would have been created.In-game there is ""Backdoor"" that is beach room for practicing and for completing Tests (challenges).In New Game Plus (NG+) you get same functions but that make customization even bigger so you can have same Passive and Usable Function, but you can't upgrade one usable Function with 2 same Functions.My favorite Function is ""Void"", that Function has 4 MEM usage and it can be casted max 3 times on the enemy (it's stacking), basiclly what Function do is that it make enemy weaker so you can one shot any enemy with some good finisher Function (actually any damage Function). Passive part is that increase your base damage.Game Design 10/10Background city is well done designed, also robotic enemies, all human characters and Transistor. Transistor is story for himself, it's designed so nicely with that green sword and that red circle that symbolize like an eye.Function effect design, also Turn() design is perfectlly designed that you can clearly see where is it going and how is pathing going.Cutscenes are minimalist designed with only pictures or sometimes some animations when you are traveling, but overall that make game even better.Soundtrack 9/10Soundtrack is connected with the story and it's basiclly some electro/robotic music, but the protagonist (Red) is also singing in some part of the game and at the end of the game some classic/jazz song.And Backdoor beach room has some beachy music.Soundtrack is changing throught the game and it's so beautiful. With sound you will know when it's time to fight and when is time too chill to listen story and to watch some background graphics.Also with completing Tests you are unlocking new songs that can be playable through the Sandbox on the Record Player so you can change music in backdoor room. i think it's pretty cool.Final wordsI recommended Transistor (RPG indie game) for really every gamer who like sci-fi RPG, but also who doesn't like sci-fi or RPG in-general. At least give it try and I can guarantee you will not regret it.P.S. It cost only 2,84€ on Summer sale, so it's must buy.10/10"
,Recommended,237930,12523649,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Pirsig,"Transistor pleased me in every way, from a fantastic audio/visual style to the amazingly satisfying, in-depth, and unique combat system.  I enjoyed every minute of Transistor even more than I enjoyed Bastion, which is saying a great deal.  Check out the video if you want to see more.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oSmYA4NypgI"
,Recommended,237930,25232313,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Bozu,"pros -- gorgeous soundtrack and visuals- narration > bastion's narration, in my opinion- emotionally stirring, thought-provoking story with roots in science fiction- solid length, and the nature of the game's story-telling makes it to where replaying at least once is still enjoyable- turn-based, strategy-based almost MOBA-esque combat is really fresh and fun, and can be infuriatingly difficult- seriously one of the beautiful all around games i've ever playedcons -- the story is not presented in the most cohesive way (deliberately) so i can see why someone may not fully understand the breadth of what is actually happening- that's literally it"
76561198155105340,Recommended,237930,30020386,Posted: 18 February,all,TheArasid,"Wonderful game, if you played and liked Bastion, you will definitely like this one.Pros :1. Solid story and characters2. Interesting and well-presented idea (futuristic ""techno world"")3. Both design and music are amazing4. Great level of customisation, wide variety of abilities the main protagonist can use and quite a few enhancements to make the gameplay a bit more challengingCons :1. The game itself is a bit short, I wish it was longer ( it took me ~5h to finish it )- to get all the achievements, you need to replay it, but it still feels good, because of the atmospheric style and customisation2. After completing the game, I felt like the story was missing something, it could definitely develop into something more or offer a slightly more advanced character developmentOverall 9/10"
76561198129428416,Recommended,237930,31316054,Posted: 23 April,all,damaris,"When I played the game for the first time, I wasn't satisfied with my purchase. It seemed strangely odd having to strategise moves in order to defeat enemies, in other words boring. Later on in the game I discovered it's unique rpg side, where you can choose from countless posibilities of skills. And when I got a hang of the amazing story combined with 10/10 soundtracks I couldn't stop playing it. Transistor made me feel strong emotions and the ending gave me goosebumps.Definitely one of the best games I've played."
,Recommended,237930,25115373,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Walter O'Dim,+ Story+ Music and voice acting+ Combat System+ New game+ (Recursion)Cons not found.
,Recommended,237930,23299112,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Hauyn,"Play this if you love music and art; if you think that videogames are much more than just easy entertainment; if you want another one of those unforgettable experiences in your life. And finally, play this if you thought those thing I've said about Bastion.I recommend to beat it twice in order to complete all the achievements and unlock all the info of the characters. The story has a clear simbolism and opens a long debate about existentialism. If you are able to see this, then you can give this game a 10/10 because it really deserves it.And about the soundtrack. Wow. Much more than videogame music if you ask me.One of the best indie games of all time, and actually the best of 2014.""See you in the country, Mr. Bike."""
76561198206681324,Recommended,237930,28884396,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,VietnamFlashbacks,"That was one hell of a ride...I cannot believe that there aren't many people that know about this game, as it is simple amazing. It is a more than worthy successer to Supergiant's first game Bastion and its story is suprisingly hard hitting.Pros:- The game's soundtrack is phenomenal, and teh game's ability to allow the main character, Red, to hum along when out of combat helps the soundtrack shine.- The game is beautiful, but runs very well, even for my 3 year old laptop, which isn't at all built for gaming.- The combat system is simple, yet very fun, somewhat challenging (but not too challenging) and is very creative, making it a breath of fresh air.- Speaking of difficulty of the game, there are limitations, much like Bastion's panthenion system, which allow you to make the game harder if you feel that it is currently too easy for you.- The story respects you by allowing you to figure out and put pieces of the puzzle together, instead of constantly guiding you through the story, adding to the mystery of the game, which Bastion also had.- The world and level design is very good and certain interactions that you can have with the world help to flesh out the world that the game is set in.- There are extra challenged in the game and the game's story is replayable, if you would like to play the game with a different combination of powers.Cons:- The game is a little on the short side, with its main story coming to around 6 hours.- There aren't any section within the game that allow you to make choice which will affect the story, and - despite Bastion only having a few of these - I feel that they are missed.In all honesty the cons are really only nickpicks, and don't really affect the game too much, and I feel that Transistor is a step up from Bastion. I also feel like it could have been acknowledged as one of the best games of 2014, if it had been given its rightful attention as its stylistic gameplay and world, combined with the beautiful soundtrack and mysterious story, make it on of my personnal favourites."
,Recommended,237930,11718604,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Zillastock,"This is a Sci-Fi Tactical RPG set in the luxurious neighborhood of a city. The RPG part is the usual leveling and acquiring of various attacks and abilities. The tactical side has you planning your moves and attacks during your 'turn' and during 'their turn' you run away. An interesting aspect in this game is that any ability can be used as an active ability, A passive ability or as an enhancement to an active ability. Gives a lot of different combinations to play with and the game encourages you to try them all out. It's also the main reason I'm considering playing again immediately. Something I rarely do.Story wise, You're Red, A super pop star, and something bad happens. Fortunately your over-sized all-purpose weapon talks to you and fills you in on what's going on. Well, The talking stick doesn't tell you everything. A lot of background is given through text and I found the setting it painted compelling. So much so that I wanted to explore and experience more of the city. I kind of interpreted that as a reflection of Reds' yearning for a part of her life that has been interrupted. I saw the fatalistic vibe as Reds' also.Visually the city is pleasing, clean and precise. While the more personal moments are done in a nice watercolor style. The music, Except for one stand out song, seems mostly ambient. Though there are some excellent subtle things done to the music, I wished it wasn't so subtle. Something to save for the next game perhaps.Overall, While the gameplay is excellent, The narrative seems more like an interesting experiment if not entirely successful. But I'll be there for SuperGiants next game sight unseen."
,Recommended,237930,10209125,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Octopus on Fire,"I've been thinking for some time that cinema is leaving the spot open for new ways of storytelling. Videogames have tried to take that spot over the years, ofering now a great tool for writers and devs to reach their audience in ways movies can't.This level of inmersion is often used to put the player in other character's shoes, offering experiences with more or less background. Transistor favours the storytelling in spite of some of this inmersion, making the player an observer, not giving you absolute control, getting carried by the events, giving  you a broader view of what it has to deliver. And what a way to deliver it.Transistor executes flawlessly everything it attempts. It doesn't offer you the latest in graphics, the best music or the most action-packed gameplay, but it makes sure you enjoy every last bit of it. Don't take me wrong, the hand drawn graphics look gorgeous, the music is great and the gameplay is very, very enjoyable, but it's the way it delivers it to the player, what makes Transistor one of the very best games I've ever played. And I've been around since the 80's.The game takes all the good things from Bastion, all kinds of influences from our day, and builds a vivid, original world, so full of life and personality it makes everything else look so run-of-the-mill, so old and used. It tells the oldest Story ever told, a Tragedy. But it's the characters, the world they inhabit, the references to our world, the little details, the pauses, the many readings anyone can take from this story... It's more than just a game, just a story. It's an interactive piece of art.To sum it all up, don't miss this experience if you're looking for something else than quick, mindless fun in a game, because you'll be missing a classic. This game is gonna be high up in the history of videogames, at least as one of those ""hidden gems"", and will bring you memories (and probably a smile) when you stumble upon it in some years.Indie games are offering new, fresh, great ideas and masterpieces like Transistor only proves that it's a very good time to be a gamer, enjoy it while it lasts."
,Recommended,237930,31805467,Posted: 17 May,all,DirtyPhoenix,"Transistor is a game that's as much a game as it is a beautiful, moving piece of art. From the gorgeous visual style, the stellar music, an emotional and layered story and impeccable voice acting, not to mention the deep and mutating gameplay, it has near about everything that I crave from a videogame.The narrative is essentially about the relationship between a woman without a voice and man without a body. You are in a cyberpunk city called Cloudbank and something bad has just happened to you (the woman), causing you to lose your ability to speak and the man getting killed and his consciousness getting trapped inside the Transistor, the swordlike thing the woman carries. His voice constantly speaks to you, describes the happenings of the city and guides you. From here on out, Red - your character, must figure out who were behind this attack and make them pay. Before long you sense something is wrong with the city as well and it's changing too. Red and the Transistor's journey through this decaying city in persuit of vengeance is what makes up the story of this game. It's a very layered story with lots of subliminal themes, and it's told expertly and movingly, but none of these details are handed to you. You have to work for it and they are unlocked as you use different abilities in the game; while some people might find that off-putting, as far as I'm concerned that's a good gameplay design as it incentivizes experimentation and discovery of the numerous skill combinations you can put in place.The gameplay consists of turns where you pause the action and plan your steps and then unpause to watch the action roll out. You can also play it as a standard third-person game in real time but in more complex encounters this is neither feasible nor nearly as much fun as watching a perfectly planned attack execute. In the game you discover different 'functions', which are souls(?) of dead people you come across The interesting thing is that while most other RPGs have designated active and passive abilities, all the abilities in this game, these functions, can be used as active, secondary or passive abilities without restriction. So while for example Spark() lets loose a flurry of explosive shells when used as a primary function, it imbues a splitting and subdividing character to other function when combined with them as a secondary, and as a passive ability it spawns a copy of Red when under attack that'll divert enemy attention for a short time. Each function has different primary, secondary and passive characteristics like this and you're constantly judging whether a function will be more useful as a primary or perhaps augmenting another one. It is this gameplay element which immediately sets it apart from other RPGs, and leads to a potentially infinite loadouts as you can mix and match these functions to find completely different ways of dealing with enemies.A great game overall. Supergiant Games has quickly become one of my favourite developers and with the kind of work they did on Bastion and now Transistor, I'd be looking forward to their next game with baited breath. And yes, just like Bastion you'll cry at the end of this game as well. I know I did."
,Recommended,237930,24416699,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,〤 MrWorthless,"The first thing I did once I played 10-20 mins wasTab out → click on store → search for: Transistor Soundtrack → tab back to game →   continue playing.for real, the soundtrack is one of the best things I've ever had the pleasure to listen to in my life.(you can unlock most of the soundtrack for free inside the game if you beat some optional tests)The art and textures of the game are just divine, no words.The combat system is pretty unique since you can do a mix of going for ''turn based'' combat or free combat.the skills you unlock are also optional and there's an ''unlimited'' combinations since every skill you unlock you can use it as a passive skill or as a passive skill for skill.and the last thingThe Story, the story is more more deep than it looks like, and I encorage you that once you ''end'' the game, search it up and look it from a different point of view.It's been a long since a game didnt make me feel like this, being more clear since I end Portal 2 (wich was 2 years ago).the chills were racing all over me....while playing Transistor.See you inside the Transistor. -B."
,Recommended,237930,10205548,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Skelzor,This game is amazing.Stop reading terrible reviews and play it.
,Recommended,237930,10877216,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Abd2,"I bought it because i liked bastion,and believe me i don't regret any cent spent on this game!it has a great combat system, the combat is more strategy than action,if i have to specify the cons, i'd say story was confusing and not so appealing, despite that, the announcer was one of the best!I totally recommend this game <3"
76561197981515050,Recommended,237930,19952999,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Delta Force 95,"The game is amazing.  If you played Bastion, it's the same narrator, in a different role.  The story is epic, the combat is clean, simple to grasp but hard to master, and the enemy variety is enough to keep it fresh, with a lot of wtf moments.  Worth every penny!"
,Recommended,237930,12712463,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Hatsuna,"If you liked Bastion, you should buy Transistor.If you like heartrendingly beautiful games, you should buy Transistor.If you like games that constantly force you to adapt and reevaluate how you're approaching a challenge, you should buy Transistor.If you're a human being, you should buy Transistor.In all seriousness, coming to Transistor from Bastion, I was a little worried. Bastion had extremely tight and hugely enjoyable gameplay, and it seemed like Transistor was discarding that for a slowed down, more strategic approach. I could not have been any more wrong.Transistor provides a system that is pretty easy to learn and grows in complexity and versatility as you progress, allowing you to really tailor your abilities to how you want to play. Unused abilities become modifiers for your equipped abilities or modifiers for your character herself, allowing you to constantly alter your playstyle. You pick the pace at which you fight, choosing whether to focus on fighting in real time, or relying more on using the “time freeze” mechanic to stop time and allow you to plan a whole flurry of attacks in quick succession.Regardless of this flexibility in playstyle, if your health hits zero, instead of dying and starting over, you lose one of your abilities randomly. This serves an elegant two fold purpose. On one hand, it provides punishment for the player who failed to stay alive, removing an ability that that player specifically wanted to use. On the other hand, because that ability is now removed from the game for a while, the player is forced to mix and match and experiment with whatever abilities are left in the ability pool. To stay alive, the player must adapt.And there is some satisfaction to be had from being forced to adapt. By forcing your hand, Transistor challenges your creativity, your willingness to change the way you think or to try something new. It sits on the precipice of balancing hugely gratifying gameplay with a breathtaking world and a resonating story, and does not disappoint.You should probably go buy it."
,Recommended,237930,20436116,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Chicha,"Amazing game! If you are able to get this on sale (like I did) this is basically a steal. My ~34 hours were enough to run the story twice and get all achievements.It has an amazing story, outstanding soundtrack and art. Really was so worth it!I'm seriously becoming a fan of Supergiant Games!"
,Recommended,237930,14425784,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Sion,a dating sim about the hot and steamy heterosexual relationship between a woman and a sword
,Recommended,237930,12749813,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,BoredMai,"The art is awesome.The soundtrack is awesome.The combat system is awesome.The story is awesome.Seriously, I don't think there was a single thing I disliked in this game. I fell in love in the first minutes, got hooked and finished it in one sitting, because I couldn't stop playing."
,Recommended,237930,11555011,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Dorkasorus,"The Game design is beautiful and the story is moving. If you enjoyed Bastion you will enjoy this game as well. Beware, the game play is a diverse and sometimes requires more thought than just your typical button masher. I finished the game within 4 hours, even though it was short, I have the option to continue which I might just to complete all the achievements. The music is well paired with the story.Best of luck and I hope everyone enjoys this title as much as I did."
76561197964629482,Recommended,237930,32897689,Posted: 27 June,all,MacYavel Πeta∫orge,"A smallish game (first run took about 10 hours), that you can replay for added difficulty. That game really take you in through it's soundtrack. If you don't have it, you need to pick it up during steam sales."
,Recommended,237930,10261938,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,dicc,"in this game i get to control a woman, unlike in real life, where they reject me.11/10 GOTY"
,Recommended,237930,33947610,Posted: 1 August,all,Helevorn,"A really awesome Action RPG, single-player with a single (female, at last! mmh..) main character.. it's greatly customizable with lots of active, passive or attachable functions and abilities, and it has a great battle system which makes you delve into strategy and tactical schemes. The story is quite sci-fi and enjoyable, and the whole game is easy to get into but challenging. Finally, another great RPG with many new features, super recommended!"
76561198004419232,Recommended,237930,23273054,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Happiness Officer,"You might like if:You enjoyed, not only the gameplay, but the story and experience of Bastion (Supergiant Games' much acclaimed title before this one). I'd recommend checking that one out first if you haven't.This is an artistic experience more than a game.I know, I know... what the heck does that even mean...Transistor's strength lies in the way the story unfolds. The plot (and its twists) are excellent, the characters brilliantly designed and the visuals are outstanding (pretty much what we've come to expect from Supergiant games after Bastion). The combat is clever and good fun... but not ultimately what you keep coming back for.And therein lies the one downside... the story is a bit short. It's not the fastest game to get into, and by the time you're hooked and going ""hey, y'know what... this is getting pretty good"" - It's actually drawing to a close. Slight shame, but still 10 very worthwhile hours (There is technically newgame+, but that has less appeal for me)On the plus-side, at least the enemies also get stronger in NG+, so it's not like Bastion where you replay and just stomp everything flat with super-powered weapons. If you like the combat and challenge, that at least continues to deliver through the second iteration.The combat itself is refreshingly unique. It's essentially about using Fallout-esque 'planning' time to compile devestating combos - combining strategy to an otherwise innocuous hack-and-slash. Throughout the game you acquire 'functions' which can basically be applied in one of three ways... as a 'move', to provide an added-effect to a move, or to apply a passive bonus. Bear in mind, you can only apply a function once and are limited to how many are in play - so there's a lot of variety to be had. You're encouraged to try out different combos (by unlocking backstory as you do) and the game is thankfully forgiving enough to let you experiment (i.e. there is no single 'correct' combo). It's fun enough but, as mentioned before, only goes so far in keeping the game interesting.The gem is really the narrator again. Combining authorititive guidance with human touches of humour, emotion and vulnerability; it adds warmth to an otherwise (intentionally) structured, robotic setting. The part where he's spaced out is particularly entertaining (I lost it at ""hey... that's not a bike..."" and was too busy chuckling to realise I was dangerously low on HP).If you enjoyed the experience of Bastion (not just the gameplay) - This should be well worth checking out"
,Recommended,237930,29904332,Posted: 13 February,all,Lady Santa,"Transistor is a good game, and it is worth playing. I beat it in around ~5 hours.It is truly beautiful, both for the ears, and for the eyes. It really sucks you into a fantastic looking world, that leaves you silently thinking back on it once you've finished it. Artistically, the game is amazing.However, the combat is just average. It's interesting, and kind of unique, mixing real time combat with some turn based element (being able to freeze everything to plan a move), but it gets repetitive, as the enemies don't feel that varied, and you end up mostly running in circles while your action bar is recharging. Also, you often have to wait a few seconds extra after each fight is done just so one of your skills comes off cool down, so that you can grab the monster EXP that's shield protected. If there were more fights like the final boss, it would feel more rewarding to play it.The story is vaguely interesting, and unique - but not thrilling.I feel that if the combat and story were just a bit better, the game would be a masterpiece, instead of simply being a good game.Still, Transistor is a unique experience that is worth living :steamhappy:"
,Recommended,237930,24333571,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,gpolig,"tldr I  cant recommend enough both bastion and transistor-they are @ 80% off for the weekend and they re  a steal for that price---I just finished transistor twice, and i loved it-fantastic art awesome soundtrack and unique setting--it feels alot like its bastions dark alter ego.at first mechanics may seem bit strange, but make sense after a while.sidenote- achievements in both games are very fun and challenging and actually add to the experience- so dont rush these games, do your 2 playthroughs (you retain level and gear for the 2nd) ) and  grab them all--PS i used controller so i have no idea how they play with k/b + mouse"
,Recommended,237930,24996049,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,나는 엉덩이를 좋아한다,"Well... I'm not very good at writing reviews, but here we go...When had my first touch with Transistor i already heard some good reviews about this game. But when i started to play, and i was going deeper and deeper, i knew that this game deserve for those good opinions.But let's start from the begining. Transistor is a typical arkade RPG, where we will try to find a previous users of the sword (Transistor) and try to discover the true Transistor's destiny. To do that we will have to defeat a whole armies of enemies which we will have to stand and fight with them. Yeah, fight system in this game is just great! We have a lot of various skills that we can combine with each other to gain a brand new skill! Isn't it just great? But let's go forward. Through the game i have made a lot of screen shots, more than i'm usualy making during a game, becouse this game have an awesome audiovisual layer, it's more like an art not a game. I love the songs composed by Darren Korb and Ashleu Barrett it just fit great in the game, i literaly can lisen a soundtrack a whole hours. The storyline is also a strong part of Transisotr, i remember that when i was finishing the game it felt like - WHAT? WHAAAT? Wow, this game is awesome!Well... after all, do i recomend the game? Definitly - yes! One of my fav game so far. 10/10"
,Recommended,237930,19415393,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Ash,"This game was an unbelievably vast piece of coolness at first, and quietly escalated to an emotional blast throughout the process.Narrator sounds like a piece of perfect bacon telling how it was sweetly grilled. Music was good, the kinds that made me jealous, which by the end, becomes something so strong that it has its own voice, watches you play, takes care of the characters.No need to describe the graphics with words. You heard of it. You can see it for yourself. All of the elements are so tremendously glued together that even thinking about there were these talented human beans working in a small team makes me want to bang my head to the wall because apparently I've been living in hell."
76561198005906069,Recommended,237930,10460859,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Power Of Syndra,"Amazing game with a wonderful and sad story, great graphics, music and fun gameplay with tons of replay value!+ A beautiful drawn world that shows how poetic a digital world can be+ Millions of weapon combinations+ Red <3+ Narration feels personal+ Lovely / tragic ending+ Amazing musicIt is still so fun to play, even after many playthroughs."
,Recommended,237930,12702011,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Supahracist69,"One of the most innovate and amazing games I've played in a while, just amazing."
,Recommended,237930,33801456,Posted: 25 July,all,Carnival.Corpse,"It's not just a game; it's 'the' game. It's not just like any other games folks; it's a damn fine art, crafted by the master artists who goes by the name of SuperGiant Games.Get ready to drown in the melancholic journey of Red - the 'voiceless' singer & also, our protagonist as she desperately tries to unveil the secret that pushed the city of CloudBank - an imaginary utopia to its extinction.Let it be the gameplay, or the story, or the narration, or the music, or the visuals, or whatever it is; when you push every element to the perfection, you get ""Transistor""."
,Recommended,237930,31527906,Posted: 3 May,all,JSR <Jonu>,"Transistor - ReviewAt this moment where I write the review here I played around 6-7 hours and overall I think the game is awesome. I bought it for 4,74€ in a sale and for this price it's really good in my opinion, but for 18,99€ I probably wouldn't buy it.Here are some points that I liked, but also disliked:+Characters; There are not that many characters in the game, but those who are in the game are extremely well done.+Story; Really enthralling story. At the beginning a little bit confusing, but the more you're playing the more you will like it.+Atmosphere; Really atmospheric game. If you start the game you are literally absorbed in the world of Transistor.+Graphics; The game looks stunning. Really nice art style.+Sound; Probably the strongest point. The sound is just incredible.+Gameplay; Kinda like League of Legends. For me, it was something fresh and I enjoyed it.~World; Pretty linear gameplay so the world is relatively small.-Pretty short; I completed it in around 6 hours.Overall the game is worth a recommendation, but for me it's a little bit to expensive (18,99€), because of just 6 to 7 hours ingame experience. I would probably wait for a sale and then buy it."
,Recommended,237930,12333810,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,DrAcid,"It's hard not to fall in love with Supergian's games. Transistor is one of them.Stunning visual art style, charming music, inventive combat, original mechanics!Great buy, one of the best games this year!P.S.(Check out the soundtrack!!)"
,Recommended,237930,10942738,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Gian Lorenzo Bernini,"Supergiant Games is back to challenge anybody who thinks this medium isn't ready to be called art.This is a beautiful, engrossing game. The oversaturated, colorful art style combined with the ethereal soundtrack provide an incredible feel for the game.The art is incredibly colorful, ranging from extremely warm to extremely cool, and it's all hand-painted. The ""cutscenes"" (if you can refer to them as that) are incredibly beautiful, and prompted me to take several screenshots in order to preserve them. Red's character design is excellent, and the enemy models and city are both really creative and interesting. A lot of cyberpunk art is cool, hard, metallic; you don't see that here. There's a lot of blur, a lot of soft edges, a ton of bloom. It's a game bursting with color.If you've read any of my other reviews, you already know that music and sound design play a big part in shaping the experience for me. This game has both in spades. The excellent soundtrack ranges from jazzy and uptempo, to soft and bluesy, to straight downtempo ambient. The sound design is utterly phenomenal. When paused, the game continues playing the background music, but at a slower tempo, and muffled, as if  it were being played inside a car next to you with all of the windows and doors sealed tightly. Click out of the game's window, and you get a very quiet, bassy hum in the background. I've got the game paused in another window as I type this review, and I feel the quiet bass rattling on and off in the cans even now. It's a really phenomenal effect. Whoever worked sound on this title definitely earned their wages.There's also an extremely simple, yet very likeable feature that causes Red to hum along to the background music merely by holding down a button. This is just as simple as it sounds, yet I found myself sitting for minutes on end with the left bumper on my controller compressed; mesmerized and staring into my screen as my focus slowly deteriorated.I feel like I'm floating in a hot tub while on drugs when I play Transistor. It's that kind of game.As someone with an overclocked 1440p display the lone criticism I have with the game is the lack of 1440p support, but this qualm is rendered moot by the fact that these are hand-painted designs. It's difficult to justify creating these designs with a 1440p resolution in mind considering how small of a userbase it is, so I can forgive Supergiant for locking the display at 1080p. That's what the art looks best at, and I experienced the game at this resolution in windowed mode.It has a voice acting schtick similar to the narrator in Bastion, though in Transistor it takes the form of a speaking sword rather than a narrator. So if you liked that kind of thing in Bastion, you'll like it here. The voice acting is very well-done, but it rubs me a bit wrongly; about half of the lines feel like they're jammed into the game in a very hamfisted manner. I seem to be the only one who felt that way about Bastion, though, so take this criticism of Transistor for what it's worth.The core gameplay is your basic isometric action RPG stuff with a couple of neat concepts thrown in. The ability to pause the game and plot out your next actions -- which happen extremely quickly and automatically once you unpause -- is a key aspect in what keeps the combat from becoming a bit stale. There were plenty of times when I felt I didn't have enough control over where my attacks were headed. Certain ""functions"", as the game calls your attacking skills, felt like they were a bit too hard to properly line up, and as a result I frequently missed some enemies I should have been hitting. But the nifty pausing function takes care of most of it, and it looks really cool. It makes you feel like the badass that Red is supposed to be.The other thing I really liked, and the thing that kept me playing most, was the ability to junction functions into each other in order to modify their actions. You have a set amount of function attack and actions and only four slots in which to place them. Each function has an active ability that becomes usable when placed, but they also have a specific modifying ability when junctioned into another active function. This all seems complicated when I write it out, but it's really fairly easy to understand in the game; no tutorial is really necessary after a few minutes of tinkering with it. The combinations are almost literally endless, and I found myself constantly resetting them in order to try new ones. It really adds some meat and some depth to a game that I felt would have easily succeeded on its artistic merits without these systems.In conclusion, I'd say this game is worth a few hours of play simply for the art style and the soundtrack. But the neat combat and function features here will keep you coming back for far longer than that. This is a very worthwhile experience and Supergiant Games continues to offer some really unique, polished, artistic gaming experiences."
,Recommended,237930,12039664,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Masulsa,"This game is just terrific. One of the best soundtracks I have listened, great gameplay, amazing story (nearly made me cry at the end).If you didn't buy this game YET, you are missing a lot."
,Recommended,237930,13455789,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Allison! [deaf],"Reviews for the Deaf and Hard of HearingFor Deaf/hoh gamers, I rate this game a 10/10!Overall GameSupergiant knocked it out of the park again.  In Transistor, you play as Red, a lady whose voice was stolen by a group who intended to kill her.  Obviously that's a bit odd, but the game takes place inside of a computer-ish environment.  Telling more would be giving things away for those who, for some reason, have yet to play it.Since this review is largely oriented toward acciessibility for deaf/hoh gamers, I will stop there and just say that it is a great game with a great story that has significant replay value both in terms of further understanding the story and additional challenges, as the game gets harder on additional playthroughs.My overall rating for gameplay experience is 10/10. :DGeneral AccessibilityThis game has been called semi-isometric.  Basically, you control Red in an angled-down view using WASD, Q for a 'flourish,' and the number keys 1-4.  In place of WASD, you can left click to have Red go somewhere.For mobility-related issues, you have the option of keyboard/mouse OR a controller, and the game can realistically be played using real-time combat and the Turn() function or just through Turn(), though it is slightly harder, since the enemies will still attack outside of your Turn() actions.  Further, all keys can be rebound.Turn() basically pauses combat so that you can plan and execute an attack using 'movement points.'For overall accessibility, I give Transistor a 10/10.Subtitles & CaptionsTransistor starts with subtitles turned off, so make sure you enable them before playing.  As the game has no opening cinematics prior to the start menu, you will not miss any of the story.Subtitles appear at the top of the screen in very large, clear, outlined text.  No concerns with white-on-white or otherwise unreadable subtitles.  Further, subs are colored according to who is talking and images accompany the voices to indicate the speaker.  In scenes with multiple speakers, nobody is shown actually talking on screen, so there are no concerns with differentiating on-screen vs off-screen subtitles.Although I was confused when I first started playing, when you see off-white captions with no indication of the speaker, pay attention to the sword glowing.  Since Red has no voice, the sword is the speaker, and it acts as a narrator-in-being in the game, pushing the story along by talking to Red.Red actually uses the OVC terminals to talk back to the sword via typing, so you can consider that a shoutout to TTYs or using text/notepad on a smartphone to communicate.For its effective use of subtitles that leaves no confusion about the speaker or the story, I rate this category a 10/10.Chatting/CommunicatingTransistor is a single-player game.  No chatting or voice comms exist.No rating!"
,Recommended,237930,12002813,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Akka,"I feel like I just started this game and it's already over. Not because it was a magical journey full of adventure but because it was so short and I saw so little. Most of the gameplay was in the little sandbox area with the progressively more difficult challenges. Carries a lot of the more subtle aspects from Bastion (one chocolate velvet voice talks to you, similar artstyle and music, similar storytelling mechanics). The narration is a bit more creepy though since it's your sword talking and it's hitting on you, not even in an overtly hilarious machismo way either. Imagine swinging groose around as he yelled ""THE GROOSE IS LOOSE""  and other hilarious one liners while you pummeled your enemies. Also the protagonist needed to be more attractive. You can't depict a futuristic pop idol without making her look F-I-N-E, but the devs were probably ♥♥♥♥♥whipped into making her look normal as to not offend the types of idiots who get pissy at spiderman alt cover comics.Gameplay. Isometric hack and slash with an ever increasing number of attacks and methods for combining aspects of said attacks with others. Difficulty enables you to make the enemies arbitrarily more challenging to dispatch (rewarding you with more exp). This part was wonderful in that you weren't constantly just using the one newly acquired better-than-what-you-had-before weapon like in Bastion (you would pretty much never want to use the early weps end game but here they're still useful in tandem with other weapons).It's pretty good but there's an underlying tone that has me wanting to avoid starting this game up. Once it's going I naturally progress but just starting it is so trying."
,Recommended,237930,12759210,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Idanwin [SLUG],"A deserving follow-up to ""Bastion"",The storytelling is sublime once again.I really love the cyberpunk setting and computer references as a geek & programmer."
,Recommended,237930,10712125,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Dazorc // :3,"The worst thing you can say about Transistor is that it leaves you both melancholy and wanting more.  This game is a gem that is artful and entertaining with both challenge and diversity presented to you.  I did not regret getting it at full price and if you're still on the fence, you should not hesitate to get it when its on sale!"
76561198031627780,Recommended,237930,10653825,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Mordachai,"So, the most asked question first - Is this Bastion 2? Absolutely not!Transistor has a few things in common with Bastion - Great voiceover, compelling world and story that reveals itself through the narrative, the solitude of the main character, interesting art style and unique enemies and the combat is similar (yet at the same time completely different).Transistor is beautiful (if you like this animation style), the music of the game is simply fantastic and the story flows well towards the inevitable conclution. The fighting is innovative and clever and makes you want to try out all the combinations.The game is not without flaws though - it is highly linear and constantly pushes you through the quite short story arc. Exploration is not really present so if you want to rush through the game you can do so quite fast.Is the game worth buying? Yes! Especially for the price point of this game I highly recommend it!"
76561197998530793,Recommended,237930,34668351,Posted: 1 September,all,Ghost,"Another great product from the people who brought us Bastion. In a way, Transistor is very similar, Action RPG, leveling up, etc... but there is a twist. You can chose to play the game in real time or chose to chain your attacks by pushing the trigger button. Now this where things become interesting. Each attack has a special attribute such as get, void, cul, etc... by combining these in your layout you can have an attack which hits the ennemy, brings him close then you can finish him off with another attack. It takes a little bit of time to find the proper combination but, once done, you can dish devastating attacks. The graphics are good, nothing fancy and the story is very deep. One thing though for owners of nvidia surround, the game is not overly friendly with that. You can input a starting command in steam but the other screens do not show anything. Even with that issue, I would still highly recommend this game. I did 3 playthrough and enjoyed all the challenges and was able to get all the achievements"
,Recommended,237930,35010309,Posted: 16 September,all,SirKarp,"A fantastic game with fun combat, mysterious story, beautiful artstyle, and lovely soundtrack. A very unique experience."
,Recommended,237930,11426676,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,fenster,"Transistor is a game developed by Supergiant Games, who are well known for their stylistic action game Bastion.  Transistor definitely borrows from Bastion's strongest suits; notably it is brilliantly compsed and absolutely beautiful.  The story is extremely esoteric (certainly moreso than Bastion), but not unsatisifying.Where it differs from Bastion is mostly in gameplay; Transistor still is still an action/RPG where you traverse levels, attack bad guys, and level up, but the game plays much slower almost as a strategy game would.  Enemy encounters are isolated and you can use a ""Turn"" to essentially stop time and plan out your attacks, which will then carry out in nearly zero time.  Just like Bastion, you're offered a plethora of ways to deal with enemies.  Instead of weapons, you use ""functions"", which are essentially castable spells and abilities   Each ability can combo with other abilities to alter them, or can be used in a passive slot to provide a permanent buff.The result is an insane amount of combinations, and you are incentivied to explore them because using abilities in different ways unlocks more information about the story and the characters which are a part of it.  In Bastion I found myself finding a weapon that I really liked and sticking with it for the rest of the game (even though many weapons are equally viable).  The story mechanic in Transistor subtlely pushes you to try different combinations, and in doing so, you often stumble into even better combinations that you probably wouldn't have realized existed otherwise.All in all, I highly recommend Transistor.  Most fans of Bastion should enjoy it -- although the amazing art and music is immediately noticable, it is definitely a slower burn in terms of gameplay and the early parts of the game take a little while to get into.  As more abilities and the true nature of the game unveils itself though, it is very well executed and an absolute joy."
,Recommended,237930,28548176,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,aggin,"The soundtrack in this game is an absolute masterpiece, very good game i would reccomend to most people"
76561198061224119,Not Recommended,237930,32704236,Posted: 23 June,all,Jhuliancard,"This is a gorgeous game. The soundtrack is amazing, the atmosphere while playing is great. Just based on the overall setting created by SuperGiant Games it truly is a 10/10.ButThe fighting system is far from what I like. I do not feel a flow while fighting at all. You have your ""per turn energy"" and are afterwards faced with a cooldown during which you can not do anything but running away and hiding. That means that fights can take quite some time - which would be great if the fighting system itself would be thrilling but it simply is not.Attack, run. Attack, run. It is boring, it does not get you in a rush, it does not suck you in. It does not serve the game a great purpose. I would be OK with just running around in the beautiful world of Transistor and listening to the story that is being told while the awesome music plays in the backround. The fighting is distracting. It does not feel good to me.I really want to like this game, but it simply does not give me a good reason to like it.Also I heavily dislike the decision of the developers to make it so that you lose an ability upon ""dying"". It can be repaired but that basically requires you to fight twice without said ability which means that the fights can or rather will get way worse to play. Dependent on which ability you are losing it can literally ♥♥♥♥ up your fighting so bad, that you might just want to stop playing.The story might be set up in one of the best ways possible but it is not explained at all to you in the beginning. You get thrown right into the action and the pronoun game begins. ""THEY want..."" ""THEY are coming..."" The story is not told with any definitive words. This really annoyed me after some time and also did not suck me into the storytelling. The means by which the story is told are still amazing, but the way the story itself is told is just not good.The game really has a relaxing factor to it. The world you are moving in is beautiful. The soundtrack might be the best I have ever heard while playing a game. The creative effort of the developers can be seen and is astounding.But the core mechanics of the game are either not fun or stupid. Fights never feel smooth and losing abilities is worsening the entire system even more.All in all the game is a sold 10/10 in presentation of its content while being a 3/10 in everything else.That is just my two cents on the whole thing, I guess you can totally check it out for yourself to get amazed by the gorgeous way Transistor is abled to show its story to the player. But it totally is not worth the 20 bucks."
76561198074870847,Recommended,237930,28949423,Posted: 2 January,all,Bourbon,Played for a while and found myself in an artpiece.- Good artwork- Deep and sometimes confusing story- Refreshing gameplay- Leveling was not really engagingAll in all its a great game to play(and it's cheap)
,Recommended,237930,10204825,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Emily,"This game surprised me to hell and back. Seriously.Word of Note: At the time of writing, I have not beaten the game. This ""Review"" is more of a ""First Impressions"" than a proper review, so please keep in mind that the game may have a few more surprises down the line that may completely change the gameplay or atleast alter it drastically! Review will be updated accordingly after I beat the game if anything new pops up.*I also won't summarize the Premise of the Game's Story as the game itself starts you out completely in the Blank and shows you what happened.Visual-wise, pretty dang amazing, albeit a few scaling issues with buildings and such. This game is the epitome of low-poly modeling and hand painted textures. The enemy models and landscapes are very simple looking as far as modeling goes, but the assets/textures used on everything gives the world life even if the places are deserted, it invokes a tone of lonelyness and helps you figure out somewhat, what exactly happened that there's not a single soul around. When Red moves around and drags the Transistor (Sword) it leaves a trail on the ground that disappears shortly after, but helps mark direction, additionally, some moves can leave holes in the ground depending, and won't disappear until it's replaced by the same ""break' textures elsewhere. Enemies themselves are presented as robotic creatures and are reminiscent of Kingdom Heart's Nobodies in that same way - as creatures sent to hunt your player character, but are mindless in nature.The Soundtrack is also quite a treat! Boasting pretty impressive Lyrical compositions that gives it a bit of a Noire feeling and are pretty well varied. Additionally, Red can hum alongside any given track, effectively making a sort of ""remix"" to that particular song. Soundwork is also pretty well done, the Transistor does it's charging noises, it clings and clangs when slamed unto the ground, there's a subtle noise for steps, for the trail the sword leaves and enemies make their odd creature like noises when they're going after you. Voices are also excellently done. Red doesn't speak, but you can hear her sing in some flashbacks, the Transistor also serves as a sort of narrator to help divulge neat little extras. Something the game does, that I really dig, is that the way he speaks to Red, sort of feels like he's talking to the player aswell, giving it a 4th wall kinda feeling. It's all amazing.The game also fares pretty well, if a little slow and methodical. This is the part that may make or break the game for a lot of people, for sure. Red moves VERY slow, it's done on purpose though, as areas in general are subdivided via ""zones"" and they aren't very large in scale either. The game's Battle Structuring is simple, but feels a tad linear in execution (atleast at the start) where enemies ambush you in certain parts of a Zone but won't respawn after a battle ends and you walk back into the area.Combat is where the gameplay really shines. The battles play out sort of like Crisis Core, once you enter combat mode, you're trapped inside the zone until enemies are defeated. Enemies will be mercilessly going after you, and you have just the one Health Bar to tide you over the entire battle, if your health bar depletes, you will lose a ""Function"" instead of dying.During combat, your attacks depend solely on the Functions you have picked out and set up. Each function, obtained either through finding people that died or leveling has multiple functions. This gives the game a LOT of depth as far as building your character goes. You have 4 main slots to assign a Function too, and those slots have 2 extra slots that you can assign more functions to to power up that function - * * * example: You can have a function that shoots out grenade like particles in an area, you have another function that, by itself, creates a bomb in place that needs to be self detonated, however, you can add that function to the previously mentioned function to add, let's say explosive attributes which come via the way of damage buffs, range buffs, etc * * * You can continously build more and more powerful functions to use to kill your foes, move faster, avoid attacks while dealing damage, etc, there's I believe, TONS of ways to build the character you want and fight the way you want.When fighting, the Combat Areas have little grey squares, these serve as your main method of avoiding attacks. You can destroy these squares yourself or the enemy can. During Major Boss battles, this is very important to keep track of, as bosses can deal a TON of damage and are very patternized. You also have the ""Turn"" Command, which freezes the entire battle field and let's you plan out attacks ahead of time, this can also be used to avoid attacks. The Turn command works via a queing system - Imagine you have a time slider and you're editing it with the stuff you want Red to do, wether it is move away or closer to an enemy, use specific Functions to continously attack an enemy, avoid an enemy, or both. It is, however, not 100% accurate, as while you're in turn mode you continously set Red to Attack the enemy in a specific area, but the enemy CAN still move when combat resumes and avoid your attacks, thus giving the combat a ton of strategic aspects to it. Turn mode is balanced due to the way you're forced to wait until the turn slider returns to normal, when you deplete the Turn Bar, you CANNOT attack or use any function, so keep that in mind always, and don't use Turn Mode haphazardly as it can leave you VERY vulnerable after usage.Pros:+Amazing Soundtrack+Amazing Hand Painted/Digital looking world+Amazing looking Particle effects to compliment the already awesome looking world+Expansive and Deep ""Functions"" System+Amazing Voice Work and Sound Effects.+Surprisingly deep combat with a large strategic element to it.+Communicates it's Atmosphere amazingly.+Great enemy designs help the atmosphere even further.+Surprisingly well designed and written Main Character.Cons-Minor Scaling issues with Buildings and structures-Red moves a little methodical and slow-Combat Structure feels a little linear (At time of Writing)"
,Recommended,237930,12765428,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Sesquipedaliac,Transistor? I hardly knew 'er!
,Recommended,237930,13070628,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Th4ts_iT,"Transistor...The next perfect game by Supergiant Games.This time the developers put some more effort into the gameplay than in the story I personally think, but that's no problem at all! Maybe I shouldn't even compare Bastion and Transistor because Supergiant Games might wanted do something different... Anyways.You start right away in middle of the game and the story. The setting is a Sci-Fi world, more precisely I guess it's something like an online world.In Transistor you experience the story chronologically. In the beginning there are some minor gaps, which get filled soon. The story catches you and you want to know what happens next. Nevertheless, to be honest I have to say that I liked the story of Bastion better but the story of this game is not bad at all!The gameplay is quite cool. Transistor's gameplay contain some nice features that underline the story and the atmosphere. That includes electing something on a terminal or some breaks for the protagonist. These breaks are implemented as beautiful pictures.What I liked the most is the combat system.Time to time you get more attacks and can combine these like you want. This mixing provides a great variety to fighting in Transistor. Also, there is a ""plan mode"" in which you can plan moves and then perform then fast. That looks very cool and is fun too.Lastly, you can, as well as in Bastion, increase the difficulty on your own.Supergiant Games games always catch you with their atmosphere so I didn't write anything about the atmosphere here.Okay, I can not write this review without mentioning Darren Korb and his great job on composing marvellous songs for this game. The music matches perfectly to the game and is an essential part of it, just like in Bastion.I come to the conclusion that Transistor is another awesome game by Supergiant Games. It's a perfect game that doesn't need improvements at all! If you liked Bastion or you want to play something different but brilliant buy Transistor now!"
,Recommended,237930,12036534,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Em,"Oh, Transistor.I went into this game assuming it was, like so many have said, a mere 6 hour jaunt. The impression often given is that that's all there is to Transistor; sure, it's visually and musically stunning, and its narrative is engaging, but ultimately many will say that 6 hours (give or take an hour) is all there is to it. I disagree, and not just because subjective, arbitrarily determined gameplay durations are generally a poor gauge of quality game content in the first place.My first playthrough took me about 11 hours, 12 if you count my various AFK'ing and tabbing out pauses. However, I didn't just play through the story from start to finish. I completed the extra challenge ""tests"" that introduced me to abilities I may not have realized were useful otherwise; I explored every area, read news terminals, and unlocked some of the additional ""function"" (ability) file details. All of these served to greatly expand my understanding of the game's setting and characters. It is this that gets me to the point of my review. There is more to Transistor than just the story that's on the surface. Just getting to the ""end"" of the game will not give you an explicit understanding of its story.Meticulously placed throughout the beautiful environments, the well-voiced dialogue, the amazing music -- even some of the function names -- are subtle hints, easter eggs, and pointers to details about the game's setting, story and characters that are often not addressed directly anywhere else. This game is very much about (subtly) showing you, NOT outright telling you. Days after I had first beaten the game, I was still going through my screenshots, still pondering the meaning behind some of the music's lyrics, and still reading others' interpretations. This was all in an attempt to absorb more of what the game has to offer, to gain even more insight into perhaps the best, most enjoyable and satisfying aspect of the game for me -- what was NOT said, what was NOT blatantly pointed out, and was instead left there for me to find on my own or to speculate about later. And my second playthrough... well. I don't think I've ever jumped right back into a game for a new playthrough so soon after finishing it. And then even the fact that the game's ""new game+"" option was instead referred to as a ""recursion"" turned out to have some significance.So yes, the game's art style is gorgeous. Its soundtrack is one of the best game soundtracks I've ever listened to. Its combat system is intricate and greatly rewards planning ahead and experimenting. It is all of these things, and you can go through a straight start-to-finish playthrough and enjoy every bit of that. But if you're the type of player who likes to ask a lot of questions about the specifics of a game's plot or characters, who isn't always merely satisfied with the obvious, and who appreciates a game that lets you connect some of the dots on your own, you'll very likely get even more out of Transistor than you thought you would.P.S.: Yes, the soundtrack is absolutely worth purchasing. Do it!"
76561197993059924,Recommended,237930,25664696,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Conquerer1,"The Transistor is a story about love, melancholy and genuine grief. It's about a man and a woman who are in love, and who readily sacrifice for their feelings. This is immensely appealing. If you are looking for an escape to a dark and gloomy world, which can suprisingly be also dangerously calm and rumanitive, then you might have just found your thing. Highly recommended.4/5"
,Recommended,237930,34078061,Posted: 7 August,all,Complex Nutmeat,"++  Artwork is beautiful.++  Soundtrack is amazing.++  That final boss fight.  All the boss fights are pretty satisfying, actually.+  Program mechanics (how each one can be a base or a modifier) was surprisingly more complex than I had expected.+  Challenge rooms are completely optional and mostly challenging.+/-  Storytelling is a little slow, but I think it fits the game's theme.-  Not that long of a game, 7 hours, I think it took me the first time, but you can Recourse™ as a new game+.-  While there are plenty of enemy types, the standard engagements started to feel a little too similar after a while.Some times, after a particularly difficult fight, it's good to just hold Tab and hear Red hum, at least, I think so."
76561198116800401,Recommended,237930,13820929,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Hackdeen,"Wow.So I could tell tales of Redheads and SwordsOr wax lyrical over the emotional rewardsthat come from applying a little persistenceto bolster this protagonist's resistanceagainst the Camerata whos agenda rangesbutWhen everything changes, nothing changesSo heft your blade, square shoulders and tear your dressAs there are plenty of Process left to derezzin a land solely - I know this sounds familiarBut this is not BastionWelcome to TransistorWhere thieves steal things more precious than wealththey pick and choose items intrinsic to selfSoPrepare yourself as you maybe affectedAs Supergiant! appear to have storytelling perfected"
,Recommended,237930,22794726,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,The Gemsbok,"This analysis essay criticizes the vagueness of the plot and character details in Supergiant Games' otherwise magnificent gameTransistor.[. . .] It would be boring for me to simply say that Supergiant Games'Transistoris a gorgeous-looking, wonderfully designed, mechanically fun, and brilliantly soundtracked title, even though all of that is true. It would be less boring, I feel, to discuss the one area of the game that I am inclined to critique:Transistor's plot. [. . .][Click here to continue reading this article]"
,Recommended,237930,30611154,Posted: 19 March,all,JerechoNC,"This is one of those very few ""must have"" games. everyone should play transistor. fantastic!"
76561197993638844,Recommended,237930,14343294,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Bimbrownikus,"It's like playing in well-written, beautiful-painted and colorful anime with astonishing soundtrack.And really smart battle mode.And tentacles.Approve."
,Recommended,237930,13187950,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,gR!m,I really enjoyed this game. Its a piece of art.
,Not Recommended,237930,33314674,Posted: 6 July,all,Ignatius J. Reilly,"Game might be the best example of style over substance I've ever come across. While every aspect of visual and audio is excellent, the rest of the game is incrdibly limited in scope. Beyond the slick presentation what you're really getting is a mediocre action-RPG and not much more than that. It's a pseudo real-time/turn-based system that quickly turns dull.The combat revolves around making sure you're out of harms way while you wait for your turn meter to recharge, then when you have it back, making sure to do the most damage possible. The hurry up and wait didn't really appeal to me, and I found it more frustrating than anything. There's defeinitely some tactical consideration in terms of positioning, and skill usage, but not enough to make up for the combat's overall repetetive nature. And this is a problem, becuase the game basically boils down to room by room clearing, each with either a fight or a small story point. Starts to feel very predictable. They crucified FFXIII for this same corridor-like design, so I don't know how Transistor gets away with it...I've given this game a solid shot, restarting twice, and every time I beat the first boss, my desire to continue completely disolves. Oh well. I think for me, there are far better options when it comes to ARPGs, so I don't see any reason to bother with this one, despite it's stellar presentation."
,Not Recommended,237930,15277604,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,The Deuce,"It isn't fun.Don't mince words with any junk about how it made you cry. Don't waste your time singing the praises of a video game because of its art or its music or (god help you) its story.The movement is slow and clunky. Pretty much every attack option leaves you wide open to enemy fire (your enemies suffer no such restrictions, of course).The idea is that you're going to freeze time and belt out a series of attacks, but every time you do that it stops being an action RPG and becomes a plain old RPG. After freezing time, you can only attack out of Turn with the aid of upgrades (for individual moves), so your choices are to be effective in combat or to be involved in the combat, basically.There's some genuinely cool ideas. No one's going to deny that. Combining all your moves to give them cool side-effects is really nifty, the setting is fascinating (and ties directly into the gameplay) and there's real merit to blending strategy with action like this. But it all sort of falls flat on its face with how uninvolved it is.All Transistor needed was a couple more mobile attacks, the sort of thing you can use on the move or that doesn't slow you down massively, and a dodge roll.♥♥♥♥♥♥that gives you REAL options when you don't want to use Turn.It put in a flourish and a sing-song button instead.Make of that what you will."
76561198025148836,Not Recommended,237930,28729558,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Aurelius,"After playing and loving Bastion, I had high hopes for Transistor.  Unfortunately, several glaring issues wth the gameplay just kept me from enjoying the game.  The story seems fine, if rather tough to piece together, so I will not cover that here.Obviously Transistor will be compared to Bastion, so I will do that as well.  The pros to Bastion's gameplay are-Wide range of weapons that can be used in combinations for different playstyles-Upgrade system that adds noticable benefits to both your character and his weapons-Strong core gameplay (dodging, blocking, attacking, etc.) that rewards skill and timing and prevents overreliance on healing items-No unnecessarily punishing elements (i.e. undodgeable/unblockable attacks), so deaths are almost always your faultTransistor on the other hand, seems to go directly against what worked in Bastion for core gameplay.-No natural block or dodge ability (aside from the teleport dash and invisibility functions), so there is no way to mitigate damage-Slow-moving character that tends to get caught on obstacles, exacerbated by the lack of a natural dodge-No healing aside from a late-game function, so some fights become battles of attrition-Several enemies whose attacks are unavoidable (dogs, creeps, jerks), even with the aforementioned functions, so fights involving these enemies are unnecessarily punishing-Environments that offer little room for maneuveringAll of this combined results in a gameplay experience that is a chore to endure, particularly later on when high-health enemies with unavoidable attacks appear in numbers.  The teleport dash function can help, but even when dashing away in a straight line enemies can still catch and damage you.  And the environments' cramped design means that you end up dashing in circles trailing enemies that keep picking away at your health in between dashes.  Fights become a race to see if you can kill these enemies before you lose a critical function.It is a shame that I could not enjoy the game due to these awful design choices.  The function system is an intriguing feature with great depth that could have enabled a wide range of playstyles.  Unfortunately the poorly-designed basic  gameplay means that this system cannot be used to its full potential."
,Recommended,237930,14354651,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,kaijuice,Dude constantly talking to me. I think he might be a no-life.
,Recommended,237930,29590294,Posted: 30 January,all,Repaim,"This game is awsome!Pro's and Con's+ Dynamic and challenging Gameplay+ Great Soundtrack+ Level Designing+SandboxCharacter Development+ Interesting Story+ Atmospheric+ Replayable- Quite hard to get into the Story-Canbe a bit frustrating at some Points- Quite short StoryOverall Rating: 9/10ConclusionThe game is worth the money in my opinon. I really enjoyed everything about it. It was a special experience and I am sad, that it's such a short game.Note: To get all trophys, you must play through the whole game at least twice."
,Recommended,237930,13067193,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,xMarshiMadnessx,I really enjoy the game. I like to roam around the area looking at the scenery. I really love the music and story line. There should be more games like this.
,Recommended,237930,13313647,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,RemyLabue,"The age-old argument as to whether games can be justly referred to as art has already been won, and any gamer would defend the industry in that respect. However, it's always nice to see games release that further enforce that ideal, and no other game released in 2014 embraces that ideal more than Transistor. Supergiant hit it out of the park with this title, and once again proved that games can be more than just pure entertainment. They can challenge us intellectually and philosophically. They can inspire spiritual debates, and even make us question our own existence as much as any other medium can, and in some cases, even more so.On its surface, Transistor is a game about survival and revenge. Surviving the coming onslaught of the Process, a mindless virus destroying the virtual world of Cloudbank, and avenging the loss of your voice, not to mention the death of your one true love. Peel back that layer however, and just like any other great work of art, there are many more layers to be discovered. The depth and careful attention to detail in this masterpiece is there for those who pay attention, and if they do, they will experience something truly spectacular that will change the way they approach video games in the future.As the name suggests, Cloudbank is a virtual city, one ruled by its citizens. Just like any other city, there are scientists, musicians, artists, and sports players. All significant decisions that affect the citizens are put to a vote at kiosks. Changes in aesthetics, buildings, weather, even the color of the sky itself, are all decided in this manner. This is an issue for a handful of usurpers scheming in the shadows however, claiming with conviction, that when everything changes, nothing changes.You play as Red, a famous musician in Cloudbank, who unfortunately for her, is also a popular voice in the social hierarchy of the city. It seems that there is a group of people who are unhappy with the current state of Cloudbank, and they want to change it, by resetting it. The Camerata, as they call themselves, seek out the popular voices to assimilate them into a Transistor so that they can give the citizens what they don't even know they want. This will be useful once the Process finishes destroying the current version of the city, and the Camerata take control of version 2.0. Of course, this brings about interesting questions concerning what the collective thinks versus the individual, and the merits of socialism.The Camerata's plans hit a snag when Red's lover sacrifices himself to protect her, which results in the terrorist group losing the Transistor. Thus, the primary weapon of the enemy becomes a tool of self expression for Red, something a mute desperately needs. With it, Red is able to collect the consciousness of citizens who have already fallen victim to the Process, and unlock Functions for her to use to protect herself from the same fate.These Functions are the foundation of the attack system. Each one has a primary attack, secondary attack, and a passive attribute to be strategically utilized in battle. Combining them in different ways provides you with an almost unlimited amount of customized attacks at your disposal. Experimenting with these Functions feels like a practice in programming, with the names mimicking those in existing development frameworks. The attacks can be triggered in real time easily enough, but the real fun is entering a Turn state, which essentially pauses the action long enough for you to plan out your moves in advance, and then ending the Turn state will allow you to watch them play out. One of my absolute favorite functions provides a passive ability that gives you a small chance to evolve into a 'Super User' when entering a Turn state. If this occurs, you can basically nuke the Process into oblivion, de-rezzing them TRON style. The developers encourage you to try out as many combinations as possible by unlocking more background information on the citizens of Cloudbank for using the Functions in different ways.You will have plenty of opportunities to research these Functions by locating a 'Back Door', which grants you access to an administrative area of Cloudbank, which is full of challenges for you to complete. I recommend you take the time to complete these, since they will improve your skills exponentially. Practice makes perfect, and you can never have too much of it. You can also listen to Transistor's soundtrack here, which is absolutely brilliant, and I cannot stress that enough.As great as the primary game mechanics are, the little details are what makes Transistor really shine. The commentary from your lover coming from the Transistor, for example. Character development is hard enough, but when the protagonist is mute, it's even harder. Supergiant did a fantastic job of pulling it off nonetheless. There's a flourish control that makes Red throw the Transistor up into the air and catch it before coming back down, which serves no purpose except for looking cool. You can also stop what you're doing at anytime and hum, which allows Red to dance with her lover's new shell and hum to the tune of the soundtrack currently playing. The backgrounds you unlock by experimenting with the Functions give you details on the lost citizens of Cloudbank, some of which are subtly implied to be LGBT is some way, which is not central to the story, and is entirely optional. It's nice that these kinds of details were considered, and every game would improve with such features.Transistor never overstays it's welcome, and if the first playthrough wasn't enough time to spend in this amazing world, a game+ mode is available as well as difficulty modifiers similar to those found in Bastion, providing plenty of excuses to return to Cloudbank.The story takes multiple turns before you reach the climax, which will hit you square in the gut to great effect. All the while exploring themes such as socialism, religion, death, love, revenge, sacrifice, and the afterlife in a postmodern cyberpunk setting. College level dissertations can be written using Transistor as a focal point, and that is an incredible accomplishment by the developers. Every time you play this game you'll discover a new layer you may have missed the last time through. Everything about this game is subtle, the story, the characters, and the themes, allowing the players to decide what to take away from their time in this world. It never feels as if Supergiant is using Transistor as a soapbox to shove their own agendas down our throats, which games this deep tend to do.Not only is Transistor one of my favorite games of all time, I would go as far as to say it is my personal pick for Independent Game of the Year, if not decade. I would have gladly paid three times what they are charging for this game without regret, so if you're on the fence about spending $20, don't be. The soundtrack is also available on Steam for $10, which is easily worth it. The tracks carry some emotional weight though, so the developers have explicitly stated that experiencing them in the game first is ideal, and I would have to agree."
,Recommended,237930,20655419,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Shiara,"Oh I really enjoyed Transistor. I finished the regular and NG+ playthroughs of the game across a span of about 3-4 days. One could probably rush through the story in as little as 3 hours, or take time unlocking all the lore, doing the side challenges for extra xp and game knowledge, listening to the catchy music, and stopping to smell all the roses along the way and end up taking easily triple or quadruple that.The game and combat mechanics are pretty fun, with a number of subroutines that you unlock or add to your Transistor weapon as you level up. You form actual skills with those subroutines, using a combination of active slots, support slots (that you slot subroutines into to improve active slots), and four passive slots (buffs to improve your character as a whole). Each subroutine does a different, but thematically similar, thing depending on whether it's currently in an active, passive, or support slot.There are thus many different possible and valid skill combinations and loadouts, and I found myself constantly swapping back and forth between them as I went through the game, especially once I started doing the side challenges where constraints force you to experiment and find new and efficient (or slow and steady) ways of killing things. In addition, each subroutine represents a character within the game's lore and to unlock the full lore for a character, if so desired, requires you to use their subroutine in each of the three slot types for at least one battle, each slot type unlocking about 1/3 of their character bio.Combat itself is a combination of real time and planning mode, and is split up largely into a number of self-contained encounters. Planning mode pauses the map and allows you to preview, queue, and execute in quick succession a number of attacks at once in an interface similar to Xcom or Shadowrun Returns, except that you can preview and rewind options before finally committing. There is no miss chance, or random skill damage, damage is constant but modified by variables depending on if the enemy is stunned or backstabbed, for example.Carrying out actions in the planning mode enables them all to be done in less than a game time second, so it become a power play of sorts whenever planning mode is up, but each ability used in planning mode has a cost which is subtracted from the remaining amount of action points you have in that round of planning. Once you leave planning mode, however, you cannot use most skills until the cooldown for the next planning round is up, leaving you with a few seconds of vulnerability between planning rounds. However, skills used during real time do not trigger a cooldown, and so in some cases it is very beneficial to fight things in real time (or a combination of the two) instead of always in planning mode.An interesting mechanic that I did not figure out until I was into NG+, was that while you have a certain number of action points to spend per round, not actually spending them all allows your downtime before you next skill use to be proportionally smaller, which is critical versus a certain enemy in the game. On the flip side, spending ""over"" what you normally have in planning mode locks your skills for that much longer before you can use them again!The story in the game was pretty neat, if a little on the short side, with a narration style similar to Bastion, but this time the narrator is also the Transistor and with you from the start. Like Bastion, you are dumped right into the plot to start off, and the story is revealed in pieces as you go along. The narration is touching in places, boring in others, but overall quite well done. That ending though. It came unexpected to me the first time, as I didn't think that was the end of the game yet, but hit harder the second time through for me when I knew what was coming. I didn't want to end the game. I did love the ambience though! A combination of the music and the dystopian steampunk background scenery. I am a sucker for night-time big city skylines, and the art in this game evoked so many wistful memories.A couple cons of the game: It's very easy to miss certain lore terminals and the game often doesn't let you back up if you went a little too far in one direction. It is often not obvious which way is ""onward"" and which way is a dead end with a lore piece. Your only options then are to load back from the last save (and you can only save at certain locations, though there is pretty much one before or after nearly every fight) or wait until NG+ to see what you missed. Or YouTube. The narrator is also overly talkative at times, though I guess that's a personality trait. There are also several plot holes in the story to me still, like *why* the Transistor's ownership got passed over to Red, and several other things I feel are little plot holes here and there that are not adequately explained."
,Recommended,237930,17781297,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,αlu,"Beautiful Artstyle, amazing soundtrack, challenging combat - Transistor is truly an experience."
76561198069179071,Recommended,237930,22562796,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Rocket Brother,"This game is beautiful and incredibly fun. I totally reccomend it full price, so if there ever is a discount don't even doubt it bros. Totally worth it! Lots of replayability."
,Recommended,237930,20196288,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,FedoraGent007,"A stylish, smart, and sexy game from start to finish.The game begins by tantalizing you with a bit of it's story, and drags you in and doesn't let you go, being vague but telling you what you need to know to get you thinking. Every moment of playing Transistor I was wondering where it would take me next, and I was never disappointed by what followed my anticipation. It has a very intereting take on a futuristic politics landscape, and has very well-thought out characters and developement.The combat is fluid and tactical, while somehow having an elegance about it. It utilizes such simple mechanics, however that does't mean it won't push your understanding of these mechanics to the limit as the difficulty definitely does ramp up as the game proceeds. The game will follow exactly what you want, and it is all up to your skill and cunning to successfully defeat all foes that come your way. The game mixes many genres but with flawless results as you level up and collect new abilities and powers a la an RPG, while you switch into turn-based strategy, and then into a fast-paced action game. The game keeps you on your toes and always tries to throw something new at you, but never going overboard and bringing you a challenge that is impassible.However the show-stopping point of this game, as similar to other Supergiant success, Bastion, is the art direction. The voice over by Logan Cunningham, and the tunes sung by Ashley Lynn Barrett seal the deal of the package as they drive home the emotion, setting, and character of the game without eveer seeming forced or clunky. The look of Transistor is sleek and futuristic and as you delve deeper into the story the surroundings transition perfectly. Near the conclusion of the game you return to where you had started but the setting has changed drastically,  and the score has been remixed. This point really displayed the kind of talent the creators have, and how powerful an indie developer can be.Transistor is a marvel to look at, a blast to play, and has a story dripping in charm and intrigue. If you were a fan of Bastion, it will not disappoint you, and I highly reccomend it."
,Recommended,237930,20322321,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Tobster,"A brilliant, immersive, tactical game with a neat story that gives you a kick in the feels every now and then. One of the best aspects of the game is its soundtrack; it, along with the use of colours in the game's mesmerizing aesthetic, serves you an experience you may forget in time, but you will never forget how it made you feel. Hell yes recommended."
76561198072094217,Recommended,237930,12208906,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Setorrs The Lollygagger,"I love this game <3. I hope these guys make good games like this :D . It s just to good to be true , the soundtrack is just great it went pass the succes of the soundtrack of bastion . Ohhh it was short but the joy i got from it has no measure.3 Years later edit: With just 1 month away from Pyre's release I decided to play Transistor again in NG+. I had all the limiters(makes game way harder) for almost all game and had a blast. I didn't quite feel the game like i felt it the first time , but I still remember the sweet sensation it gave me.The game is still a good purchase 3 years after it's release and it will continue to be."
,Recommended,237930,14071077,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Johnny Law,"I guess I might as well make the inevitable comparisons to Bastion first. It doesn't (and couldn't) have the ""amazing thing out of nowhere"" quality of Bastion. But the art direction, narration, and setting of Transistor are more to my taste.The story has a cryptic in medias res presentation and requires a lot of digging to uncover and properly arrange what is actually going on, but that was OK with me.I also was happy trying out tons of different loadouts and combinations of the combat powers -- the motivation of unlocking story/background bits, and tackling the different challenge rooms, was enough to push me into that experimental approach. And I think that made for a more enjoyable playthrough. Transistor strikes me as being a little analogous to Bioshock in that way; it's tempting to just wrench and electrobolt your way through Bioshock, and you couldn't really be blamed for doing that, but you might have had more fun intentionally trying other weapons/plasmids.Transistor definitely is flawed as a combat-heavy game with nuanced but poorly tutorialized mechanics that are also hard to visually ""read"", so I imagine many people will bounce off of it. For various reasons I stuck with it though and ended up having a very good time. I even fired up NG+ immediately and played about halfway through it again. It's a beautiful game that attempts some interesting things, and I'm glad I played it."
,Recommended,237930,28503271,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,telekinesticman,"A gorgeous and fairly short adventure that is probably more enjoyable on a second playthrough once you fully understand the mechanics and world that the game exhibits. By the time I properly had a grasp on the combat and began to learn its ins-and-outs, I was only a couple hours off from the ending. I also didn't do many of the optional challenge rooms, as I figured I should save them for a second or third playthrough.Through a fantastic use of colour, light and music, Transistor's aesthetics wonderfully inform its narrative for a climactic and bittersweet final chapter that made my opinion of the game increase dramatically. I bought this on sale for $5 and certainly do not regret it. It's great to see games that not only have a good story and good gameplay, but can combine the two effortlessly for an interactive experience."
,Recommended,237930,24572365,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,DeadeGuard98,"DaRevieweD #6Transistor is An Amazing Game That Proves You Do Not Need To Have Topnotch Graphics, Open World Elements or A Cast of A-List Celebrities Doing The Characters' Voices. Just Like 'Bastion', Narration is Important and Well-Implemented, With Yet Another Silent Protagonist. :) :DThe Gist;You take control as Red, a songstress who lost her voice in a post apocalyptic world. Automated threats known as the 'Process' run amok and your only way of combatting them, a talking sword called 'Transistor'. With traces of other survivors and a group referred to as 'Camerata', seemingly behind the whole catastrophe. She takes Centre Stage.....""Fresh Input. Genius Output.""[+] PROS;(a) Digital Wonderland-The way it looks is truly wonderful. No need for all that Mo-Cap dealie (Yes, I get that they're fantastic, realistic and I'm getting sidetracked... David Cage!)(b) Anti Virus-Combat against the 'Process' requires ounces of planning and on the spot-reflexes!! The latter not so much, as there is a feature of halting time. Enabling you to trial and error your plan of attack.(c) One Tough Software-When you throw in the 'Limiters', recurse through the story upon witnessing The End. (For difficulty chasers) You're in for a real threat; new enemy placements, much more cunning. Apart from that, the 'Sandbox Tests'; Performance, Agency etc, make for pleasant free-will side quests and time consumption.(d) Soundtrack-Sets the bar for other video games (perhaps films too) to follow really high. With its Techno beats and infectious rhythm, they are all very much welcomed in our ears. Respect to composer Darren Korb and vocalist, Ashley Barrett (HEART!)(e) Files Housekeeping-Tinkering with 'Active', 'Passive' Functions; Although rather restricted. Every different combination transforms each battle into a novel and exciting experience.Not to forget during New Game +, when you can have multiple numbers of the same Functions.... It  becomes overwhelming (in a good way) as you're are still not (never) too powerful, but more confident with the loadout.(f) Thoughtful Programming-Transistor and Red have a solid bond. Writing in the main characters (Camerata included) are memorable. The storyline was out-of-the-box and entertaining.(g) User Interface-There are terminals that provide exposition and distractions to the hectic battles. Objects to examine, all the while commentated by none other than Transitor itself.[-] CONS;(i) Recycle Bin-The negligence of an inventory system removed a huge chunk out of an RPG. (But hey, it works!!)(ii) A Singer, Not A Fighter-Equipment is non-existent besides the one sword a.k.a Transistor. Turning this game unique and after all, its relevant to the plot.(iii) Uploading-Unfortunately, the game Is relatively short (I can understand why, since the gameplay is not that broad) To that end, the story would have been less impactful.????/!!!!Still Processing,>>>>>> ERROR >>>>>>10/10"
,Recommended,237930,33976687,Posted: 2 August,all,Abdulla,"I would buy this game, solely for thesoundtrack, the music in this game is really good the best music iv ever heard in video gamesTheGameplayis really enjoying, the tweaks you make with your abilities () and you can even make other abilities () combined with each other, using Turn () ability make time stop and enabling you to plan out moves to use up the action bar.TheStoryis about famous singer was attacked by Camerata group she escaped with something of that they have but her voice was gone.I wouldRecommendthis game to everyone I played Bastion which is the same Developers as this game and they make the finest games in the market hands down."
,Recommended,237930,30416281,Posted: 9 March,all,momammem,This is one of the best games I have ever played.I regret finishing it twice in a short period of time.The graphics are great.The soundtracks are awesome.I would definitely encourage everyone to try it.
,Recommended,237930,29335182,Posted: 18 January,all,Threedogawoo,"While it is a short game (6.2 hours first time through) it is easily one of the best games I have ever played.Great combat, great story, great world.Pick this one up, but if you must, wait for a sale."
,Recommended,237930,12533529,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,OmniNerd,"Excellent game mechanics, an emotionally moving story, and compelling atmospheric storytelling all combine to form SuperGiant Games' Transistor. Wholly recommended."
,Recommended,237930,12577048,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Roguish Traveler,"This is a game with an interesting real-time turn-based system and another expertly crafted, and intriguing story that engaged me through it's entirety. If I had one minor complaint it's that it borrows some literary ques from SuperGiant's previous game, Bastion. Other than that, excellent game."
,Recommended,237930,10929376,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,purity,"This game is fantastic. Beautiful art style, fun combat and gameplay, and boasts strong replay value (a rarity for me).  Instead of the weapon choices of Bastion, you have four separate slots in which you can make different and unique combinations of three different programs each, in addition to four passive slots.  The variety will keep you playing without a doubt. ""Dying"" removes one of your slots and the program within it until you reach a checkpoint, which forces you to experiment with new combinations if you aren't careful. Soundtrack is breathtaking and truly draws you into the game with the ""hummed"" overlay when you go into VATS / planning mode. Finally, it's all wrapped up with a cute love story featuring a Narrator™.Cons:- Mildly short, but the side content and the replay value does make up for it quite a bit.- UI is unintuitive and unfriendly (actually a rather large downside considering how much time you spent mixing and matching different programs), but can be navigated once you get used to it.Please buy this game it is sexy and awesome."
76561198011650742,Recommended,237930,22682711,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,HunterFX21,"As most steam players, I was caught up in my library.I would stare at my game list, as hours and hours passed, until I finally was inspired to do something ""else.""My first moments in Transistor were skeptacle. After so many hours staring at my game library, I couldn't believe that a game could offer me the satisfaction I was looking for.I thought this was an entirely tactics-based game - I was wong. This is an action packed game with a strategic function akin to fallout 3. The art style and level setup in this game is truly masterful.The combo system for ""functions"" is amazing. I love being able to combine my ""Switch()"" move with my ""Load()"" move. Each move (as an upgrade, passive, or active skill) has its own charm. The combinations are fun to explore and really add to the overall experience.""Limitors"" are a way to make the game harder (and more fun). By adding ""limitors"" you add to the enemy difficulty and experience bonus after each battle. It's really rewarding and fun.I don't know why I didn't play this game early.It's really a great game with a driving plotline and replayability."
76561198126184122,Recommended,237930,31890030,Posted: 21 May,all,Maeeve,"I definitely loved this game, the art is great, the soundtrack fits the atmosphere and it's a pleasure for the ears, the gameplay is quite fun and the use of limiters can make it quite engaging too, and the story... well the story is simply unforgettable. The only downside is that's a bit too short."
,Recommended,237930,20063374,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Crowzer,"The music... The atmosphere... The visual… The recipe is here to make Transistor a very good game. Except one thing:  it is a bit repetitive.However, it’s a true journey into a cyberpunk city along a quite sad but a gripping story and truly immersive.Woah. One of my favorite games of 2014.A must have."
,Recommended,237930,12471318,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,SJ,"Beautiful and deep sci-fi plot like you have never read, gorgeous and touching art like you have never seen, innovative and addicting gameplay like you have never played. If you liked Bastion, you will love Transistor."
,Recommended,237930,10201852,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Highwang,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CX93xP0Y21o
,Recommended,237930,10200665,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,perfectlikeme,"Very beautiful game - not seen anything like this ever before =) amazing art-design!Game combines mix of real-time n turn-based combat, look awesome.Wonderful adventure, with a great ending.Special thanks Darren Korb, Logan Cunningham n Ashley Barrett, for a beautiful voices n music."
,Recommended,237930,15314572,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Bahuemac,"A very stylish Sci-Fi Noire-ish game about a strange and somewhat utopian city, ""Cloudbank"", falling to an epidemic/invasion of some kind, ""The Process"". The protagonist, a famous musician of the city called ""Red"", vanishes after one of her stage acts and finds herself right in the middle of the city's demise. The game drops you into a scene with Red pulling a tool resembling an oversized sword from someone's body, which is accompanying and talking to her and which narrates many of her actions and compensates for the city having ""taken"" Red's voice, who herself is mostly silent. With this tool, the ""Transistor"", you fight your way through the declining urban environment to the source of this epidemic trying to save the city.The game is short, but very impressive. The art design feels special and there is some pretty cool music. Cloudbank is a rather mysterious city/town, the game isn't straightforward with what world, place or time you are exactly finding yourself in. The ""traces"" of former certain city inhabitants absorbed by the Transistor to power your abilites while handling it in combat (fitting to their stories and roles within the city) give you hints to events predating Red's disappearance and are interesting to read - but overall the game loves leaving you in a wondering position for many parts, which (in a good, engrossing way) mystifies the whole experience and leaves room for own interpretations, possibly even for pre-/sequels or novels or other things that would build on the strong lore pieces which are there (I believe I have noticed this in the devs previous title ""Bastion"" to some degree too, but to my knowledge it was never worked out further, whether that is good or bad I'm not sure).Like ""Bastion"" this is a rather ""soft"" strategy action RPG in the way that you need to fight with some brains but not by being confused by millions of units and possible actions. You engage enemies with selective combat options organized at check-/savepoints, either in real-time or by utilizing a limited time-stopping/slowing planning feature. There are minor leveling elements and rather trivial but curious choices planted selectively throughout the city circling around some of its former daily routines and design questions (voting on things was popular among Cloudbank's citizens, it seems). Apparently, as a neat gimmick, the choices and a few other stats of the playerbase (like the kill count for each enemy type) are woven into this (or the game at least made me believe so). Maybe this could have been something to expend more, as it is effectively working into Cloudbank's digital and scientific ambience. You see the city through various stages of decline but without the levels building themselves up just before you (which I found somewhat irritating in Bastion), and without the ""hit and run"" concept of Bastion where you would often have a sanctuary to return to and select new levels to start from. This makes your journey feel a bit more like a real series of events rather than a level clearing maze, the city more persistent and you to be ""actually there (as much as that is possible in this mysterious world). The narrator doesn't feel as annoying as the one in Bastion sometimes does, but maybe too distant - or even lethargic - at times. But this could be the idea of his role within the story. In general I was thankful to have him as my - or Red's - companion. However I would have loved to hear Red being properly voiced too I think. I'm not exactly the biggest fan of this ""silent protagonist"" concept. Here it feels rather fitting though as the whole game is strange in a good kind of way, and it allows some certain love of detail to shine more for example when Red is answering to news feeds and polls on public terminals and correcting her own sentences while being in the middle of typing them to the point where she may even give up hope for the city herself - a subtle but strong way of projecting the protagonist's emotions despite her voicelessness.There is a little sandbox-like place in which you can practice combat and take part in some challenges. It's not as big as in Bastion, but I don't think it needs to be as it would probably only distract from the main experience. A new game will retain your level and abilites and ramp up the strength of the enemies accordingly. There are modifiers too - ""limiters"" - to make your enemies stronger and you level up faster, for an added challenge to whoever seeks it. That aside there doesn't seem any significant replay value, whether there are multiple endings I don't know yet. But the initial experience is an engaging and memoreable one, the game feels bold, thoughtful and determined and it's just impressive to see an apparent great vision turned so seemingly smoothly and confidently into a finished product that would very well deserve to be called a work of art."
,Recommended,237930,10183699,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Caine,"Transistor. Wow. I'm consistently blown away by the visuals and music.You can get by decently by not exploring the depths of the combat system, but taking it in all in real time detracts much of the beauty of the well thought out executions you can maneuver. And the different combinations between your loadouts are interesting and I can only imagine get more creative.The story has kept me glued to the screen and my only pause was to write this brief review. The voice acting is amazing and holds up extraordinarily well with the narration.Definitely a must buy. If only for the soundtrack alone!"
,Not Recommended,237930,32670991,Posted: 23 June,all,Jelly,"Jumping straight into the game, I was blown away by the art, environment, colors and soundtrack. After playing for over an hour, that's all I can say that I liked as I kept hoping that there was more to Transistor. But alas, this game just felt like a very pretty face with no depth and substance.It was an hour of areas upon areas on the map that would be closed off, then you would have to kill all the enemies; rinse and repeat. Sure the fighting style is different; real time & time-based and sure you gain different skills and upgrades but it felt very stale. The skill combos didn't excite me, the endless mob fighting and similiar boss fights (action -> regen action -> action -> regen action...etc) didn't excite me, the new skills and upgrabilities didn't excite me and the entire time I was playing I really wanted a new element to jump out and make me want to keep playing. But it was not meant to be.If you can have a fun time in a game that's focused purely on battles after battles after battles with barely any story, character developement, not challenging gameplay then this might be the game for you. Sadly, it wasn't for me."
,Recommended,237930,29049086,Posted: 5 January,all,Mr. Bones,Good game. Nice music.
,Not Recommended,237930,25036545,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Gondile,"It's a beautiful looking game filled with incredible music, but the gameplay just wasn't doing it for me. While Bastion captivated me, I felt Transistor losing its grasp on me with each minute, until I finally decided I just wasn't really enjoying the core gameplay, and was merely slogging along to enjoy the story bit. It's not a bad game, but it wasn't the game for me."
,Recommended,237930,13279617,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,bum,"Such a colorful, mesmerizing, magnetizing story. Enter once and you will never rid of it. At least for a while."
,Recommended,237930,12755855,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,omeg,"Simply said: incredible game. Get it. Amazing art direction, great story, very fun gameplay. I can't come up with a single thing I didn't like."
,Recommended,237930,25695360,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,cunthulhu,"Entitled ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s wreck the joint, then stab your fave with a technologically unique sword. You then pick up said unique sword and go on a killing spree. A very very pretty,gorgeouskilling spree. There's no downside to this game, it's just wondrous and beautiful and perfection."
,Recommended,237930,10194165,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,M3LZAR,Just finished it. I am crying. My world has ended. It was spectacular. Meet you all in the country.Complete worth the time invested.
,Recommended,237930,10188178,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Canoness Avlaen,"Amazing sound tracks deep meaningful combat, followed with an interesting world narrated in a similar yet different style than bastion, a work of art."
,Recommended,237930,13292219,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Aarontu,"Interesting setting. I LOVE the art style. The tactical combat with customizable abilities is cool and interesting. New Game plus actually has all new encounters (same story, but harder and more numerous enemies, and a new test in the sandbox). I really enjoyed it (though I love Bastion just a bit more)."
,Recommended,237930,12847801,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,born casual,"This game is beautiful  from start to finish, in depth customization and a unique way of playing the game can give you a lot of playtime. Story is great and so is the narration. Would reccomend it to anyone who enjoys the video game industry."
,Recommended,237930,18436293,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Fenix,"A sci-fi themed action RPG with an interesting gameplay, in which you can combine different and diverse ""functions"", - and the game forces you to do so - making your battles and fighting style change from time to time.This game is beautiful in every way, just as expected from Supergiant Games. Their style of playing the game with multiple resources to test and combine, practice rooms, re-runs, and having the difficulty level improved as you like, can please any kind of player. Besides the gameplay, lies an awesome story, great soundtrack and stunning graphics."
76561198009812945,Recommended,237930,10184696,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Bappy,"This game is absolutely beautiful. Narration is amazing, characters and dialogue are well-written, combat is fun, graphics and art are stunning, and the music is gorgeous. If you liked Bastion, you should definitely check this game out. Supergiant Games does an amazing job."
,Recommended,237930,33140318,Posted: 2 July,all,S S Absolution,"God… where to start with this game… Just be warned that this is a Thriller-esque type of narrative, where you’re going to have zero idea about what is going on at the beginning. Even at the end nothing will be completely written in stone and high levels of interpretation will shape your view of characters, the world and events. It is done well though and keeps enough information flowing as you progress to keep you interested in what’s happening.The main content of gameplay is mostly within the fight mechanics. It starts off slow as one would expect but takes a while to really ramp up. Once you get most of your abilities though things are fluid within the game. Balance within the move sets I found slightly lacking. There is a move or two you’ll never touch after trialing them out. Then there’s one you’ll be guaranteed to use, Breach() being the obvious example.This game also uses a fluid difficulty structure that adds layers of depth to the game. There is no set difficulty marker, and you’ll receive Limiters that, imagine this, limit your abilities in fights. This is where the difficulty slider comes in and it works fairly well for this game. Anytime I felt like the game was getting too easy, I simply slapped on a new limiter and usually I was met with resistance once again. Without this the game, would have been far too easy. I rather enjoyed this variable difficulty and found it to be fair.The total story/world package is the strong point of this game. As you play a sort of revenge laden detective. This requires you to read the info that gets from using certain functions in specific terms. Every little detail matters in the story as it provides clues as to how the world worked before this adventure began.The music and artwork really add to the final world product.  Giving a deeper immersion into the experience and on some level allowing an emotional connection to be established between you and a character that is unable to speak. It adds to the world a unique feeling that allows the world to breathe in and out as its body is revealed.There are a few negatives to this game though. The menu to check what function does what when coupled with another. Sometimes the ability won’t seem to match the original function of when used by itself, though this is rare.  Going through each individual function and then what each corresponding function that amplifies it can get monotonous. I said screw the reading and basically threw stuff together and tried it out in practice mode. The beginning is so confusing that it almost immediately throws you off balance in a bad way, such is the nature of a thriller though.In the end, though, everything turned out to be fun, interesting and slightly emotional. You’ll need to keep a relatively open mind as you go into this one as the opening is rather jarring."
,Recommended,237930,24421513,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Ludós,"i'll make little review after finish this gamePro+Epic Soundtrack+Epic Voiceactor+Good Art+How to make a good combo from skill is interesting+Revenge Solves EverythingCons-Too short-Story too simpleAfter all i'm very enjoy play this game and i get the hype about next game from supergiant games.and the conclusion... if you like isometric RPG, good soundtrack, Good art buy this game!!!"
76561198085485576,Recommended,237930,25851194,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Queen Marcy,"I just acheived 100% and it was well worth it, I enjoyed every moment of my time in the city of Cloudbank and was sorry to see it go. As someone who has also played Bastion I believe that the 3d models were vastly superior in this game. The OST was amazing as always and the gameplay was very unique and offered an amazing variety of play styles. Overall I believe that this is an amazing game that anyone would have a good time playing."
,Recommended,237930,12723658,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Phantom Renegade,"I love this game. A while after finishing Bastion, a game made by the same developers, I found out about Transistor and could not wait to try it out. I went into this game blind, so I wouldn't have any high expectations. The only thing I knew about this game was that this game was going to be awesome and pretty. So after actually playing the game, I felt like it was worth every penny and even more than that.The game has a beautiful storyline. I love the characters and the amazing voice acting, and the character development will make you love the protoganists or even the antagonists for sure. Fitting with the beautiful storyline comes the amazing graphics that the developers brought to you. Every stage, every fight, every moment is basically a breathtaking piece of art, hand-painted. Not to forget the beautiful soundtracks that each fit in their respective part in the game, keeping the atmosphere intact like you're stuck in another universe.But don't let the radiance of the graphics and the fluent tunes distract you, because the combat mechanics are something to keep your attention on. It's original and not repetitive at all. You can unlock new abilities on the go, making you change your strategy from time to time because you keep getting more to play with. If you don't, you'll have a hard time beating the game.In the end, if the game still hasn't gotten you in their grasp with their story, character development, graphics or music then it will try with the replayability that's available in this game. Finishing the game does not mean being done with it, because of the ""Recursion"" option, introducing procedural battle after finishing the end boss.If you love a pretty game with a nice story, I definitely recommend buying it. If it's on a sale, then don't hesitate to buy it because it will definitely be worth it."
,Recommended,237930,24911572,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,ExpertPlasma,"This is, without a doubt, the most beautiful game I have ever played. And it could also easily be the most beautiful game I will ever play. It is a peice of art. Everything about this game is magnificant, perhaps even perfect - The artwork is gorgeous, the storyline is elegant and, in the end, bittersweet. The gameplay is smooth and intuitive, and the music is heavenly and, quite honestly, breathtaking (as such, perhaps unsurprisingly, I firmly recommend purchasing the SoundTrack, too).This is a game that should be experienced by as many people as possible. It's a masterpiece.(EDIT: This game got my vote for the: The “I'm Not Crying, There's Something In My Eye” Award in the 2016 Steam Awards, which shoudl give you an idea of my emotional investment)."
,Recommended,237930,10214269,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Ladyy Yennefer,"Short, yet very sweet. Everything about this game is art, from the music to the graphics to the story.Transistor is a sci-fi action adventure game with a combat system that's a mix of hack & slash and turn-based. You get about 20 ""functions"" which can each be used in three roles: firstly as a combat skill, secondly as an upgrade for skills, and thirdly as a passive that effects all skills and combat. You can install and uninstall these functions as much as you like, giving you lots of flexibility. As you level up you also get the choice to use limiters, which buff your enemies. These are optional, so you can challenge yourself however you see fit.The only thing this game needs is more content. However, you can replay the game retaining all your skills and level from the previous playthrough, and there are special arenas that test your skill.Definitely worth checking out."
,Recommended,237930,22809963,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Ribby,"10/10Transistor is one of the most enjoyable and captivating games I have ever played.The art and music are beatiful.The combat is challenging, as long as you want it to be, and combines turn based and real time combat very well.The story is not just handed to the player, it unfolds along with the conditions of the world."
76561198000998429,Recommended,237930,22928927,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Psychoturkey,Great game. Another knockout from Supergiant Games!
,Recommended,237930,23075585,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Perilix,"Enjoyable game, great soundtrack and awesome art direction. Only possible criticism is how short the story is, and I wouldn't say I sped through it - though I did miss a few collectibles and didn't bother with much of the side-challenges. Great customization options for making a build, the limiters providing an interesting adjustable difficulty.Highly recommend Transistor and I'd suggest giving it a go when you've an evening where you can commit to playing it from start to finish!"
,Recommended,237930,28905116,Posted: 1 January,all,[StSv] Neth,"Having just finished this, all I can really say is:Transistor is an experience, that everyone needs to try.The visuals are amazing.The soundtrack is beautiful.The gameplay is diverse, theres so many ways to suit it to your playstyle, as you can basically augment and change your attacks/abilities. Flitting around between styles was fun, albeit very challenging at times, as some enemies... are kind of unfair, at times.The story is left intentionally vauge mostly, but gives enough to leave a strong plot. The detatched storytelling used works well, and the ending is... something.The main appeal of the game has to be the story and the graphics, but yet theres still some replayability, as new game+ is a thing. On top of this, there are optional limiters to add challenge, if you so wish.The only potential weak points I can think of are:- Recharge from Turn() is very annoying, to be frank, as most of your abilities are offline. This can be partially removed by augmenting with an ability called Jaunt(), but its still a pain, especially in a very risky scenario.- The final boss is... frankly, underwhelming? It seemd rather gimmicked and just a spamfest, with no real difficulty. I dont know if thats because I found a combination able to completely demolish it, but still.Overall, Transistor is a downright gorgeous game that has to be at least tried at some point."
76561198355256073,Recommended,237930,34083944,Posted: 7 August,all,AUSLER,"Great game not gonna lieTransistor is a very short game that you could kick in 2 hours if you tried, but honestly it can ast longer if you explore the other places more {press tab to hum for future reference). The story is very well done and tie that together with the characters, visuals, and lets not forget the bloody soundtrack then you have this glorious masterpiece!!the combat does get some getting used to but it runs nicelyonly con would be how short it is"
,Recommended,237930,11511605,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,seiba,this isnt how computers work
76561198041325471,Recommended,237930,15008531,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,KRAM BLURST IN,"I don't care who your girlfriend is, this game is prettier and more fun to be around.Also, buy yourself the soundtrack, worth every penny."
76561198150882871,Recommended,237930,29345284,Posted: 18 January,all,Insomniac ZzZzZ,"“Transistor is a wildly smart action-RPG that places all of its trust into your intelligence.”9.0 / 10 – Me“The game’s vision is intoxicating, and its execution is inspired.”8.5 / 10 – Me Again“Its art style is divine, its soundtrack is remarkable, its combat is intricate, and the story of its odd-couple protagonists is both smartly written and deftly told.”9 / 10 – Also Me"
,Recommended,237930,10248327,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,FreakOrama,"Your a fool not to buy this game, consider this one of the highest quality Triple-A indie game. The story-telling and voice acting are amazing, and the Original Sound Track is fantastic. The combat is awesome and you won't get bored of it. The art style and graphical effects are ones to admire. Transistor is one game that's in the Game Of The Year category.More info here:KSalue"
76561198061453362,Recommended,237930,10527511,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,pillow,"'When everything changes, nothing changes.'First time i've seen reveal trailer i was already in love with this game. Music, art, gameplay, everything was just for me, even if it was just one-minute video. Then, it came to steam in pre-order. I was not thinking even one second, just bought it and started to wait.When it was finally out i could not hide my excitement. Hardly waited for it to install, then ran it from my library, and... It was just as it must be. Pure perfection.I have absolutely no complains about it. Art and graphics are, well, you can just press print screen whenever you want and set the result as your desktop picture. Gameplay is very smart and forces you to try out something new, by rewarding you with some more details of characters life stories. Music have astonishing melancholic mood that will follow you through the story, that shines like a little Supergiant Games star on this christmas tree of perfection.Well, i will say nothing more, just believe me, i'm very very choosy in regard of games. And this game, it's definitely my game of the year, and one of my favorites overall.'Sky looks blue cause we want it too.'"
,Recommended,237930,14804291,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,dracosummoner,"Short version: This art-house action-RPG comes with an unconventional/semi-turn based battle system, gorgeous music and visuals, a somewhat thin but wonderfully told narrative, and remarkable integration of gameplay and storytelling.  It's a gem of a game with a decent amount of content and is absolutely worth cherishing.--------Long version: Transistor begins gently and without a lot of explanation, giving the player just enough information to know what's going on and where to go.  In short, you're on the run from your would-be assassins, fighting enemies along the way.  You have a sword that talks (voiced by Logan Cunningham, the narrator from Supergiant Games' own Bastion), and the game doesn't bog you down with needless explanations of how a lot of the setting's pieces work.  You quickly acquire abilities as you go, and these skills make Transistor special in several ways:1) Battles in Transistor work somewhat like Diablo's where you can button-mash if you want, but you can also queue up and instantly execute a limited number of attack commands or move a certain distance without enemy reprisal.  The catch is that until your Turn() meter refills over a few seconds, you can't use most of your attacks, so you have to be careful to play conservatively.  At the same time, you'll eventually become strong enough to where you can and should try to stay in real time more often, which works out well since your time-stop ability can leave YOU vulnerable if you're not careful.You can only equip a few of your skills as hotkey actives at once, and dying restores your health but disables one of your remaining skills until either you have none left, or you win the battle and make a certain amount of forward progress in the game.  This arguably leaves you even worse off than if you'd simply been forced to restart the fight, which you can also choose to do from the pause menu.  (Note that a few areas place you in big battles right after long interactive cutscenes without giving you a save point first; since battles can sometimes be immediately repeated, try not to hit ""Retry"" on impulse if circumstances turn against you.)  Enemies usually don't have a lot of defensive immunities, though, which is great about keeping you from feeling penalized for using a certain play style.  They're also smart enough to be aware of one another and to know how to protect and even heal each other.More importantly, skills never feel redundant, and they're designed to play off of each other, not to exist in isolation or to be used at random.  Your abilities have their own slots where they can plug into one another and change each other's properties.  One skill fires long-ranged arrows when put on a hotkey, but it can also be plugged into other skills, which usually increases their range.  You can later do the same thing with your own character, which grants additional benefits like a deflector shield or a health recharge--one of the few you'll get, so don't take it for granted.There are no character classes in Transistor, but the wonderful skill system allows you to customize and change up your play style throughout the game.  If you want to play a stealthy assassin, a somewhat tanky gunner, or a manipulator who turns enemies against each other, you have quite a few options to choose from.  The variety of different animations and graphical effects for the huge number of potential skill combinations is simply stunning--these aren't just throwaway stat boosts here--and it makes your abilities feel almost like they physically affect one another rather than simply doing whatever the game tells them to do.  I might have overlooked a way to do this, but it would be nice to be able to simply click an upgrade slot and see my various effect options at a glance, instead of just clicking on a skill itself and seeing the various places it could go.  In other words, ""I know what ability I want to augment, but not specifically how I want to do so.""2) This is one of my favorite parts.  Skills are connected to different characters and their individual stories, and while I sometimes don't like when a game presents a lot of its story through text, this method is genius--your abilities' text logs are divided up into parts that must be uncovered by equipping your skills in different ways.  Use one ability in its active mode to get one piece of text, then use that ability to upgrade another and get the next piece of text, and so on.  Hence, the game rewards and demands experimentation if you want to read all of the background info.  You can't get too comfortable with a certain battle strategy you like, since you have to constantly rearrange your skills and try new things with them in order to get the most out of the story, let alone the battles and their fairly sharp challenge curve.  It feels a lot more involving than simply having info dumps thrown at you because you discovered an unfamiliar character or area.Speaking of difficulty, you can customize it to some extent by turning on various options you earn called Limiters, which increase your rate of experience gain but also help your enemies out in some way.  Have fun turning them all on at once, achievement-lovers!When you're not battling, you navigate the deserted but absolutely beautiful streets and alleys of the city of Cloudbank, and I can't tell you how refreshing it is to play an adventure that takes you by multicolored, modern-looking restaurants, residential areas, and concert halls as opposed to yet another fantasy forest/desert/cave.  The city feels lived-in and familiar while still maintaining its own distinctive touches, such as weather and sky color being up to a popular vote, which you can take part in.  You'll be taking gorgeous, probably wallpaper-quality screenshots almost constantly--I have almost as many screenshots saved from 20 hours of Transistor as I do from 150 hours of Dota 2.  Even in the few cases where the game's tendency to not always explain itself makes for some genuinely weird encounters, the journey never stops being compelling and never overstays its welcome.The main story isn't that long, and while you'll fly through it on New Game Plus (especially if you turn off all the limiters after finishing the character-level achievements like I did), the various ""challenge room""-style quests will keep you up at night.  My favorites were the planning tests, where you're given a specific loadout and tasked with clearing an area in one turn, which implicitly teaches you new strategy ideas and lets you play around with skills you don't always have immediate access to.  Woe be to those who forget to take notes.The soundtrack, which Supergiant was wonderful enough to post on YouTube --https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-zA1jRmAYfU-- is for the most part spectacular, even though some of the more intense songs sound better while in the context of the game, like when you're busy running from something dangerous.  Ashley Barrett's vocals are indescribably wonderful, and the game even gives you a dedicated button for humming along to the background music, which gets put to genuinely awesome use at times.------Transistor, despite perhaps having room for more detail in the main plot, crams more visual and musical identity into its small but thoroughly memorable scale than I can recall from a lot of much bigger games, and even without the wonderfully fun Turn() system, the skill combinations and the wonderful production values make the combat more special than any number of hotkey bars ever will.  As of this writing, the game is currently on sale for $7, but I'd say it's easily worth its $20 asking price if you don't mind a product that exchanges length for sheer specialness.  Pick this up right away!"
76561198036488064,Recommended,237930,13691435,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Rezonance #FreeKekistan,"Though i love this game, be warned - it's rather short - a playthrough takes about 6 hours. What the game lacks in length it makes up for in unique gameplay and amazing atmosphere. (Also the soundtrack, the music is fantastic. Seriously. )I never really got around to playing it for a second time. It's worth a mention that it does have quite a bit of replayability because you get to continue playing around with different ability combinations in new game +. Since you get to keep your levels you can just keep discovering great combinations and fniding creative approaches to combat.Im glad indie game development companies like Supergiant Games get to exist, be successful and innovate within the industry like this.I really enjoyed my expirience with the game. This is my personal Best Game of 2014.The game plays in a really interesting manner and i strongly recommend it to anyone looking for new interesting and engaging gameplay mechanics to play around with. Also if you loved Bastion you will love this for a lot of the same reasons. :)"
,Recommended,237930,32717047,Posted: 24 June,all,ToastyHere,"Music, story and an unique combat system. This game is one of my all time favourites. Still listening to the soundtrack."
,Recommended,237930,16585855,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Lemino,"It's a great game. no doubt. It has a futuristic setting which brings forth many innovative and cool design concepts. Pity the story is abit too short. Overlooking that, the storyline is great. It has a touching ending, one that hits harder than bioshock infinite's ending. It brings forth questions that we must ask ourselves - Do we have to rely on technology? And to what extend? What is the worth of life, and the consequences that follow in the name of fame? How far do we go for our loved ones?Other than the story, the gameplay is absolutely fantastic. It allows you to customize your spells in all sorts of manner, promoting creativity and encourages people to keep grinding against the same enemies with different approaches. It also buffs the enemies as you progress further into the game, making it much more of a challenge then just a simple hack-and-slash game.What I like most about the game is definitely the artstyle and music. It fits in perfectly, reflecting on both the initial utopiantheme and the slow descent into the dystopia which the city becomes as one approaches the end. The option to hold tab and listen to Red sing is also a gem. Her voice protrudes out from the ambient yet invigorating background music, giving even more depth to the storyline of the game, singling it out from the conventional hack-and-slash genre type of games.Overall, it is a beautifully crafted and ingeniusly designed game. Would rate almost 10/10.Gameplay: 9/10 (It's unique style style such as the ""Turn()"" ability makes it stand out from other hack-and-slash games. The enemy units are also properly balanced, posing as a proper challenge.""Visuals: 10/10 (Absolutely stunning. Art is meticulous at the proper parts and simple yet creative at other spots. The design for the enemy units<younglady, jerk, badcell etc.> as well as the transistor is refreshing new and creative.)Concep/Storylinet: 9/10 (Very cool concept. Reveals alot about the human nature and it's instinct to be selfish. Deeper thoughts can be put into the storyline to reveal much much more about the settings and the story.)Music: 10/10 (Beautiful. Fits into the settings perfectly. Go and listen for yourself :).)Overall score: 9~/10Would recommend?: Definitely"
,Recommended,237930,13265115,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,AZURE WITCH,"To good to be true, magnificent art, nice gameplay, and remarkable stories"
,Recommended,237930,11498120,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Joshua Raposa,"Transistor is at the same time very similiar to and very different from Bastion. Once again the game starts in a city where some kind of catastrophic event took place and the hero must fight it and maybe find a way to undo it. You'll recognize the art style and the familiar voice of Logan Cunningham guiding you through the game, this time not as the narrator but as a companion.Even with all the similarities, Transistor ia a very different experience. The setting is much more futuristic. Everything in the game is related to programming language and sometimes you wonder if the city of Cloudbank is a real city or just some kind of complex metaphor. The battle system has a unique mix of action and strategy. Every skill (called function in the game universe) can be placed in an active or passive slot. Besides that, every skill can upgrade another skill, or even itself, leading to a huge amount of possibilities to choose from.The only negative aspect of the game is that it'll take about half the time to finish it if compared to Bastion. There is a Recursion Mode that works like a NG+ where you can start the game again retaining the level and skills from the previous run but that's it. Besides that minor flaw, Transistor is still a masterpiece."
,Recommended,237930,10239176,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,poisonsoup,相當耐人尋味而且很淒美的故事戰鬥可以用多個技能自由組合，不同的active和passive加在一起有不一樣的效果而且戰鬥可以real time和 turn based切換一流的美術風格，好聽的音樂只有這麼短的遊戲長度 可是我相當的驚嘆 也不覺得空乏這個遊戲擁有所有一個遊戲應該有的元素在一起
,Recommended,237930,11298811,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,ichi_vanilla,"Supergiant Did it again, an amazingly beautiful game, great soundtrack, and fun gameplay.Transistor takes a more tactical approach to it's battle system than the more chaotic hack and slack ARPG combat of bastion. In many cases you absolutely need to utilize the Plan() system and can't just rage through with a few good weapons like in bastion. The game also has a slightly more mature artstyle, and I enjoy the elements of art noveau and cyberpunk aesthetics strewn about all of the cityscapes. It really is a gorgeous game. The story is refreshing and takes some unexpected turns, and despite it being a bit too cryptic at times, i enjoyed it and thought it pulled together the game well.My only complaint is the brevity of the game. Supergiant just leaves you begging for more, maybe we'll get lucky and some form of expansion will be added. That said I still do not at all regret spending $15 dollars on this beauty of a game, however short."
,Recommended,237930,23515059,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Zilexion,"Transistor, from the makers of Bastion, both games are among my favorites. Transistor and bastion have many similarities, and many differences. While bastions combat is based on weapons, and a couple upgrades for each weapon, in transistor, there is only one weapon, the transistor. Instead, combat is based around skills (functions) to use with the transistor, as well as being able to augment skills by equipping skills onto skills, and providing passive buffs by equipping skills onto yourself, that combined with the turn() function and a lack of environmental clutter made the combat feel a lot more varied and responsive. Unlike bastion, transistor doesn’t have levels with a hub, but rather has you progressing through a world with occasional visits to the ‘Sandbox’. While in Bastion, pretty much all information is centered on The Kid, in Transistor, everything is surrounding Red, but not really centered on her. The story is delivered in a similar, but different manner. Again, like Bastion, Transistor is not a particularly long game, around 8 hours. However, it’s well worth investing yourself into. P.S. gorgeous soundtrack, with or without hum tracks is subjective, personally I like them with humming, but even if you don’t plan on getting it, give the ost a listen."
76561197970765809,Recommended,237930,10344523,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,MaelXD!,"Awesome successor to Bastion!The familiar Bastion template is present, an ARPG with continual narrative and a fixed isometric view.The gameplay mechanic is more interesting and engaging, with the abillity to plan moves and combine abilities. The progression was well paced, though it seems to expect the player to continue with game+. The art style and music themes were highly polished and fit together excellently.In terms of criticism, the game could have been a bit longer. Also, the enemies start lacking variety in the later half of the game, and some more varied scenery could have helped."
,Recommended,237930,10279131,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,anti-magic,"It's difficult but try to forget that Supergiant games made Bastion; whether you liked Bastion or not is not indicative of how you will feel about Transistor.Obvious points out of the way: sublime art and music. The aesthetics are scintillating, the backgrounds and world are meticulously detailed. The characters and enemies are well animated and designed, mirroring the world around them. There's a very strong noir vibe seeping through what often feels like cyberpunk New York as imagined by Europe. There's every chance I'm just projecting my desire for Remember Me to have been a good game, but I digress.The gameplay is solid, provided you realise that operating outside of Turn() is very rarely the best option. Transistor gives you a lot of different skills and variety of ways to combine them allowing you to play however you want, additionally the game encourages you to mix up your skills so that you can unlock character information and the ""Performance Tests"" force you to improvise with randomly selected skills. Unfortunately towards the end of the game encounters become quite repetitive and even with enemies evolving it is rare that whatever combo you've perfected by that point won't be just as effective as before. New Game+ is genuinely challenging but by then you are even furthered hampered in choices and will be extremely reliant on a few exceptional skills to get you through the encounters, especially with limiters on.It is unfortunate to say that the story and characters feel like the weakest aspect of Transistor. You're dropped into the world with no knowledge of anything, and as you progress you slowly uncovers scraps of information by way of skills and terminals. The game is quite short too, and ultimately it can be quite difficult to become truly invested in either the world or characters. After talking with people and going through the NG+, there are a few nuances that are illuminated and can be appreciated but the story never takes that final step.Transistor is a good game. The worst thing you could say is that it is not Bastion. Regardless of who you are you should approach with caution and pay special attention to all the little details, from the art to the written and spoken dialogue."
76561197989132185,Recommended,237930,10189959,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,pulp-reduced,"From the organic ways of Bastion, from the bush and jungle, from levels created by tiles floating up beneath you, we get Transistor. Where the style has evolved into a futuristic, neon-lit, already built level. The world does no longer face the problem of falling apart, but instead it is losing it's style. “The Process”---the equivalent of “The Calamity” in Bastion---covers the creativity made from humans, with a grayscaled and blocky veneer, which seems detrimental to this particular game, where style is easily the highpoint of the experience. The music this time around leaves the closeness of acoustic guitar picking(except for the beach soundtrack) and goes for a more distant, electronic and futuristic atmosphere. Distorted electric guitars and heavy bass lines accorded with ambiance make Transistor a sonically sound experience. The story is very reminiscent of Bastion, but yet completely different. Transistors style and sound design, as with Bastion, perfectly accompanied each other. At points I felt like the levels were specifically made with the soundtrack in mind, because it was so eerily well thought out.We start of as Red, a singer that lost her voice(it found its way to the soundtrack, though). Standing above a man with a sword in his chest. This sword can talk to us, and also play the roll as narrator. Why only this man can speak through the weapon is unknown to me, since the player ingest other fallen men and women and gain powers through this procedure, but not their voices as with the first body. At this point of the game we don't know who this man is or why we should follow his advice or directions, but it's a game, so we do it anyway. We progress through the levels and gradually begin to understand the situation, “The Process” was a failed experiment from “The Camerata” and the city is conveniently told to evacuate, so we can have that barren emptiness that is so effective when it comes to atmosphere. And The Process is what haunts us throughout the game. As we try to get to the bottom of what happened.The vagueness and convolution of the story straddles the line of being annoyingly vague and mysterious and intriguing. Where at some points I feel the story would be better told if you knew some of the things you are told in the end. That would make everything feel more natural. In this mysteriousness, the story was overshadowed by the stylistic choices and obligatory gameplay sections. It's unfortunate when Transistor could have been both if they just dropped any pretensions of being deeper and having more substance than there really was. When you get to the end of this two hour game, things will be rather clear, but you will also feel like there should be more, where there are hints and ways the story could have gone that were never shut down or explored in a satisfying way. Despite it not feeling as fulfilling as it seemed to have the potential for, it was enjoyable and the game easily grabbed you and kept you interested up until the end.The gameplay seems to be a rather contentious subject. I for one, sort of liked it. You could play it like in Bastion, hack and slash, designing your “build” for this purpose. Or you could go a more tactical way, as with a controller I thought would be more suiting. And it was! Although the combat often boiled down to using your tactical slow down time mechanism, killing one foe to then run around, trying not to die until the cooldown ran out, I really enjoyed it. There was tension in that way of playing, trying to just avoid getting hit, spamming RT. While some abilities seemed useless to me, most of them were used at some point due to the fact that you lose an ability when you lose all your health. This was a clever way of making the player use all the different devices, but it's equally as dumb when you have you remake your whole build every time you “die”. The frustration of having to go in to the these access points and try to manage your attacks when half of the things you want to use are unusable somewhat breaks immersion. See Transistor tries to squeeze in a whole bunch of different attacks and combinations into, what was for me, a two hour experience. Perhaps if the game was longer and had more uses for some of the attacks, this wouldn't be so jarring and above all boring. However, when you had the attacks you wanted, with the combinations and everything, the gameplay was a lot of fun. Beautiful colors emitted from every blow, cool sound design and every attack felt more or less powerful, but alas, that didn't mean they were.All in all it's neat parcel. Well worth it for the creativity. The clumsiness of some decisions didn't come close to ruining the experience whatsoever. So it's a worthy successor to Bastion, and it will probably stay in the same place in my mind as Bastion. As a memory of a stylistically and sonically amazing experience, while the gameplay and storytelling will surely fade out of the collective memory, sooner or later."
,Not Recommended,237930,10235528,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,slashcard,"*Acknowledgment*Before I delve into my review of Transistor, let me first state that I am first and foremost a tremendous fan of Supergiant Games. They released Bastion in a time I had ceased playing video games, because I found the quantity over quality insignia that most modern games paraded to be a bit much to bear. With that one release they managed to quickly overturn my decision to abstain from video games. So let me just say (to my own fault) that I have a very soft spot for the company and the diligent employees they keep.*End Acknowledgment*- With the acknowledgment in mind, I would like to begin with the good about Transistor.The strongest point for the whole game, in my opinion of course, is the soundtrack produced by Darren Korb. I could create a lengthy description for this, instead, I will just tell you “listen to the soundtrack”. The man is probably one of the best composers in video game culture, that is all.The artwork of Jen Zee is a wonderful thing to behold, and deserves to be seen. This game is no exception to that. As well, as always, Logan Cunningham's voice acting is an equal treat.The setting, world building, and most of the story are solid and deserve recognition.These things all speak strongly for themselves and no words I can put to them will do them justice.- Now with the bad.The battle system, while tremendously innovative, is irritating at best. I respect their attempt, but it clearly needed a great deal more work for creating a sense of balance. It contains all of the elements of strategy and turn-based RPGs that could be considered bad, without any of the rewards, progression, or smoothness. All in all, I feel that this aspect alone could have used at least another few months of consideration, if not a year, as it just feels hastily prepared and self-righteous.The length of the game adds to the feeling of speedy preparation without consideration. Now don't get me wrong, There are some situations where a small number of episodes, or a few hours of your time can move a piece of multimedia to create a lengthy wake of contentedness. This is not one of those cases and while replay is certainly an option, I feel completely no urge to do so. They try to expand the game with a number of puzzle based battle-challenges to unlock songs within the game, but that would bring us back to the battle system.The last of what I say rests with the story. This section contains a number of ***spoilers,*** so you should move on if you do not want this portion of the game revealed and I will post when spoilers are finished.As a majority, the story is interesting, explorative, and at many points, compelling. There are a few points within it, however, that while I understand most probably lend themselves to a particular ideology or thematic pursuit, are what I feel to be gargantuan mistakes in not only the story of the game, but in writing as a whole.With the exception of Royce, each and every confrontation with the Camerata was unfulfilling, if not completely vapid of context. The characters are introduced in a very dynamic scene where they murder Red's implied and nameless lover, which is roughly the most substance you are going to get from them.The battle with Sybil is almost confusing because it feels out of place and unexplored. We do have the before mentioned cut scene, yes, but that is all we have at that point and all we get.Then we move on to Asher, and the seemingly implied arch-nemesis, Grant. Here we receive a number of communications with Asher along the way, which seem to be imploring you to garner at least a little bit of sympathy, if not just understanding for these characters. However, finally reaching them and discovering they had committed suicide, without properly introducing these supposed antagonists was (pardon my language) a♥♥♥♥♥♥poor story decision and shows (with evidence from the fantastic story writing in Bastion) that this was either a very unconsidered, or very lazy writing decision.I must apologize for my harshness in this respect, but I feel like I can give nothing but honesty to a company who's work I am so partial of.I must say that all of the confrontation/interaction with Royce felt incredibly well developed and was by far the most interesting part of the entire tale (with a lot of good progression leading up to it).  However, the suicide of Red not only seemed entirely uncharacteristic of a protagonist who pursued the Camerata so vigorously despite her nameless lover beckoning her not to, and who also fought so desperately to prolong her life against Royce's assail to emerge to a world she can attempt to make a better place, but it also felt like an incredibly unnecessary punch to garner some strong emotional response. At pulling on heartstrings, Red's death was certainly success, but it was at the cost of abandoning all character and story development up to this point.Now if there is an alternate ending I am unaware of, I would be willing to explore further. With things as they are though, I don't see my self playing this game again at any point in the near future.***end spoilers***I had to take a lot of time to mull over how precisely I felt overall with this game, and as much as I truly desire to give this game a thumbs up, I am needing to go with the opposing thumbs down.I do wish Supergiant a great deal of success and hope that any future releases are true gems that speak for the greatness that I know they are ultimately capable of. Also, perhaps my response to Transistor may be best summed up by the Buddhist phrase “Expectation is the root of all disappointment”.Many people are really loving this game, and I will continue to have my gamer soft-spot for Supergiant Games, but in continuing with honesty, this game needed more development and consideration for gameplay and story and I'll just have to sit-back an enjoy the soundtrack and artwork while waiting for the next release."
76561198040538972,Recommended,237930,30375804,Posted: 7 March,all,karhu,Better than Bastion.
,Recommended,237930,10248068,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,AbdullahFTW,تبغى قصه حلوهتبغى ساوند تراكس خرافيهتبغى نظام قتالي جديد يخلط لك بين الكلاسيك ار بي جي والاكشن ار بي جيتبغى رسوم جميله وتاخذ العقلاجل جرب ترانزسستر بتعجبك قوهيعيب اللعبه انك بتخلصها ب 6 ساعات بس :(
76561198051384176,Recommended,237930,19065080,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,♋️LunarCainEX🐶,"Transistor is a smart action-RPG gameplay that uses your intelligence and tactics of how you play, fight and move on the battlefield when the enemies spawn. If you played Bastion, then you will find that this game visual graphic will be similar of it’s heavily influenced by the expressive character design of classic anime. Its a very beautiful visual art for a science fiction world. Music is absolutely beautiful with its Jazz smooth feeling.If you have bought the Soundtrack, don't listen to it 1st before playing the game as you might ruin your experience when going though the game. The story is also very interesting as you play as ""Red"" who lost her voice and its up to you to get it back. The game has a lot of replay value with New Game+ as when in combat, you get to experiment of how you will take to the field. Lving up will get you to choose different abilities and at one point the ability to fully respec your character at any checkpoint."
,Recommended,237930,11407471,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,RaspberryDonut,"Damn! This game is just amazing. It contains everything that should be in a perfect game: beautiful soundtracks, good gameplay, interesting story and wonderful atmosphere,but she's short and this is  bad.Transistor I will never forget."
76561197998782039,Recommended,237930,10195430,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Knight Of Virtue,"Another great game by Supergiant Games, though very different from their first, Bastion.The combat in Transistor involves a highly flexible ability system that lets you mix and match your abilities to create new abilities that play out in real time combat with some turn based elements. The combat constantly makes players choose when the optimal time to use their slotted abilities are, and when to use the planning mode (a mode that freezes enemies while you queue up and then execute some abilities before the enemies get to move again) as using abilities or planning mode can put things on cool down and make you vulnerable for follow up.However the combat does start a bit slow as you only start with a couple abilities and unlock both more abilities and more upgrade slots (the slots that let you combine abilities) as you go, so it starts slow but picks up fast as you go along. Similarly enemies are very easy at the start and most players will find fights fairly easy till most of the upgraded late game enemies start showing up. If those still aren't enough for you, you can activate ""Limiters"" which are optional and make the game even harder (such as spawning more enemies and make them do 2x damage).The story is very good and personally I enjoyed it even more than Bastion, though it is done very differently. Where Bastion gave the player a lot of knowledge, including knowledge the players character wouldn't know, and all but held the players hand through the story, Transistor gives you story through the eyes of it's characters, and it's up to the player to gain an understanding of what is going on in the story through the information their character is given throughout the game. This gives the story greater depth and immersion, but can also make the story more difficult for some people to understand or for those who skip through a lot of the dialogue. If you want to know everything about the in-game world then you might not enjoy the story of Transistor, however if you like to see a story from the view of a character present at the time and immersion that can bring, then you will probably find the story of Transistor amazing.Finally the length of the game runs about 5-6 hours. There is NG+ (and I hear NG++, though I haven't quite gotten there yet) and you can get further upgrades for playing NG+ so if you enjoy the gameplay there is some incentive to play past the ending of the story (you can get a couple hours of gameplay just trying out different ability loadouts with the amount of combinations available), though if you only want the game for story then there isn't much incentive for multiple play throughs unless you want to revisit the story.In summary the game is simply amazing. Both the combat and the story have a lot of depth to them. Though players who want the story spelled out for them or more twitch based combat may want to consider looking elsewhere. For those coming from Bastion know that this game is great as well but it is also VERY different, so don't expect Bastion 2.0 in a sci-fi setting, both the gameplay and story are done in a very different fashion so be sure to keep that in mind if you decide to pick it up."
,Recommended,237930,10220654,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Buying GF,"""It's like Bastion with a five foot dong"" - TheKrwlng"
,Recommended,237930,10207089,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Blazhar - Iron Pimpcubus,"Have you played bastion? have you felt moved by a game recently? Have you felt immersed the bloody second you grabbed that controler?What if i told you that you could get all that, from one game..... from this gameTransistor is beutiful, both in design, music and gameplay. With deeper RPG mechanics and a more varied combatsystem than its sibling Bastion (Also wonderful game) this game is worth every damn penny you throw at it11/WHATwould pour into my ears"
,Recommended,237930,10189068,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,SecretiveSquid,"Mini Transistor review (spoiler free):I'll start out by saying a lot of love went into that game. The music, sound design, voice acting, and overall art direction are top notch, which is all the more impressive when you find out that a team of twelve built this game from the ground up. The painted world feels just as beautiful as Bastion's, even though you won't be visiting locations that are as varied.The combat can be a little confusing at first do to the sheer number of ability combinations and the amount of planning that's involved, but you definitely get the hang of it with some experimentation. You will feel kind of limited initially since you won't have enough ""memory"" to equip and use all your abilities with passives and upgrades. As a result you will be sitting there with a lot of your ability, upgrade and passive slots empty, even at the end of the game. The difficulty feels like it scales quite nicely. As the game progresses enemies will upgrade in parallel with you, gaining new abilities as you gain tem yourself. And if you feel like the game is still too easy you can equip ""limiters"" (similar to the shrines in bastion) to make the enemies more difficult, which allows you to get a bonus to experience. I did wish there was an easier way to see some of your stats. You will have to do a bit of digging in order to find out what exactly what your health, damage, ability cost, and turn() values are.I clocked the game in at around 10 hours, though I spent a lot of time tinkering and trying to figure out the best combinations of abilities, upgrades and passives, and I did all the challenges you can unlock initially. I thought the story was a little weaker than bastions in that you have to do a lot more investigating to figure out exactly what's going on and the world doesn't feel as integrated with the gameplay. After beating the game I felt like I knew the broad strokes of  what was going on, but I felt like there are definitely some gaps to fill. Hopefully with new game+  I will uncover some new information. With all that being said, its still a great bittersweet tale to experience.TLDR: Great game, decent  story, good blend of action and strategy, and awesome art direction. 8.5/10"
76561198083852147,Recommended,237930,12113871,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,135dB of screaming cockatoo,"Humming Simulator 2014 is an amazing game, and recommended to anybody and everybody who likes to hum."
,Recommended,237930,11910165,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,UncleJazz,"Supergiant Games have a reputation from their previous game Bastion, to create strong stories that host powerful soundtracks and detailed art. Transistor is no dissapointment, this game is huge step up from Bastion, showcasing unique gameplay mechanics, with a fully customizable weapon at hand.Though this is one of the biggest feautres of the game, the story, soundtrack, design and love for the characters in the game got me through to the end. This game has such a deep story of lost love and the struggles to reunite with that one. Not only is the soundtrack well written and fitting with the game, it flows with the story development and events that occur through your playthrough, the stylised art is painstakingly detailed, and geometrically themed to maintain the futuristic feel in cloud bank.Though there were few flaws, some people may find the combat mechanic a bit repetitive, though that is merely encouragement to mix the Transistor's abilities around for a different approach during conflict.The story is well written and heartfelt, while keeping soppiness out of the picture, beginning in the middle of initial conflict, which renders the protagonist unable to speak her mind and leaves the player to discover hidden details along the way, giving a satisfying and over all great ending. If I were to give this game a rating it would have to be 9/10 just because no game is perfect, but this cut so close, I love having a game the doesn't prolong important story development and yet still tells it powerfully, as well as the art and soundtrack winning me over, a truly moving game.9/10"
76561198060827319,Recommended,237930,10720551,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Xanderous,Why is water falling from my eyes. It won't stop. Please send help.
,Recommended,237930,10961993,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Giddy Gardevoir,"...This game is a work of art. From the gorgeous style, to the genre choice, to the fantastic music, to the characters who initially just seem like ghosts of what they could be, yet slowly grow on you. The lines are well done, and everyone winds up having a personality of some kind that you begin to relate to them.The combat is fresh, not something I've seen before (and I've been gaming a long time mind you), and they didn't slack there either. I played with a lot of limiters, but even without them, I can tell you that this one will take you a little while to get used to and will definitely test you. It's a strange blend of action, strategy, RPG, turn based combat, and even shooter all mixed together into a masterful blend that I initially dreaded, and by the end of the game (fantastic ending) was in love with.This is the sort of game that was made with passion and dreams. This is the quality of game and the determination to make a fantasy that stands out amongst other dreams real for us gamers. I highly recommend this game, and I'm not entirely sure what audience I could think of that wouldn't find something appealing here. Talking swords, sci-fi, angry hardware trying to take over the world, over-eager scientists, lasers, giant explosions, godzilla-esque monsters, and VERY frustrating hairstyles... yeah, this game has a lot of nice quirks worked in all throughout. You'll love it."
,Recommended,237930,11434574,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Jay Z Salinger,Fairly interesting story. I liked the voice acting. Gameplay mechanics are quite fun. The many different combinations of 'funtions' provide different strategies and lend some replayability to the game as well. The 'limiters' mechanic also allows easy scaling of difficulty for those who want it.
76561197972291747,Recommended,237930,11079739,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,meathorse,"Thumbs up because:- Pretty- Quality voice actor (a true rarity!)- Flexible combat skill management system- Innovative non-death penalties for losingShame I don't enjoy playing it. Especially since Supergiant also made Bastion, the undisputed best creative work mankind has ever produced.The plot? I don't get the plot, which is amazing considering how much talking that damn memory-stick-for-a-sword does. At the onset, characters are introduced in quantity and events transpire rapidly... I promptly acquired an unrecoverable amount of plot knowledge debt. Storywise, Transistor quickly spreads out in width, but not in depth... not until my anticipation had degenerated into indifference. I perpetually felt one step behind whatever was happening.Transistor has a hybrid real-time/turn-based combat system (which makes up the bulk of the game) that isn't worth dwelling on. It's admirably done, and there's surely an audience for it, but I found it repetitive, predictable and boring.The way that Red's skills are managed however... this is the good stuff. The real good stuff. Your combat abilities are called ""functions"". They sit in a great, big uncategorized pile. You can combine and use them however you see fit. Functions can be ""installed"" in 1 of 3 ways; as one of your 4 active abilities, as upgrades to those 4 abilities, or as passives. There are combinations that work very well, and combinations that work very poorly. Playing around with them is a treat. And you WILL play around with different function combinations whether you like it or not... because when your health runs out, rather than die, you lose the use of an active function. It stays disabled for long enough that you'll be compelled to replace it with something else in the meantime. It's a clever alternative to traditional gaming death that doesn't break flow, does invoke a penalty, AND promotes experimentation. Out of desperation, I was forced into using function combinations that I never would have otherwise... and oftentimes the effects were a pleasant surprise.I believe that other people will find virtue or indifference where I find fault. Thumbs up and uninstalled."
,Recommended,237930,10267411,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Phaazoid,"Another quality experience from SuperGiant Games.The gameplay itself was solid.  Being able to mix and match all of the existing powers in so many ways had a great sandbox feel to it.  However, all of the enemy encounters were very scripted, limiting how long you could experiment.It saddened me a little that the gameplay was confined to these short bursts of action.  I'm not sure if it was done this way in order to preserve the points of narration, or becuase the art was just so good, from such a small studio.  I wonder if the game may have felt longer if the presentation of the combat had been approached differently. However, the combat that was there was very enjoyable, with lots of quirks to explore.The music, art, and story were all superb.  But, these only feel on par because of what was sacraficed to attain them - gameplay and length of the game. The new game+ is required to get all of the game's achievements, yet doesn't add anything of value except for more gameplay.  This feels lazy to me, the gameplay should have been scaled for a single playthough instead of forcing the player to loop through again.  It might have some significance to the story, but that doesn't justify forcing the player to do everything again.But for all of the picking I'm doing, I do recommend the game.  The first time I played it through, the experience was incredibly tight, the story sucked me in, and I was equally enthralled by the gameplay and the art.  I recommend this game, but maybe wait for the steam sales."
,Recommended,237930,12800517,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,emeradu splashii,"One of my most favorite games from my favorite developer. This game has a great storyline, beautiful art, and awesome gameplay."
76561197980019537,Recommended,237930,30919686,Posted: 3 April,all,Jaaj,"A short story driven RPG with an interesting tactics based stregical combat.  The art and soundtrack in this game are oozing with a cyberpunk style, with the same bold, colour saturated graphics of the successful ""Bastion"".  The combat system has a significant depth, with skills used not only to perform attacks but also to modify the way those attacks work.  Unfortunatley, I found the game does little to encourage you to modify your skills, meaning much of this depth was somewhat lost.The story in the game is drip fed through beautiful cut scenes, Basion style narration and other interactive objects.  Further story and soundtracks can be unlocked via the games challenge mode.  This is were the skill system shined the most and demonstrated the best of its range.Overall, if you are into story driven games and the strong art style that supergiant games are known for you will end this game satisfied."
,Recommended,237930,11994925,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,LucidMomentum,"I can often tell within the first hour or so of a game whether or not I will enjoy playing it. Sometimes a game takes longer than that to suck me in, but Transistor was not that game.From the quick opening, the clever combat design, the stunning world on display, the customization options presented to the player, the mysterious yet alluring characters introduced, and above all the incredible sound design and soundtrack, I'm hooked. After one hour in I can't wait to plug in again.Some other reviewers say the game starts slow and I agree with them - it has a quick opening and the story moves rather fast, but the game takes its time introducing you to things. But like a party where you find out that you want to be friends with every new person you meet, once you've gotten into it you won't want to leave."
,Recommended,237930,25118634,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,SirusKing,"Short but very sweet.pro tip: Late game, try the Void Cull combo, it does ♥♥♥♥ing big boy damage (2.5k+)"
,Recommended,237930,32977713,Posted: 29 June,all,CallyAlly,"I /rarely/ cry about a game, but god damn this game broke mewonderful art, music was 10/10 and holy♥♥♥♥♥♥every time Red even hummed, id stop and listen to it anytime i couldthis is the first time ive ever reviewed a game, but this game was so good i had to give it a review♥♥♥♥ing buy it"
76561198032388094,Recommended,237930,10485356,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,PetroleumHarpa,I've never played anything so beautiful in all aspects and so masterly done.
76561198031426527,Recommended,237930,33148804,Posted: 2 July,all,Hynth,"Great game from the people behind Bastion. The game can be played in real time, but it's turn mechanic makes for some very interesting gameplay. There are also plenty of moves that can be modified in plenty of different ways to vary up the gameplay if one feels the need for it, or if a certain fight requires a different strategy.The one main thing that I would count as a negative is its length. I clocked in at 5h for a first playthrough. This was while taking it somewhat slowly and trying out many different combinations to get a hang of both skills and story. For full price I do consider that problematic, but during a sale, and especially the current price in the steam sale, I do consider it good value."
,Recommended,237930,33318978,Posted: 6 July,all,OpafiX,Fantastic Story and beautiful artwork - another game from Supergiant in a style that will make it timeless.
,Recommended,237930,13891000,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Mr. September,This game is a poem.Everyone needs to read.
76561197993654368,Recommended,237930,13223822,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,E-l337,"I have never before played a game that compelled me to complete it quite like I have with Transistor. In fact, it's the first game I can honestly say I've managed to get every Achievement with.The gameplay does suffer some very minor issues - sometimes movement with the Turn() function doesn't always aim it where you want it, or the game assumes you press keys when you aren't. Generally, this doesn't impact the gameplay itself, so it kind of becomes a moot issue.The music and artwork are downright haunting. The story is difficult to grasp. But this game has that special something that should stick with you.Play this damn game if you have any appreciation for what games are and what they can be. I get the feeling this one is going to be sticking with me for a very, very long time."
,Recommended,237930,13653280,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,๖ۣۜR3BORN,"Following from their smash debut hit, Bastion, Supergiant Games raises the bar with yet another incredible title.Transistor boasts uniquely hand-drawn artwork and visuals (which catches the eye with splashes of color and design), an absolutely fantastic soundtrack (which reacts and changes seamlessly according to ambience, scripted events, character progression and actions), simple yet complex mechanics (isometric viewpoint similiar to Bastion, but with an added layer of turnbased combat, as well as mergeable skills and abilities), on top of another astounding narrative and a deeply layered plotline. Transistor is a carefully crafted product, lovingly refined and polished by a dedicated, creative and passionate team of developers, as well as an exceptional performance by Darren Korb and vocalist Ashley Lynn Barrett. Transistor is unfortunately a very short game (but as was previously seen in Bastion), comes complete with specific attributes or ""upgrades"" resulting in a much tougher experience. Transistor also incorporates another layer of replayability - Recurse, which allows you to replay various parts of the story, or if preferred, new game plus.All in all, Transistor is an absolutely fantastic, creative and unique video game and is deservedly a masterpiece in indie development! I highly recommend Transistor and it's seperately sold soundtrack as they are both most definitely worth the money and the time."
,Recommended,237930,11401410,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,mytech343,"This is one of the best games of this year so far. In Transistor, enjoy the beautiful scenery as you attempt to make your way through the city, all the while trying to uncover the events that led up to this point. As the protagonist Red, you fight you way through multiple enemies in either of two ways: Analytical or Brute Force. Different classes call for different styles of fighting, all the while being very enjoyable. The visuals in this game are fantastic, and the soundtrack is something to behold in it of itself as Ashley Barrett vocalizes the mood of the game. Overall, I give this a 10/10 and will definitely be revisiting this very soon."
,Recommended,237930,10891692,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Demoportal,itz good but yes 3
,Recommended,237930,13706235,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Tashigi,Paper boats.
76561198028608910,Recommended,237930,10210544,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Norasaurus Rex,"Loved it! Another good game from Supergiant.The combat system is AMAZING. I've never seen anything like it. The story is good.Overall, I'd say I really like this game. It's a tad short, but still worth the money. If you liked Bastion, give this a shot."
,Recommended,237930,10308426,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Tupperward,"This is an awesome action RPG that's very tactical, and man...oh man...is that part of it just incredible. Geographically, there isn't too much to explore, and the story is very ambiguous. But the combat. Oh lord, the combat is some of the most pared down, incredibly streamlined but so huge. Every level you get a new ability (""function"") that can be an active, socketed upgrade to another ability or even a passive slot which gives you permanent ability modifiers or bonuses. And because in the lore each ""function"" is another citizen of Cloudbank you unlock more lore by experimenting with these abilities in different locations. THis is aided by the fact that losing HP causes you to not die but lose a function for a set number of checkpoints.And the music. Is. Just. Just buy the version with the OST. Just do it."
76561198044489995,Recommended,237930,11122125,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Armemeian,"If this game were a human male, I would suck his♥♥♥♥♥♥to hear it's voice mutter my name. 10/10 unless you dislike bomb♥♥♥♥♥shit."
,Recommended,237930,22788621,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,ok321letsjenn,"The art, music, story and setting of this game is great! Super Giant games always has great art direction, writing and music. Red is such a compelling character and I want to find out what happened in the city the moment the game starts.I did not like the gameplay as much as Bastion, due to my persona preference of action rather than strategy, but that's not a major detractor for the whole experience.Highly recommend, Super Giant games are always great experiences."
,Recommended,237930,22413006,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,OMGdoughnut,"Came for the game, stayed for the soundtrack.10/10"
76561198199767949,Recommended,237930,31509740,Posted: 2 May,all,Vellyxenya,"20 hours to complete the story twice and get all achievements. I regret nothing, this game was a real piece of art! One of the best games I ever played, give it a try, you won't be disappointed. I may even walk through it again one day, as each playthrough offers a new challenge and a different way of beating the game"
,Recommended,237930,33171950,Posted: 3 July,all,sapdop,Good game. You will fall in love with the art. So good.
76561198171238315,Recommended,237930,22185453,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,danstew23,"I finally reinstalled the game on my account... I played this shortly after it came out, while staying with a friend of mine for a couple of days, and even though it's been a while, I always kept thinking of how truly fascinating the game is.Please don't get misled by the screenshots, which might make the game look like some cartoony, overly colored game for little children. It isn't. This game truly has an incredible vibe to it, it's like a little work of art.I will not get into the story, which is something you really should try to discover yourself.Don't spoil it for yourself by reading about it before playing. Just install and play. The game will tell you what you need to know, and will probably captivate you within minutes...that's what happened to me.The voice-acting, story, the music, the vibe, the art-style... all of that is amazing. It's not hard to learn, but it does get challening after a while. However, the combat is SO much fun, and there is a ton of variety regarding your abilities.Please try this one. I would recommend to watch some gameplay, but a) that would spoil the story, which would suck a lot and b) it's still a different experience to actually play yourself.If you are totally unsure, wait for a sale, but I don't think you'll regret this if you like:- Story- Atmosphere- great music- turn based combat (its pretty optional to use that at least at first, but later becomes essential)- a game that is not just the 700th remake of another successful game before, or only relies on EITHER story or gameplay. I don't use this phrase a lot when it's about a game, but this IS a little work of art. Beautiful in so many ways, and I am AMAZED I am writing these words, but that, to me, is the best way to describe this."
,Recommended,237930,23036310,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,DAMIENX88,I rarely play games that are this good. Seriously. This game is so good that it instantly jumped into the list of my favorite games.The setting is amazing and very unique.Art is mesmerizing and consistent. Soundtrack works like a superglue between ears and headphones as well as between story and gameplay.Combat system is nothing like I've played before in the best way possible.Variety of skills and upgrades is virtually limitless.Story is nothing short of astonishing. Story ending 10/10.Adjust the difficulty any way you like using 10 different limiters in any combination.Replay as many times as you want using recursion. This starts new game with all the skills (functions) and upgrades from previous play-through.Challenge yourself in 5 different types of tests.I usually write longer reviews but decided to write short one this time so anyone who reads will spend less time reading and more time playing it.
76561197961030955,Recommended,237930,22607098,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Teepster,"This is easily one of the most beautiful games I have played.  This was recommended by two of my friends and I am so glad I listened.  This is a game to be savored.  If you are looking for cheap thrills and shallow action, then this is not the game for you.  Do not get me wrong, I love that stuff.  But, this game is something altogether different.  If I had to select one word that best described the gameplay and story, it would be elegant.  Beauty aside, this game is really fun and a reminder of what a game can be if the developers really cared about it.  I wholeheartedly recommend this game to any real gamer who loves the art of video games and what this medium can accomplish.  This is one of those games that stays with you.  We need more games like Transistor.  I need them."
,Recommended,237930,13825283,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Vanessa,"I think Transistor is a game I'd recommend to pretty much everyone who wants to play a good indie game.The art is mesmerizing, the soundtrack fits perfectly and the characters are all interesting. You have to connect the dots yourself to come up with the whole story. It's very similar to an anime called ""Serial Experiments Lain"" in that sense. The whole game challenges and treats the player as someone who has enough intellect to fully grasp and learn the gameplay by himself. It mixes action rpg with turn-based strategy. I didn't like it so much, but I guess that's just a matter of preference.The ending is shocking, but makes a lot of sense given the context.However, despite me highly recommending the game it is indeed very short. But it does have a high replay value.I wouldn't buy it for the full price, but I bought it at around 60% off which is a great deal imo."
,Recommended,237930,30166455,Posted: 25 February,all,♤ Mutticiu ♤,"The gameplay, the story, the art all just so well made.It's a great game. Buy it!"
,Recommended,237930,33206173,Posted: 3 July,all,nakami,"transistor is a wellmade videogame telling a rather dramatic story within a futuristic city environment. while the game is rather short, it doesn't dissapoint in being exciting and true to itself when it comes to combat and things in between throughout its story-telling.+ awsome greatsword:just look at it! oh, and it is able to talk..+ high density content:something i miss in a lot of newer games. the game doesn't repeat itself. almost no line is repeated throughout the game.+ great story:i don't want to spoil here. it's rather dark and melancholic.+ authentic characters:most don't talk much. but there is lore on everyone and everything and every character has page with portrait and backstory+ simple but in-depth combat:you switch between realtime and turn-based. you can do a lot and try stuff out, but you can also play pretty straightforward without much thought put in if you don't care.+ gorgeous visual:the maps, the effect.. just everything looks vivid and super polished.+ soundtrack suits perfectly:there is like a regular and hummed version of each song.- rather short:about 8-10 hours for the simple playthough, 16 hours for NG+ and achievements.- no sidequests:you can look for stuff and get rewarded with story/gimmicky dialogues, but that's it.looking forward to other great titles by its publisher ""Supergiant Games"""
,Recommended,237930,10371975,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Venetian,"Riding very much off the coat tails of Supergiant's previous beloved, Bastion, Transistor has at least been built with some articulation of what made the spiritual predecessor so compelling. An absolutely gorgeous hand-painted cityscape with a woozy yet full-bodied soundtrack makes it clear Supergiant knew what the first thing that came to player's minds were. Throw in another smoky voiced narrator voice to follow the antangonist through to the end of the journey, and it would seem Transitor is on to another winner.Well... it fails in a couple of fundemental ways. Yes, we can recall the lovely artstyle, music, *that* voice actor for Bastion, but part of the universal charm was the slick, smooth combat to follow up on a compelling storyline. The former is failed with Transistor, exchanging for a slightly more clunky affair, your character taking a moment to attempt most attacks, even needing to recover from the jaunt ability. The wide variety of upgrades, potions and weapon combinations are exchanged for a universal sword, the namesake of the game, with four primary abilities where you can assign your collected powers as either secondary additions, upgrading potency, number or secondary functions of your powers, and four passive slots. It seems that this could hold a lot of potential, but for the most part those combinations don't surprise or allow for in-depth theorycrafting. You just slap what you like to your abilities, make them more powerful/numerous/have an extra projectile thrown in and mash away. The ""Turn()"" system also does now allow for much depth, particularly end-game considering how enemies enjoy countering or simply dodging your best laid plans.The story starts off incredibly promising. I was anticipating a very Film Noir experience thrown in to a heavy sci-fi (Read: Not cyberpunk) universe. Alas, it mostly repeats the same apocalyptic overtones of Bastion with an unsatisfactory and, frankly, confusing conclusion that leaves far, far more questions than answers and no clear antagonist to despise, the ""Big Bad"" showing up very late and with not much moustache twiddling to be had.There are a few neat little touches that I enjoyed: The slick UI and artwork is just as gorgeous as the rendered graphics, you can see other players on their adventure via Dark Souls-esque ghosts around you, and there is even a button to hold to make the protagonist, Red, hum out a lovely counter-melody to whatever soundtrack is playing at the time. There is also, apparently, a procedurally generated post-game series of challenges to experience, but... the gameplay just didn't grab me enough to really care.I can't *not* recommend this game. The narrator, again, just about makes it, and the relationship between him and Red's conclusion enough was sweet enough. It *is* satisfying to watch said best laid plans work out just as you expect and watch a screen full of baddies die in one little turn, and the world, despite confusing and mysterious, is at least dazzling to explore. £15 though? Wait for a sale. Even taking my sweet time I easily steamrolled through this bite-sized treat in six hours."
,Recommended,237930,12796783,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,EthanHike,"AWSOME MUSIC() AWSOME STORY() Y RED Y DID U DO IT AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAWWWWWWWWWWWW,sobA little short but has replay vaule(9/10) Buy it,  on sale only though too short for 24.99 more like 11.99"
,Recommended,237930,33511631,Posted: 13 July,all,Solvaij,"9/108 hoursI came across this game during a steam sale and decided to give it a shot. It was so worth it. The art design and soundtrack are just fantastic, and the aesthetic is enthralling. The transistor's ability to pause time allows for an elegant blend of tactical and hack-and-slash battles, and the endgame is simply awesome. My only complaint is that the story is not as well-defined as it could be. While it certainly succeeds in piquing interest in it's digital backdrop, it doesn't follow through with enough information to satisfy. The function logs help, though, and there is a fascinating story to be told. You just have to hunt for it. Overall, fantastic. I definitely recommend it to anyone who likes strategy games."
,Recommended,237930,24069323,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,calibrojosh10,"What I liked:EverythingWhat You Need to Know:The art style is gorgeous just like they did with BastionThe music and main character singing in some songs is peaceful and fits the mood perfectYou get a dedicated hum button, that's sole purpose is to hear the majestic voice of Red( main character)Main story might be hard to fully grasp for some people. Like who some characters are, what's this sword in my hand's purpose? and what the overall arc of the story might be. I loved the storyThe talking sword , similiar to the voice in Bastion, offers great dialogue and story to keep your engagedCombat is so satsifying and easy to understand. You get abilities and each have a main use, passive and secondary use, all vary depending on which you choice, giving alot of combationsCombat is like a diablo style game, but you pause the game to chain abilities before activating them. A cooldown is needed afterwards to use your abilities againYou can still go real time, but it's harder and actually slowerNew game plus starts the game with the leveled up enemies and your abilities, you won't have all unlocked once you first beat the gameThere are challenges that are optional, but really great, that help you level up, unlock music to listen to in-game, with a challenge room only for NG+My Score:A+Price:$5Completed in:6 hours first time( more if you go NG+, which I did)Games similar:BastionShadowRun"
,Recommended,237930,28841848,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,nick111,A+
76561198052781610,Recommended,237930,10421875,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,TheJugglernaut,"I often find myself remissed that ""I'm not up to date with the latest games,"" or that ""I don't play as much as I used to.""  Perhaps that's because I don't find many games like Transistor.I recently found myself in the thralls of illness, and thus free from my daily responsibilites.  I decided to use this spare time to play the recently purchased Transistor.  In Transistor, the female protagonist (Red) is guided by an unknown familiar that is somehow trapped in the weapon that she wields: The Transistor.  You soon learn that they took her voice and she is driven, initially, by a sense of revenge and justice.  However, as the story unfolds, more questions arise as new entities are encountered and new perspectives are obtained.  Ultimately, many questions are left unanswered at the end of the story.  Even though you never truly know some of the details about Red's life before our story begins, and are left with a hazy understanding of the world that Red lives in, you gain absolute clarity of her character.First: Transistor was great to play.  Easy to pick up and learn, lots of options for upgrading and combining skills, and a nice medium for employing different strategies in fights.  The concept of essentially pausing battle in order to carry out attacks was very heavy early in the game, and it wasn't until later that I realized that it also played as an action/rpg style combat where using the transistor for planning was optional.  It proved to be beneficial to be proficient in both types of combat as I moved through the game. It was fun, challenging, and engaging to take the different challenges and encounter new enemies with abilities that I was already familiar with using against them.I found the story to be one of the best stories for any video game I have played.  It was compelling, it was beautiful, it filled me with sorrow and it filled me with joy.  It wasn't just the story that was compelling though; the way that they used Red's 'acquaintance' in the transistor to drive the story was a spectacularly subtle mechanism for keeping the player up to date with how Red might be moticated or directed by each event in the game.The music didn't really stick out in this game for me.  To clarify: the music was great.  Many games really showcase the music, or to use the music to alert the player to a change in envoronment or mood.  In Transistor, the music fits seamlessly into the story, the gameplay, the entire experience of the game.  The music is a huge part of the game, helping to immerse the player into the ""Transistor experience"" by helping establish the setting rather than distracting from it in order to let you know that you're in a new place, or that danger is afoot!The artwork? Beautiful.  Like the music, it seemed perfectly suited to this story to provide the most engaging, immersive experience.  It's easy enough to find the art for the game online or previews, so I won't say much more here.Everything about this game worked together to provide a wonderful, spectacular experience that I have been encouraging others to try since I've played it.  My love for video games has been rekindled, and I hope to see more games like this.How is the replay value?  I'm going to find out!"
,Recommended,237930,12851750,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Mystic,"This game was actually like I expected it to be after hearing about it. Sale happened; I bought it, I played it, loved it.Great music.Great visuals.Every battle was actually interesting, even smaller ones. Make one or two mistakes and even the most harmless enemy can get your HP down to 0, especially when you use a lot of limiters. Something you don't see often in games nowadays. Keeps you on your toes, and entertained.The game was indeed a bit short, but it was great notheless.I'll play it again because I'm pretty sure I missed some things."
,Recommended,237930,10441111,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,ุ,"What a fantastic game, I've only played throught it once, and it only took me 6 hours, but it really felt like longer than that. The way the story is told, and the emotion that is put in really makes you feel like you're on a journey with Red. The game's combat is really satsfying and the customization that you can put in your skills makes it even better. I really reccomend picking up this game, its absoulutely worth the 20 bucks. I look forward to playing it again~"
,Recommended,237930,31543243,Posted: 4 May,all,Sylo,"After getting all the achievements I can safely say I enjoyed every minute spent on the game. At first, the turn based strategy felt strange but after getting used to it, it became natural and I thoroughly enjoyed executing the most powerful combos without much thinking.The art is gorgeous and you'll stop to appreciate it.The music is beautiful and you'll listen to it over and over.The story is captivating and you'll give it a second play through.The gameplay is engaging and you'll experiment with many, many combos.Transistor is one of those games were the story, art, OST, and main character are all one and the same.Supergiant Games, please give us more games."
,Recommended,237930,35273644,Posted: 28 September,all,Anh Alexander,"9/10 - Sure this game has beautiful visuals and poetic storytelling, but what I enjoyed most was the depth and complexity of the combat system.  There are so many unique fighting styles that the game encourages you to discover.  After beating the game, I started looking up how people played the game and was blown away by the sheer variety of different approaches that people took.  The game is fairly short, but I would still highly recommend it!"
76561198025206178,Not Recommended,237930,33663956,Posted: 19 July,all,Aevylmar,"I don't know why I don't like the game. I just know that, yup, this is exactly the game they wanted to make, it could not be more that game - but for some reason I have absolutely no desire to play it. It's very artistic, very elegantly designed - but I just don't find it fun or compelling."
,Recommended,237930,26905546,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,[cFc] Mad Dog,Great indie game with very good audio presentation and story telling.
76561198040945892,Recommended,237930,11536973,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Octobrya,Quite possibly the best Steam game I've played
,Recommended,237930,13686498,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Existentx™,TRANSISTORis basicly a romance story of a singer that cannot sing and talking sword that destroys everything in their way.It is the most romantic story to date since Romeo and Juliet.2048/1024
,Recommended,237930,33283456,Posted: 5 July,all,asepwashere,Cantik itu Luka
,Recommended,237930,13410178,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,uwon,"If The Great Gatsby were a video gameI really don't write a lot of reviews, like, at all. But I enjoyed this game so much; it physically compelled me to do so. Rarely has a video game caused me to spout praises about it to millions of strangers on the interwebs. This one did, big time.Artistic direction, plot development (no spoilers)It's hard to talk about this game without mentioning the stylized presentation. Transistor shows influences from Supergiant's previous game, Bastion. Whereas Bastion's toon-like presentation contrasted with the somber themes the game explored, in Transistor, the developers made the game feel almost impressionistic. Cutscenes and plot elements are introduced in parts and pieces on a background palette of neon lights and gilded society. Much like how Bioshock gives you the choice of picking up optional voxaphones, the clarifying parts of Transistor's story are introduced via optional newscasts and recordings. The female protagonist looks like she stepped out from the Roaring Twenties, and the game feels and plays like a jaunt through The Great Gatsby if the book also featured murderous enemies at every turn. The protagonist's accomplice will narrate and banter with her throughout the game. Plot elements are introduced organically, and it's almost too easy to feel the emotions behind choices and actions the protagonist takes despite her being pretty much mute for the entire game. I found myself satisfied in almost every artistic aspect.Music and voice actingThe original soundtrack. Is. Awesome. The writter and producer of the soundtrack, Darren Korb, describes the music as ""old-world electronic post-rock."" Ashley Barrett, who sings many of the lyrical songs in the game, is suberb at giving the protagonist's (past) voice. The music strikes that rare balance where if you stop to appreciate it, it may just steal your breath away, but it's never intrusive when you're getting mauled by enemies in the heat of battle. Narration by the protagonist's accomplice is sassy, hilarious, conversational, and at times heartwrenching. It gives a sense of how the two interacted with one another in the past. Other characters who make appearances are memorable and unique; each character has their own linguistic quirks that differentiate their speakers. Nothing cookie cutter here.GameplayCombat is tight, clean, and rewarding. Gameplay happens in real-time, but the protagonist has the ability to pause time and lay out a series of combat moves reminiscent of KOTOR or X-Com. Battle abilities are acquired sequentially through plot and with every level the protagonist gains, and they can be mixed and matched to create endless variability, damage potential, and combat philosophies. Each ability is linked with character backstory that is unlocked through use, which encourages you to try novel combinations of skills. Enemies scale in difficulty reasonably and foes behave logically. They will heal damaged allies. They will buff their tank as he smashes your face in. And they will cause headaches for you if you aren't careful. For added challenge, the game features handicaps that make gameplay much harder but will reward the protagonist bonus experience. There is also a built-in, plot appropriate haven of sorts that the protagonist can access for scenario battles and a sandbox practice mode. After the first playthrough, you have the option of starting over again with a game-plus mode, retaining all progress with enemies starting out much stronger. It is one of the few games where I didn't think twice about playing the game again right after I beat it. And I played it until I got every single achievement and searched every single corner. It made me neglect basic necessities like eating. And sleep. And personal hygiene. And I didn't mind.OverallWhile writing this review, it was actually quite difficult for me to separate discrete pieces of this game into music, gameplay, etc. It is such a well integrated package that one aspect is in complete alignment with another. Gameplay introduces plot. Narrative augments gameplay. And the art pulls you into the gameplay. And the feels. Oh, does this game have the feels. The only other game that I can remember that has left me feeling like this is Portal. They are both a bit on the shorter side in terms of gameplay length, but the density of gameplay is tremendous. The white dwarf star of games really. Every moment feels meaningful, nothing is drawn out. There are no ♥♥♥♥♥♥ parts to this game. It is pure, concentrated fun with a shot of the feels right where it hurts. But it hurts so good.10/10 would (and did) play this game again (and again). And I honestly think this game is worth its full retail price."
,Recommended,237930,11026793,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Swordy,"Transistor left me spechless. At the time it came out I didn't even had a chance to put my hands on Supergiant Games Bastion, so I had to play it first, so I could feel the style of its developer. And now that I played both I can say that the game feel was surely saved (if not enhanced). The graphics are just fascinating. Bastion also has great visuals, but the setting here is different and comparing these two is kind of stupid. Can say the same about the music. As a Kid, you had to put up a new home for yourself and the others, you were the only hope, the person that felt kind of sad and scared of the burden, but on the other hand brave and ready for the unexpected. And so is the music. Transistor puts you in a sci-fi city, and the situation Red is in is really tough - her voice is stolen, the man that is close to her heart is stabbed with a somewhat electronic sword, and there is a group of people that are chasing her. Most songs have that post-rock feel to them, which made me melancholic and sad, and relaxed at the same time. But there is one thing I'm sure about - the soundtrack to Transistor is something else.Since it's hard to not to compare it to Bastion, I need to say one thing - it really is a great enchanting game, but Bastion is a bit better, imo. There are not much games that give you goosebumps, but both of the games did that to me. !!Bastion Spoilers!! The part where you're carrying Zulf back to the Bastion, accompanied by the Setting Sale, Coming Home song was much more impressive than the Transistor ending. Maybe the culmination part of Transistor should have the ending song being played during it, but anyway, that's just my opinion. Transistor is still a great game, and it's definitely 10/10. I recommend it to everyone who played Bastion, and to everyone who likes the game's plot to make you slightly sad, but satisfied."
76561198133661496,Recommended,237930,22903113,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,ShoGoki,"This game was special all right. It had me captivated for weeks after finishing it. The gameplay, story, music and the art style are all blended seamlessly into this dreamlike experience.If you like art nouveau or humming songs, this is for you.Is it worth the full price? Yes definitely. It is a unique experience with decent replay value and that alone is more than worth the price.Still sceptical? Wait for a sale.You are in for a nice ride and it would be a shame to miss out on that."
76561197976367353,Recommended,237930,10189668,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Max Headroom. -,"This is a really good game, charming and intrincated with a lot of beautiful stages where our main char Red fight against her enemies.The highlight of this game is its art, plus, fight mechanics because you could fight directly or use the slow-mo to prepare a fight route and this would bring to you a massive help because some ""bosses"" are really hard to kill.Soundtrack is amazing fits perfectly with each stage of the game, each step brings a ton of colorful shapes and very detailed art work.To me this game earn a 8.5 / 10, maybe a 9 / 10. Is a must buy."
,Recommended,237930,16615392,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Proxeh,"Transistor is a beautiful game, from the art, world and music. It shows what it would feel like if you were inside the most fancients and most elegant of computer architecture. The is really cute with using computer jargon in it's gameplay and story elements. Such as not having enough memory to load all your functions. The story seems good, but is easily missable, the game emplores you to look for the story via reading the terminals and listening to your transistor blade. Where Transistor really shines is it's combat and difficulty. The combat is very unique while it is in real time there is a turn based element where you can unload a series of attacks simultaneous but doing so will leave you vulnerable to attack. So juggling between the turn based and real time combat is challenging and fun. The side missions which are the speed/perfomance/planning test are optional and quite fun. The planning tests I found the most fun, where you must defeat all the enemies in one turn. I would have like to see more tests and test variety. The games difficulty is dictated by limiters. Which are positive buffs to the enemies or negative buffs on you, you can decide how many are activate. The more that are active the more harder the game is. There is just enough different types of enemies to keep things fresh. I would have liked to see more creative boss battles as well as more of them. The game is quite short clocking around 4 - 5 hours if you're just doing the main story only. But it has a lot of replay value in it's combat and difficulty. Highly recommend if you are looking for a neo noir futuristic RPG which tries something new."
,Recommended,237930,20338574,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,404,"I'M SADI'M REALLY REALLY SADWHERE'S MY SOUL ?!GIVE ME BACK !The gameplay, the graphics, the OST, EVERYTHING on this game is wonderful . . .And I'm empty now . . . because they stole my feelings ;^;SuperGiantGames, I love you <3Bastion 10/10Transistor 10/10Gimme more !"
,Recommended,237930,11214459,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Yureina,"Supergiant's second game has much to live up to. Their first game, Bastion, was a fantastic gem with great storytelling and good, if sometimes frustrating, gameplay. So how's Transistor?It's actually quite different than Bastion, and yet is also similar. The gameplay is no longer a hack and slash spamfest, but a very thoughtful combat system that rewards planning rather than button mashing. Naturally, I prefer this to Bastion and its damned challenges, since i'm not very good at that frantic sort of stuff. You also choose from a variety of abilities for combat, and you can attach other abilities to your ""main"" ones to make those ones do cool stuff. A favorite example of mine being adding an ability that pulls enemies in and attaching it to a large AoE effect that makes enemies take more damage, giving me this lovely black hole... thing that puts enemies in one place where I can proceed to blast em. Good stuff. :DSo combat is, in my opinion, improved. How about story? Here there is still great quality and that lovely narration, in a different form, like there was in Bastion. It does take some time to unfold however, and until that point you are basically running about killing stuff because... I don't know. Fun? Also the game is rather short, with the main storyline lasting about 6 hours. There are lots of challenges and other stuff, but I cleaned everything out in 16 hours - or about half of my still-unfinished Bastion playthrough. Lastly, the ending was, well, something I have mixed feelings about.Transistor is a good game that improves upon Bastion in some areas (combat, art), maintaing the previous high quality (soundtrack), while weakening slightly in others (story and length). The sum of all the parts however is certainly something worth looking at. If you liked Bastion (and if you didn't you are strange), then go ahead and pick this one up too.Enjoy! :D"
,Recommended,237930,10185916,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,[MM] WMan22,"Just beat Transistor, and I think it's safe to say that yes, it does live up to Bastion in every way.But that's not to say it's just a reskin of bastion as the trailers would have you believe at first glance, because it isn't. It plays very differently; while Bastion tested your reflexes, Transistor will test your pre-planning ability.Transistor has a V.A.T.S.-like core gameplay element that allows you to plan your attacks ahead, but unlike V.A.T.S. from Fallout, using this will leave you very open to attack. Using this function will disallow any offensive action until it recharges; so you must use it effectively because the enemies are much faster than you are.Especially the ""Fetch"" enemies which are basically like dogs that love to follow you around faster than your evade speed and chomp the ever loving ♥♥♥♥ out of you repeatedly.The soundtrack is very different to bastion. I wouldn't say it doesn't live up to Bastion's, it's just very different in it's genres presented, and that is totally okay because it's still as great as you would expect from Supergiant Games and fits the cyberpunk setting very well.Speaking of the setting, it's beautiful. I love how you get the sense that the creators had this whole other rich, lore filled world planned out in their head but could only make ""Just a video game"" about it. It's not expositioned to you as most games would do, it's just there, which is exactly what the secret to making a setting like this is supposed to be like, because it means that you get the feeling that even without the main character and their plight, it would still exist.I give this game a ""Buy this right now""/10, even despite it's minor hiccups, which I will now list.Every now and again, the game locks up for a few seconds. This is guesswork at best so take it with a grain of salt, but I believe it may be caused by an unoptimized sound cache reset because the dynamic soundtrack is played in chunks of audio that change and layer as you do certain things. It could also be an enemy spawning issue, but again, I don't know for sure. It's so minor and infrequent that it's just worth noting, although not really a bother, since it seems like something that can be patched out.This has only happened in the challenge rooms so far, but some of the enemy capabilities are at odds with good gameplay design when their strengths are combined together. This one time, I accidentally knocked a ""Cheerleader"" (Basically a radar that makes enemies invincible) next to a vine, which heals other enemies. So the vine was healing the cheerleader, the cheerleader was shielding the vine, and the remaining fetch would go back to the vine to heal itself and be shielded every time I got it's health really low, and transistor time or whatever it's called wouldn't load fast enough to let me finish off the fetch before it did so. I'd show a screenshot of what happened, but there's currently an error with steam that won't let me upload it. Anyway, I had to restart the challenge map, but it never happened again thoughout the entire game.Another thing is that this game, while very enjoyable, should be played in short bursts. I beat it in one 9 hour sitting, and it began to feel repetitive by the end, as any game would. Just when it started to change the enemy variety up by adding in the ""Men"" which are basically these enemies with special abilities that throw pretty much tracking explosives at you, the game ends. They're fun to fight, but they show up so late game that you barely have time to enjoy their presence, though I'm sure I'll see more of them on my New Game+ playthrough.This one is a nitpick and not really necessary so disregard it if you wish, but: At the end there is a part where you fight an enemy who also has transistor time and can preplan attacks against you. The multiplayer potential for that is amazing, because the fight was actually very enjoyable. I would have loved a 2 player mode for that sequence that you unlock after beating the game, even if it was just local pvp on one PC/Console instead of over the internet, but I understand that there are probably engine limitations and whatnot so it's just a fleeting pipe dream.The story, while very gripping and entertaining, didn't have any characters I could personally relate to or connect with, so when certain things happen throughout the game, I found it hard to really, truly care. But that's probably just because I'm a cynical♥♥♥♥♥hole, the writers told the story they wanted to and they did it effectively, even if some of the characters didn't really get much development outside of the biographies that add to themselves by the end of the game.Aside from these issues though, I fully and wholeheartedly recommend this game. At $19.99 as a brand new price for this memorable experience of a game, you can't go wrong."
76561198044587033,Recommended,237930,11399705,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,SaLsicHa,"really amazing atmosphere, feels like reading a good SF book and the graphic style has so much personality and good taste"
76561198072485104,Recommended,237930,13748354,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,FaceholeJenkins,I recommend this game to anyone who breathes oxygen
,Recommended,237930,15337569,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,HarryGasm,"This game is a thing of beauty. Like, seriously. If anyone ever tells you that vidyagames aren't art, just show them this lovely.Enough sweet talk, here are the pros 'n' cons:Pros- Gameplay is awesome and appeals to two kinds of players: Strategic ones and the Tanky ones. I loved the planning mode.- Beautiful visuals. The colours fit every scene nicely.- Gorgeous soundtrack that compliments Ashley Barret's voice. While it can be listened on its own, which i do often, the soundtrack reaches its full potential in-game.- Well made story that leaves the user with questions and room to speculate.- The narrative is even better in this one than in Bastion. (Not to say Bastion wasn't great, i loved it to bits) All the one-sided small talk The Transistor does is cute, hilarious, but still melancholic. I can't imagine being in a sword is fun after all.- The secrets you can discover and all the additional info about the residents of Cloudbank is intriguing and the unlocking of them forces the player to switch their playstyle from the usual set.- Great variety in enemies.Whew! That was a lot of pros, here are the cons.Cons- The loss of abilities and attacks or ""functions"" became frustrating to me. I get it, it makes you switch up your playstyle (which i complimented above), but i hated having to wait to get my favourite attacks back and it crippled me. Interesting gimmick, but not for me.- Many functions seem useless.-The game was unbearably short. Sure, there's always the replay mode that lets you keep your stats and functions, but resets the story. I don't like replaying a story, so not for me. I feel like they rushed the story.- Price is too high, in my opinion. It might be worth it to just get this in a sale. Unfortunately i missed my opportunity, so i decided to slap my wallet at GabeN, since i couldn't wait.All in all, this game is fantastic. I'd recommend it to everyone and anyone. Just keep the cons i listed in mind."
,Recommended,237930,12740914,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,creitve,"Remarkable, if short, piece from the creators of Bastion. A must have in my book of digital pleasures, and the OST takes half of the credit."
,Recommended,237930,18344968,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,1oftg,"No doubt one of the best games I have ever played, from story to gameplay.5 stars"
,Recommended,237930,10213645,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,brooklyn33,"Great game play, stunning art, great music and awesome story makes this a must buy. SuperGiant games is two for two in amazing games!"
,Recommended,237930,12729311,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Capybard,"Transistor is probably the most beautiful game I've ever played.As you would expect, it's a lot similar to Bastion in some respects, but it's also more complex and engaging.Visually, the only other game I ever played that maybe looked better is Journey. Maybe. The writing is superb, subtle where it needs to be, but also quite funny, and, best of all, it actually ties really, really well into the gameplay mechanics. I won't get into details to avoid spoilers, but I'll say that Cloudbank is a fascinating setting, and unlike anything I've seen in other cyberpunk tales.In my opinion, Bastion's main fault was the simplicity of its combat system. It wasn't bad by any means, but it also didn't allow for a lot of depth. Transistor fixed that and created one of the most engaging combat systems in recent memory in the process. It's a mix of real time and turn-based combat that works surprisingly well, where you can mix and match a number of skills, each of them tied to a character in the game, and the more you use them in different ways, the more you learn about the respective character. It's a great way to keep your playstyle constantly changing, and it ties really well into the story.Darren Korb is back and his music is as good as ever, possibly even better. Ashley Lynn Barrett voices the protagonist, Red, and the songs she sings are not only beautiful, they're all directly tied to the game's story.And finally, Logan Cunningham is back, which should be reason enough for you to buy this game."
,Recommended,237930,10190577,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Kristoff,"I simply love this game, definitely recommend it for playing, I even cried at the end. Simply amazing! ^__________^10\10"
,Recommended,237930,10330758,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,really makes u think,there's a part where you can order pizza and then eat it while your sword just watches11/10
,Recommended,237930,24346549,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,TN Hoff,"Beautiful GameFrom the makers of Bastion, this is another beautifully illustrated isometric third person game.However, this is a very different game than Bastion, which features real-time combat and a series of upgradable weapons as well as unlockable skills and passive modifiers. Transistor, on the other hand, is semi-turn-based (recharging skill bar is used to plan combat turns with real-time in between) combat and features a series of skills that can be combined with each-other to produce different effects. The same skills can be used as active attacks, modifiers for those attacks, or passive buffs. This leads to a huge variety of strategy and a wealth of build options.This is a short game designed for replayability. It reminds me of a few other games I've played in that way--the first one that comes to mind is Squaresoft's The Bouncer. It's a short, story-driven game with combat gameplay that gets better the second (or third) time through. You continue to level-up, the challenge continues to escalate, and the depth of strategic options becomes more rewarding. Plus, you might notice some things the second time you didn't see the first... or were they there at all?Gameplay Notes:Short, but designed for re-play (and plenty of it if you enjoy the combat)Engaging strategic RPG combat system w/ lots of varietyGood sense of progression and unfolding of skill / strategic optionsSome actions are purely for atmosphere / character, but gameplay is richStyle Notes:Art Nouveau meets Digital aestheticBeautiful soundtrack; music is also a story elementSteady reveal of an intriguing storyGreat voice acting and singing talentSome things are just there for the beauty of itIf the words ""beautiful game"" sound appealing to you, chances are you're going to enjoy this. If that phrase sounds just a little too effeminate, there might be a couple design decisions in this game that rub you the wrong way. This game is from the perspective of a female singer; and while the gameplay itself is all stragegic RPG combat, the presentation is still from that delicate place. There's a button to jump up in the air for no other reason than it's a stylish, graceful thing to do. It's in the name: ""flourish"". There's another button to make the character pause and hum to the background music. This serves absolutely no functional purpose in terms of defeating the enemy--but it does serve the purpose of engaging the player with the character they are playing, and contributes to the beautiful, somber, haunting atmosphere of the game.I loved Bastion, but I might actually love Transistor even more. I know it's usually the other way around, but I found the story and style of this game to be really engaging.9/10 Highly recommended."
76561197983740606,Recommended,237930,10184752,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Bjoern,"Well, that was playthrough #1. After doing all challenges, listening to and reading everything I possibly could and only once having to use the ""Retry"" function, Steam tells me I have 7 hours under my belt.The following is my critique of the game, ignoring the New Game+ mode (for now). While I do reference Supergiant Games' first title, Bastion, quite heavily, the points I make should also be accessible to players who have yet to play Bastion (seriously, get that game). While I try to be objective, some sections of this review are highly subjective; the game suffers from virtually no technical (and thus ""objectively objective"") faults and what I point out as bad may appear as ""creative"" or ""challenging"" or just ""different"" to others.Please refer to additional reviews and critiques before you decide whether or not you want to buy Transistor.THIS CRITIQUE CONTAINS VERY MINOR SPOILERS!If you want to avoid even those, skip to the conclusion section at the end.Transistor is an isometric tactical Action-RPG with a linear story.First of all, the things I was happy with -THE GOOD:-The MUSIC, obviously. Darren Korb and Ashley Barret did an amazing job and the music leaves little to be desired. It's a different style than Bastion's soundtrack, so, of course, whether you like it more or less than Bastion's is a matter of taste, but it is very atmospheric and carries the game together with-LOGAN CUNNINGHAM'S NARRATION. No surprises there. The music may be the soul of the game but the expert narration (and fantastic voice acting) are its heart.-The DESIGN. The world of Transistor is original and colorful; the ""feel"" is the same as in Bastion but it has a distinctly different theme; the result is stellar.-CUSTOMIZATION. The ability to collect a variety of skills, all of them with different effects, depending on whether they are active, passive or modifying an active skill, makes for some interesting (and tough) choices as to how you want to play. Not everything works well but you can try everything.Now to the things that I was less impressed with -THE MEH:-The COMBAT SYSTEM. Sadly, it is nowhere near as great as (I) expected. Precision is not its strong point and those who were hoping for Frozen Synapse levels of refined tactical combat will be disappointed, as will be those that expected a slick Hack&Slash. Some sections are almost impossible to beat with only one of the modes but intelligent use of both does not help in all situations and more often than not (especially later on), you can find yourself cheesing the game in less-than-fun ways when you encounter fights that are frustrating enough that you'd like to skip them, due to issues with-The BALANCING. Few enemies are balls-to-the-wall hard, but many are insanely annoying. Having to deal with enemies who have the ability to cloak themselves (which, somehow, also makes them invulnerable) without the player having any way to disrupt this cloak (other than waiting for them to deal damage to you) or to damage them in cloak makes several mid- and endgame sections downright infuriating. Especially if said enemies are rapidly regenerating health. Several enemy attacks cannot be avoided and the player's ability to heal himself is extremely limited, making the whole combat system less a matter of skill and more one of a proper choice of abilities (which is where the combat system is at odds with its RPG elements); due to this, some fights (especially boss fights) and victories are anything but satisfying and can leave a bitter aftertaste.-The CHARACTERS. While Bastion had only a few characters with little depth but strong-enough features to make them relatable and carry the story, Transistor has almost none. ""The voice"" is the strongest one by far but remains a lot more blank than Bastion's narrator. The female lead, Red, has even less than that (or Bastion's Kid). The human antagonists are hardly characterized at all and what remains is a faceless menace that changes the world around you and attacks you constantly... and yet fails to really make you feel threatened.-The STORY. Where Bastion's story was about a simple goal for most of the game (restoring the Bastion), Transistor lacks direction. You feel like a tourist who is being guided from one landmark to the other without any drive or ultimate goal behind it, which becomes even more apparent at the game's conclusion. The plot works with local tension only (i.e. short-term obstacles and goals). The lack of strong characters makes it hard to build-up a bad guy and the pace at which the city changes and the threat swallows it leaves no time to make you care about it or its inhabitants. Unlike the Bastion, you didn't build it with your own two hands and, despite being in a city, you never get a chance to interact with anybody. This leaves the romance as its only redeeming factor... except it isn't either, because the main characters' interaction is very one-sided. The sad truth is: Transistor's story is forgetable.And finally -THE BAD:-WORLD DESIGN (SCOPE AND DEPTH). While the design is great, you hardly see anything of the city (or the rest of the world). Vistas are few and far between and the game doesn't feature any maps or background information that allows you to see the ""big picture"". Sadly, this devaluates most of the ingame biographies and what lore there is because it becomes that much harder to relate to for their lack of context.-The ENDING. It certainly isn't Mass Effect 3 levels of terrible but, frankly, it makes no sense. The game's conclusion renders pretty much the entire hero's journey pointless and I have to ask what motivation Red had in the first place. That isn't to say that it isn't beautiful in several ways but nonetheless highly disappointing if you were hoping for a well-written story.-The LENGTH. From what I have heard from several people, 7 hours is not a good time. It is quite possible to beat the game in under 5 hours. New Game+ may add replay value here, if you truly enjoyed the combat system and don't share my gripes with it, but if you don't, it leaves the question of value for your money. And, regardless of New Game+, my impression is that the game tries to do too much in too little time - Introducing you to a world, threatening this world and making you its involuntary savior has worked before... but it doesn't work for Transistor.MY VERDICT:(Or: tl;dr)Transistor is a good attempt to solve a task that was almost unsolvable - To create the next ""Bastion"". Design-wise, it is every bit as strong and a true treat for the eyes and ears, with some great ideas on how to keep progression interesting and your game experience unique.But a closer look reveals a system that tries to combine real-time and tactical combat and, as a result, is the master of neither. The beautiful world that seems so full and interesting is a facade, a mere stage decoration with too little behind it to keep it from falling over when leaned on, leaving a lot of the ingame lore without sufficient context. And while music and narration are great, they cannot hide the fact that the play itself is boring and the characters forgotten as soon as they leave the stage.Supergiant Games gave their game and its world too little time to introduce themselves and captivate you and the result is all the more disappointing for it.Nevertheless, I recommend Transistor for the interesting experience it is; you may find the combat system and story, despite their flaws, more satisfying than I did and, either way, you do not want to miss out on the soundtrack and Logan Cunningham's sexy voice. Supergiant Games deserves the money for a brave attempt, even if this attempt falls short.If you aren't dying to play Transistor right now, pick it up once it goes on sale."
76561198027223728,Recommended,237930,10194590,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,"NANOMACHINES, SON","As a preface, I would like to state that SuperGiant's previous game, 'Bastion,' is one of my favourite games of all time. If I present an obvious bias or compare the two games on unfair grounds, then I appologise in advance.First let us discuss what Transistor does right. The gameplay presented is the same isometric world navigation that was apparant in Bastion, the major difference being its approach to combat. It abandons the hectic run-and-gun/hammer skirmishes of the former and instead takes a far more intelligent plan and execute method. The player can temporarily pause time and plan out their battle strategy before hitting the pause button again and watching it play out at lightning speeds. The numerous variaties of enemies and the layouts of the battlefields provide ample chances to scratch that 'General Chessmaster' itch. The massive amount of weapons (called 'functions()') alsoadd to the tactical depth of this game. Each weapon can be equiped in one of four wepon slots, where it functions normally, firing lasers, dropping bombs etc. Each weapon may also be assigned to either a passive slot, providing you a powerful, perk-like bonus, or to an upgrade slot, in which one weapon buffs the other (LASERS THAT ALSO DROP BOMBS!?). The amount of combinations is truely staggering and will be greatly apprieciated by gamers who like a more intelligent approach to their combat (myself included).Next the art style. Although the more charming cartoon-like character proportions from Bastion are gone in favor of a more realistic-(ish) art style, the vibrant colours and tones make a glorious return. The mood and the tone of various scenes are masterfully enchanced by use of reccuring temperatures and unique art assets. The forboding height of Coudbank City, as presented soon after the beggining of the game, is alleviated by the cool yellow and blue lighting, giving it a more distant, lonesome feeling, to give one example.And the soundtrack, oh my, the soundtrack. I was so thrilled to hear that Darren Korb would be returning and boy does he deliver in the audio department. Echoing guitar riffs and droning synthesizers, alongside beautifully melancholic vocals do wonders to nail the sad, lonely cyberpunk feel that is so greatly apprieciated by big nerds such as myself. Particular standouts for me are 'In Circles,' 'Forecast' and 'The Spine.'And now to cover what I personally was let down by. The story. WAIT! Allow me to expand. (No spoilers don't fret!) The characters themselves are very nicely portrayed, with excellent moments of individual characterisation, but I took issue with the game's plot, its over-arching story. You are dropped right into the world with zero idea of who these characters are, where you are, or what the hell is going on in general. 'But that happened in Bastion too!' I hear you shout. Yes you woke up in a floating bed in Bastion with zero understanding of what was happening, but this created a sense of wonder as the game's  plot was quickly given to you, (The world blew up, but the Bastion can fix it) and as you progressed the world, characters and other various story flavor was gradually revealed to you in satisfying amounts from level to level. And most importantly by the game's end all questions had been answered. This is not the case with Transistor. Although it does a good job with the aforementioned characterisation and also with the same story flavor being drip fed to you, major components of the the plot are flat out not explained, which frustrated me greatly as it gave me difficulty in understanding vital things such as character motivations. These questions are also not addressed, or at least not in any way a near satisfactory level, by the games end. The final boss in particular was very confusing for me, the fight itself comes out of nowhere and takes place in a very strange location and I found myself thinking 'WHAT THE HELL IS HAPPENING? WHY ARE WE FIGHTING NOW? WHERE-WHA-BUT I DIDN'T.........' and soon after the fight the game ends. The ending itself is rather emotional, but I couldn't get into the mood the game wanted me to due to my extreme frustration and confusuion owing to the fact that the credits were rolling and my questions had not been answered. Now I'm not some fool who only enjoys simple by-the-numbers stories, I understand that not all questions need to be answered, but jesus christ SOME would have been nice. Thematically , the game is not as strong as Bastion. It is clearly attempting to make commentary on topics such as the irrelevance of an individual in a system, and the fickleness of the general public but it falls flat if suitable context is not provided.To summerise: Wonderfully cereberal combat with powerfull art and sound direction that is only let down by its adequately explained story. Or maybe I'm just ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥."
,Recommended,237930,10238071,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,King Eccy,"Bastionwas my favourite game of 2011. So you could say I was highly anticipatingSupergiant Gamesnext release -- which was revealed to beTransistorin 2013. After a long and patient wait, I've completed Transistor and I would like to share some of my thoughts and perhaps answer how it stacks up to Bastion.The story revolves around a character calledRed, who seems to be a singer superstar in the city of Cloudbank. After Red wakes up from an assassination attempt by a sinister group of high ranking public figures known asThe Camerataand realising her voice was also stolen... Red pulls The Transistor out of a mysterious body next to her, and attempts to unravel what exactly happened to her. Little does she know though, that The Transistor can talk, and actually seems to know her. As Red starts to make her way out of the district, she is attacked by an army of robotic intelligences known asThe Process, who seem to be controlled by The Camerata.The story is more abstract, subtle and darker this time. I would say the story is not as immediatetely likeable as Bastion's story -- as the narrator for Bastion basically narrated and spelled everything out for you in a clearer way. In Transistor, the narrator is also your companion,(voiced by Logan Cunningham once again, though with a much less gravelly and cool sounding tone). You are more encouraged to explore the world this time to find out more about Cloudbank's lore instead of relying on the narrator.What is amazing is how the story also mechanically ties into the gameplay . You come across various slain characters in the story that you absorb into The Transistor, gaining new abilities. Abilities are multifaceted, so each ability can be used as an active/upgrade/passive and can be mixed and matched for some cool possibilities. You unlock character lore by using each ability in one of the 3 types of slots. It's quite a brilliant and elegant way of doing lore if I must say so myself.You have 4 ability slots which can be upgraded (via leveling up) to have 2 upgrade slots each and you can also unlock 4 passive slots. As you can imagine, this gives Transistor much more depth and customisability this time around compared to Bastion. You can play the game in real time like any normal ARPG... but Transistor also adds a layer of strategic depth with it's new feature called the planning stage -- letting you pause, queue and plan your attacks (with a short global cooldown for all your abilities as a penalty).There is no overworld hub this time like in Bastion, but you do come across back doors -- taking you to a mini oasis of sorts. Here is where you can access all of the challenges known astests. Beating each test unlocks a track for you to listen to. Supergiant also added a feature where if you press tab, Red can hum to every track in the game. I love and appreciate this small attention to detail. You can also gaze up at the stars on your hammock and listen to what the Transistor has to say on your current situation and also play with your process dog named Luna (Dota reference?).The idol system from Bastion also makes its return, but in the form of limiters in Transistor. Limiters can be toggled on and off making the game harder but also granting more experience with each limiter you enable (up to 10 limiters). Limiters also have their own lore to be unlocked by using them at least once. The game becomes VERY CHALLENGING with 10 limiters enabled and is not for the feint of heart.The music for Transistor is also incredible once again. It has a bit more of a jazzy and eery sci-fi vibe this time compared to the more upbeat tunes of Bastion. In only 2 games, Darren Korb has cermented himself as one of my favourite game composers of all time. Instant classics, and I can't wait to hear more from this very talented man.Now, I'm praising this game to the high heavens, but what are some of mydislikes? Every time you are taken to 0 health, one of your abilities will be overloaded, and can't be used until you reach the next checkpoint. It is a unique way of handling failure, but I didn't really like the idea of having your skills being stripped from you as it can basically ruin the idea of your build if you make a mistake. It also seems random on what skill you will lose -- which isseverelypunishing -- especially when you are trying to complete some of the later performance tests where if you lose 1 crucial skill, you basically have no hope of finishing the test without restarting the whole test and playing flawlessly. The developers also forgot to add a restart test option to the menu which was frustrating when you are attempting them over and over. Frankly, I also didn't think the tests/challenges were as well designed as they were in Bastion.Transistor is another monumental achievement by Supergiant Games. It shows they are maturing as a developer. Some people probably thought Bastion's narrator was a bit of a gimmick, and that the story was all it had going for it. Transistor shows that Supergiant also understand how to craft a more mechanically deep and subtle game this time, while still sticking to their strengths of unique story-telling via narration and music."
,Recommended,237930,11494552,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Thulfiqaar,From the Creators of Bastion! <3
,Recommended,237930,12229001,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,oyxer,http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Video_games_as_an_art_form
,Recommended,237930,10184321,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Codename Riesenlaster,"Alright, I'm going to say this first: A year ago, when the first trailer of this game was revealed, I cried so much. Not only was this going to be another game from SuperGiantGames, the creators of one of my favorite games, Bastion, but the trailer was excellent, blending in beautiful music with awesome gameplay and cutscenes. I forgot about the game over time, with college and projects distracting me, and it was only until a month ago that my love for the game returned. Just like many fans of the game, I was ""riding the hype train"" as the release date got nearer and nearer. As soon as it was on Steam I preordered it and the soundtrack, which was $30 out of my wallet.Was it worth it? Very much so. I might be still riding the hype train some, but I can still recognize the positive and negative aspects this game has.Story------------------------------------------------I was rather surprised on how the story went. Instead of focusing on Red as the character who advances the story, I found that the Transistor, the sword-like weapon she wields, did most of that job for her. It talks and knows her in some way, but also Red is somewhat of a silent protagonist. She's not like Gordon Freeman from the Half-Life series or Chell from Portal, as you can make her hum by holding the tab button (when I learned I could do that I squeed loudly), but is mostly silent throughout the game. Players will understand why this is early on in the game. Still though, Red and the Transistor work well together and make an amazing duo.The Transistor, being both a main character and the main tool of the player, is not some ethereal being with all the answers. It acts more like a regular person, one that feels love and courage and a sense of honor. This personality, plus Red, can make the player feel attached to both characters as they bond throughout the game. During my playthrough, I got to a scene where the pair finds a bath house and Red proceeds to wash herself. Of course the actually washing isn't shown, but the way the Transistor reacted to this made me laugh. That's what really showed me the Transistor's regular personality.I did enjoy the story as a whole and the ending is a must-see. However, I was disappointed that not much was explained about the setting of the game. If one is to save a city/ town/ country/ etc they should know the importance of it. Yes there are a lot of people in Cloudbank, some very good people, but I would have like to know more about the actual. ""How did it come to be?"" ""What was in the city that made it so grand?"" ""What was the economic structure before everything went to hell?"" ""Who was in charge?"" Those questions, and some others, were some that I felt should have been answered because they would have helped the plot make sense.Gameplay------------------------------------------------The gameplay in Transistor is different from Bastion. It's more strategic because your main ability, Turn(), freezes time and allows you to set up a number of combos and positions in order to maul your enemies to dust. Though you can also use your abilities on their own, a chain of attacks with the Transistor (the sword-like weapon our heroine, Red, wields) can clear a battlefield in seconds. Plus, if you make a mistake with your planning and have yet to initialize it, you can always go back, redo it, then unleash your power.As always though, there's a catch: After using Turn(), there is a recharge period where most of your abilities are unavailable to you and your more often defenseless. The results of what you can do though definitely outweigh the risk. Turn() to me made the game strategic, but also fast-paced at times. You have to analyze your situation and really think instead of just rushing into battle. Planning and is a major part of the game and it's what makes it so fun.You have four skills at your disposal, but you also have an upgrade slot to each (plus another upgrade slot that you can unlock later on), and passive skills that are always constant (a total of four you can unlock). Each of these three types slots give different effects to each skill and that, plus the the number of combinations you can set for upgrades, gives you a wide arrange of possibilities. For example, one of my favorite skills was ""flash-stepping"", with added bonuses of releasing balls of damaging energy along my path and a parasite that chewed away at an enemy that it homed in on. A harmless flash-step because a deadly barrage.The difficulty of the game goes up as you go through the game and it became quite tough at times and sometimes repetative. However, I find it to be not too hardcore, but good middle ground, with easy bits at the beginning and angering parts at the end (though I'm also a fast learner and have experience in video games so it might be different for other people).Other------------------------------------------------The art style of Transistor is very similar to Bastion's. It's very well done, with great effects and cutscenes through the story. Not only that, but the music fits well throughout the game. Both of these combined create a beautiful canvas as you set up your attacks.Oh yeah, there isn't really a menu. You just get thrown into the game.Overall------------------------------------------------To wrap up all this review said, Transistor has:+ Great main characters+ Great gameplay+ A wide variety of play styles+ Game mode plus+ Graphics/ art style+ Awesome music/ soundtrack- Lack of info on Cloudbank/ main setting- Short playthrough (if that's a bother)- Sometimes repetive fight scenesThis was definitely a fun game to play. It was just how I expected it to be and thrilled it was like that. Though somewhat short (I beat it in about 9 hours as I collected stuff and enjoyed the story), it does have a New Game Plus mode similar to Bastion's where you have all the progress from the previous game and start from the very beginning. Only thing different is that all the enemies are tougher, so you still have challenge as you fight once more through Cloudbank. I'll be definitely going through it soon.If you're a fan of Bastion, I highly recommend that you get this game. If you like RPGs, strategy, and some fast-paced fighting, I also recommend you buy this game. Twenty bucks was definitely worth it for me and many others who preordered it as well."
76561198037541199,Recommended,237930,10184066,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,sloshworks,"I am an enormous fan of Bastion - and have been following the development of Transistor with hesitant optimism ... Wondering if they will be able to capture that same magic that Bastion had ... since it was such a unique and new voice in video games when it first came out ...I can say ... without a doubt ... that they have captured all of the magic that made Bastion great ... and that the music, the art style, the narration, the combat system ... just everything about this game is everything I had hoped it could be .... I am only a small part through the game but already while I am typing this ... I am thinking about the game ... and the world that is there to explore ... and the small touches they have used to bring that world to life around you ...SuperGiant Games have done an absolutely incredible job ... this is a game everybody should play ... at least once! 8-)For those who would rather see the art and hear the music ... here is the first part of my playthrough of the game 8-)http://youtu.be/_VyK-fCNSNA"
,Not Recommended,237930,33468824,Posted: 11 July,all,SudookieDeath,I really don't like the combat.
,Recommended,237930,10409226,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Iggy,"I am a cheap ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. I still believe that some games need a certain amount of time played before their price is justified. Other times I can recognize quality surpassing such an arbitrary ratio within an hour of play. Transistor is one of those games. The voice acting is, as always, top notch. The music is amazing, I might buy the album. For ♥♥♥♥'s sake, there's a ""hum"" button and your charactor will hum along to the background music.Talking swords. Dude. Talking. Sword. And he like loves you, so you two are super tite 8)Art is amazing. Mechanics are amazing. Get this game. Get this game now.I played with a controller, it as fairly decent for somebody who plays mouse and keyboard often. Worth every dollar, don't wait for a sale, you jerk."
,Recommended,237930,11381687,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,SC,Cyberpunk. Great soundtrack. Female redhead protagonist. Gorgeous visual style. Talking sword and turn-based fights. Do you want more? I don't.
,Recommended,237930,10228316,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Vermilion Wlad,"Short and sort of flat, Transistor could've been a lot better, longer and deeper. The combat has potential, but you can miss it entirely in that whooping 2,5 hour long that is Transistor. Art and sound design are top notch, but Bastion did it better. Transistor stops being Transistor and goes back to being Rucks about 40 minutes in, albeit lacking old mans charm and powers of observation.Get Bastion and then Transistor with 75% discount."
,Recommended,237930,10184014,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,ツンツン,"I feel like I should actually write a serious review of this game.I'll start by saying: If you didn't like Bastion, you won't like this at all. The storytelling is very similar. The game is also pretty short, I finished clocking in at 5 hours (did not 100% obviously, you need NG+ to unlock all the different powers and such). But during NG+, I don't see the story changing much. It will be something for only completionists.But, outside of that I found Transistor to be a great experience. Supergiant delivers again with a chillingly beautiful soundtrack, Darren Korb proving his skills at composing. As a person who loved the art style of Bastion, Transistor does not differ a lot from it with the exception of having more ""3d"" models as compared to the mostly 2D Bastion, this is most easily seen on your protagonist. The voice acting in the game is top notch, Logan Cunningham giving another near perfect preformance on his character and as the narrator. The enviroments are always beautiful to look at, if a little confusing to navigate at times. The story kept me hooked all the way through the game, with the characters being fleshed out along the way, never feeling generic and always very enthralling.The combat in the game was a very interesting idea executed well, but not to perfection. It can feel tedious at times and frustrating at others when something just doesn't lineup perfectly. Endgame, you will probably have a combo that will be able to instagib the strongest enemies, you only obstacle being the cooldown bar on your Turn(), which is the main form of combat in Transistor. It's a strategic pause that allows you to set up a bunch of moves that enemies can not react to for the most part. With the backstab mechaninc and the variety of Functions (moves), it has more uses than just being a ""VATS"" like way of fighting ala Fallout. While recharging, its a game of dodging attacks before you can go back in on the enemies.Where the combat really shines is how varried you can make your moveset. Each unlockable function is very different than the last, and aren't just moves: they can be infused to combine with other functions (Example: combine the knockup and the pull functions to create an AOE pull) or can be used as passive traits, all taking up some of your power bar, limiting how many functions you can have going.The stories included with each function are a very nice touch that fit the asthetic very well, but unlocking all 3 pieces can be a pain sometimes, since each one will need to occupy each of the 3 uses (passive, upgrade or move) to unlock the full story. Luckily, you only need one battle in each use to unlock each part and with an upgrade station seemingly after every battle you should unlock them all quickly and be able to go back to a more comfortable moveset.There was only a few spots in the game I would consider ""hard"", for the most part your average player should be able to blow through their first NG with relative ease. The enemies aren't the brightest, not to say that they are bad, but sometimes they will just stare at you as you recharge behind a wall, not even bothering to try and pressure you to move.Death is also really hard to achieve, after reaching 0 HP you will get a ""free turn()"" where you can try and save yourself or win the fight with your what you have left. If you fail and get hit again, you will lose one of your functions socketed. But, since you will usually have 4, chances are you will most likely never lose them all. I have never lost one, so I could not say if they are gone forever, but seeing the difficulty of the game I assume you recover them at the next station. The only time dying will really matter is in the training & challenge areas, where if you die once or twice you may just restart a challenge.Is it worth playing through?Absolutely, it's a beautiful experiece.Is it worth the current $20? That's a bit more debatable, due to it's shorter length. I wouldn't say not to buy it, but the second it goes on sale it is a must grab."
76561197979414869,Not Recommended,237930,33626532,Posted: 18 July,all,Kapten Zoom,"Action RPG? Nope, it takes more than experience gathering and a skill tree to make an RPG. This is just a fancy beat-em-up game. The art and soundtrack in this game is fantastic, but the same can't be said about the gameplay. The game lasts an hour, then it is just repetitive. No variation whatsoever."
,Recommended,237930,23295492,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,timatthi,Review: TransistorTransistor is a third person singleplayer game that has multiple advantages:+Music+Graphics+Athmophere+Gameplay+anything else xDOverall Transistor is urgently needed!    9.5/10 ~timatthi.xyz[Note: This Review is my own opinion]~Waiting for Pyre~
,Recommended,237930,10429870,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,unknown,art
,Recommended,237930,23846076,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Threepw00d,Excellent in every way. I love the combat system - simple to grasp but with increasing depth and strategy. Beautiful artwork and music as you'd expect from Supergiant. Just an absolute joy to play from beginning to end.
,Not Recommended,237930,12177075,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,spooky,"I had high expectations because of Bastion. But i don't recommend it because of some points:* The narration. Bastion had an innovative narration and this game tries to copy that but in the end it just make random comments and it really distracts you from the game. ""Oh, i guess they don't like to swim"" as you pass by a pond. ""Let me tell you a joke.. What's the difference between... You know what? nevermind"" during a lift ride (loading screen disguised)* The Combat. It is nice in the beggining but gets repetitive really fast. you do get some powers but they mostly play out the same. You fully heal between fights and can save everywhere. If you die, you don't really die as the time stops and you lose one of your attacks until the second next checkpoint. I really wish it had more depth, but in the end it was  1- stop time 2- queue some attacks 3- run as your time stop ability recharges 4- repeat* The story. I am a little biased because i skipped all terminals. Or maybe i skipped them all because the reading doesnt really fit the action oriented gameplay. I didn't understand many points but in the end i didnt bother going after the information. I was just happy the game was ending. Also, I didn't care about the protagonist.* The protagonist. Female silent protagonist. you are supposed to feel her emotions through her music (why is she a singer anyway?) and like her because of her appearance (red haired, nice body, etc). But you don't. She is shallow. Lacks personality. She just does what the sword tells her to do. The ending went against what was being shown, though.* The length. It was quick. Surprisingly quick. When the final cutscene appeared i though I was just less than halfway though but it was actually the end. I was just level 11 and still had space for countless powers and upgrades. i didn't even unlock most restrictions.  What happened ?* The linearity. I guess if they went a route a little more like bastion it would have been better. many stages that you get a new power per stage, or something like that. But this game just makes you follow the path and that is it.I really loved the ending, though. But it doesn't make the game any betterI wish i liked it, but i really didn't."
76561198025428897,Recommended,237930,11526540,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Collywobbles,"It's beautiful, it's unique, and it's got an engaging storyline to boot!For the first few minutes I wasn't sure if I was playing the game right or getting the most out of the experience. I knew I had to be doing something wrong. But in time I got the hang of it, and found that nearly dying every round was just part of the fun.But there's more to it. What really turned me off was halfway through the game I realized that there wasn't anything new turning up. I felt like I was just doing the same-old challenge, over and over again, just with different enemies. It didn't feel exciting anymore. It was a menial task to fight.Don't get me wrong, though. This game was professionally made, and it's a real work of art."
,Recommended,237930,15100047,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,bum bee,"You guys. This game is so cool! The graphisms, characters, colors, everything! SuperGiant games really are neat-o. I wish the game was a bit longer, but I'm enjoying it so much! (And that ending broke my heart aaaaaah-) Anyway, please buy and play this game, it's really worth it!"
76561197972634582,Recommended,237930,10201488,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Harlequin,"A great game, the audio design and music are some of the best I have heard, the setting is haunting and beutifull.The game mechanics are deep and offer a very wide range of customization for combat.Well worth your time and money"
,Recommended,237930,10192878,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Acco ✨,"While the game is quite short, it's a lovely story with some breathtaking visuals. The combat system is fresh and fun, but is easily gamed during your second playthrough, where you can make some pretty OP combinations. Compared to Bastion, this game feels a little weaker, story wise, but the gameplay is much more solid this time around.If there was one thing that I'd criticize this game for though, it feels like this game was built for controllers.8.5/10"
76561197987889832,Recommended,237930,10198117,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,lizardprime,"i didnt have to play this game, to know i was going to say: excellent game. but now I have anywayexcellent game"
,Recommended,237930,10190212,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,A Wild Pokemon,"An amazingly animated, detailed, and entertaining Art Nouveau world to be immersed in. The unique battle system compensates for an otherwise linear game; and the exceptional art & music production makes this an undervalued interactive art piece.Technical Notes: --Some people are having lagging & freeze issues on Steam, the developers are working on a patch. For myself, offline mode will play it seamlessly. However, this means no steam achievements or accurate game time log.--Issues have been fixed and runs as-is. Enjoy!"
,Recommended,237930,13038931,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Best Player,"I originally bought Transistor as it was one of the few games on discount that had a 9/10 rating on IGNThe game took me less than 8 hours to finish (not complete, since there is still much to explore)Gameplay was solid; you will learn anything you need to know for combat from the startMany combinations of functions (skills) make the gameplay clever, and possibilities limitless (seriously, limitless!)The art is another aspect which is great. This is further complemented by its soundtrack which is amazing as wellFinally the story, which is just masterfully put together. You will begin to realize how deep and good the story really is only after a few hours of playing. And I must say the ending of Transistor was something truly special!Conclusion: Transistor is an artistic masterpiece, I'd recommend it to any gamerPrice is quite high, so you can wait for a great offer Steam makes for you. Though considering how good I feel the game is, I'd say full price is still well worth your money93/100"
,Recommended,237930,13330139,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,burpo belcho,"This. Game.This game is amazing.The combat is great, the music is a astounding and the story will make you cry, as it did to me."
,Recommended,237930,22692416,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Octobig,"InTransistor, you play as the silent starlet and singer Red, traversing the eerily empty yet colourful city of Cloudbank. The city is slowly being overtaken by a mysterious force known only as the Process, and Cloudbank's leaders have something to do with it. Desperate to put a stop to whatever's happening, Red goes out to hunt -- but not alone. She carries a sword-like contraption with her known as the Transistor, whose dulcet and heartfelt tones guide her (and you) through a decaying world...Pros+ Beautiful, mesmerizing art & visuals+ The Transistor's narration of the game+ The dreamy, cyber-like soundtrack+ Combining functions for cool attack abilities+ The overall emotional impactCons- Combat can get a bit repetitive- The main story could have been longer & more in-depth- Some story elements are left deliberately vagueThis one of the most beautiful & artful games I've ever played! The overall cyberpunkish atmosphere, the gorgeous artwork, the hauntingly loving voice of the Transistor... The game has story elements that are quite familiar in the sci-fi sphere, but its execution is justso good. I fell in love with Red, the Transistor, and their world in a little over five hours already, and bawled my eyes out at certain points during the story. The emotional pacing, aided by the superb soundtrack, was fantastic.The upsides of this game far outweigh any downsides -- which for me personally, were the slightly repetitive combat (mostly due to lots of the same enemy types, I think) and the fact that the first run-through of the story was not longer, meatier & more in-depth.Like sci-fi, strategical planning in combat (on pause), and a deeply emotional story? Then this one's for you. This game is a perfect little jewel, with my compliments to Logan Cunningham's excellent voice acting as the Transistor."
,Recommended,237930,12838318,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,sharkalanche,a talking sword made me cry 10/10
,Recommended,237930,11167724,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Neo Way,"A spiritual successor to Bastion? Well, that's right, but it's not just that. This game has a whole lot of content to be explored, such as the backstory of Cloudbank, the reasons behind the Process starting their attacks on Goldwalk, how and why Red got the Transistor and what's the connection between her and the one inside the Transistor. The battle system couldn't be more impressive, as you must have a lot of vision on what will happen to decide your own actions in a turn, taking into account not only the reactions you cause with your actions, but the actions the enemy may take when you attack. One such example is the Younglady (no spoilers are given), which can be somewhat frustrating at first, but it still makes you want to keep trying untill you finally manage to break the pattern. This not to mention the huge amount of possibilities there are to use the Functions in many different ways, using them as Active, Passive or Upgrades. I was very satisfied with the story, gameplay, visual, soundtrack... The game as a whole is astonishing. I highly recommend giving it a try if you like RPGs, and even if you don't enjoy RPGs that much, you may change your mind with this game."
,Recommended,237930,20140276,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,mDM.mustash,"Great gameplay, the story is intriguing and the graphics are amazing (along with the art).The only cons that I have is that it needed more bosses and the end feels kinda rushed, like you fight a lot of enemies just to gain levels for the final boss (which was freaking amazing, imo)."
,Recommended,237930,10218778,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Telzareck,This game is one of my favorite games of 2014!- Interesting and different combat system- Amazing Soundtrack- Good story- Very colorful and unique art styleI hope everyone enjoys this game as much as I do!
,Recommended,237930,10314064,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,A Pretty Cool Guy,"Transistor is a game with many, many great aspects, but one inherent flaw that will completely kill the game for many (particularly those who are less gaming-inclined). Let me start with the good bits:- The soundtrack is superb. It's just a small notch below Bastion's. The vocal pieces are great as well.- The art style is clear and concise. It suits the game, and the full-screen images and between-area cutscenes are nice.- The difficulty curve was implemented solidly, and the game includes a ""Limiter"" system (identical to the Idols in Bastion) which allows you to tweak the difficulty as you see fit by adding various new strengths to the enemies.- Combat is a bit clunky, but it makes sense within the game's premise. The Turn() system rectifies this by turning Transistor from an action game into a strategy game -- you have a ""freeze time"" ability which allows you to plan out your next moves and execute them afterwards.- All of your abilities (called Functions) can be equipped as active abilities (4), upgrades for active abilities (2 each), and passive abilities (4). It can get a bit convoluted and for some reason the menus didn't play well with my XBox controller's analog stick, but other than that it was fine.The humongous downside to this game is in death. When you die, your most powerful active ability will ""overload"", rendering it unusable until you have passed enough checkpoints. Essentially, this means that when you die, your character gets significantly less powerful -- and not just for the current encounter, either. Numerous Limiters cause your character to have less MEM (to equip Functions with) and cause those Functions to overload for longer. You could equip a very powerful ability that you don't plan to use to offset this -- but Functions cost MEM to equip, and your MEM is very limited until you approach the maximum value (which won't be until your second playthrough). Even with max MEM, I did not have enough to equip 4 decent actives, 4 passives and all upgrades for each active.This can be an incredibly frustrating process, and I often found myself dying repeatedly on purpose after the first death just to restart so I wouldn't lose everything for so long -- particularly with 10 Limiters on. If you are not very good at video games in general you will get very frustrated very fast, as the game is horribly unforgiving when it comes to death. I consider myself to be pretty OK at games but I still found this a bit irriating -- tolerable during the normal game but downright ridiculous with 10 Limiters.This game could easily be a 9/10, but I feel that dying completely soils an otherwise-wonderful experience. I'd be perfectly ok with flat-out dying and having to restart, or any other penalty really -- but not the one they chose. Not sure what they were thinking.So, all in all,""6/10 it was ok"" - Foffy"
76561198063699280,Recommended,237930,11544520,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Alyana Solaris,Another awesome game from the ompany! Beautiful soundtrack and the voice over acting is beautiful as well! Action is a little hard to get use to but once you do its really enjoyable. And it makes you wanna keep playing even more! So this is a must buy! I am happy I spent my money on this game!
,Recommended,237930,19860961,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Croy,One of my favorite games of 2014. The soundtrack and narration are top notch.
,Recommended,237930,14268079,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,DarkWolf80s,"I absolutely cannot express how beautiful this game is. It is made by the same team that made Baston. And believe me when I say this, the team have taken a huge risk in going forward with this game but in the end, the results was high risks with high rewards. Everything about  this game from stylish design, vibrant music, story, gameplay and art direction just makes you want to go in awe with this game. If you haven’t played this game yet, I would highly recommend that you do and don’t bother waiting for the sales to purchase this game. It is well worth the money along with its soundtrack DLC."
,Recommended,237930,13689974,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Fangs124,"If you enjoyed Bastion, you should try this game.It's distinct enough from Bastion with it's new combat system, sci-fi theme and unique narration.. but you still get what you'd expect from Supergiant Games."
,Recommended,237930,13137151,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Ham,"This is the kind of story and game that's worth a second, or even third, play through, because the first time around just isn't enough to enjoy every little detail. And the details are definitely worth looking in to. The mechanics are stupidly fun to play with. Darren Korb absolutely knocks it out of the park with the soundtrack much like he did with Bastion. And the story, though you may have some qualms about the ending, is deep and lovely in its own right.The overall experience of the game flows very well, and everything just feels cohesive."
76561198030962263,Recommended,237930,10214822,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,InfestedZerg,Fantastic. Another masterpiece by Supergiant.
76561198045756643,Recommended,237930,11544478,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Spooky Jim Christmas,"Great artstyle, plenty of ability combinations to keep combat fresh, deep emotional storyline and an absolutely amazing soundtrack.11/10"
76561198261533182,Recommended,237930,21649906,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,JH,this game turns my computer into a smoldering pile of ash but it's worth it
,Recommended,237930,14373282,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Particle,"Screw this game, god damn it.  I didn't want my soul to be crushed... but it was. High marks because I did really enjoy the game... just... GOD EFFING DAMN IT... seriously."
,Recommended,237930,10188745,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Borosov,"Before anything, I will preface this and say if you have any interest in ARPG's and are looking for a wonderful and short experience, you SHOULD pick this game up. Well worth the $20 in my opinion.  If you want a detailed explanation, feel free to read and a TLDR is at the bottom.PROS:◘Visually pleasing to the eyes, absolutly gorgeous presentation in both animation and the enviornment.◘Sound design is top notch.◘Narration done throughout the game is fun to listen to.◘Can play with either mouse or keyboard.◘Fairly intriguing theme and story get you interested◘Should run fairly well on most machines.◘Fairly challenging as you can easily be ""killed"" multiple times during any battle.○When you ""die"" in combat, 2 things can happen: The first is on the brink of death you engage a emergency Turn mode (Turn is explained later below) and can fight to kill a few more enemies. The second possibility is that you ""break"" a function from combat for a while, and after visiting 2 (or more) Function Kiosks you can reactive them. If you break them, you are then forced to play around with your kit to experiment with new loadouts.◘Variety of combat with many different enemies with various different upgrade versions of them.◘Absolutely STELLAR combat system along with the configurations along with it (Which are detalied below)○As you play the game, you obtain various skills and upgrades through leveling up or finding them around the world and they are called Functions.○You can use these Functions in 3 ways: The first is the Active Function which you use for combat that does its base effect. The second is the Upgrade Function, where you take one of your Functions and use it to augment another Active Function, giving it special or different effect. And lastly is the Passive Function, in which you take a Function and put it into a passive state where it will always give a effect, or activate at specific under different conditions. EVERY Function in the game connects together in one way or another.○As you play the game, you are allowed to fight in either real time where you cast your abilities against the enemies movements and actions with no cooldown penalty, engage the Turn system to pause the game and tactically decide how you want to approach the situation. In Turn you can move almost instantly anywhere and manually aim your shots and action which are limited by a action bar. You then execute the procedure and watch your plan unfold rapidly. However, the downside to this is that once you are done with your Turn actions, you cannot use your abilities until your Turn meter has recharged. Because of these 2 systems you have a choice as to how you want to fight your battles.◘You can use ""limiters"" to further increase the difficulty of the game and gain a small amount of bonus EXP for leveling.◘New game plus mode with all of your stuff you unlocked.CONS:◘The UI can be just a little bit wonky with assigning Functions to various roles.◘Because the story is not made apparently clear at first, you can easily get lost.◘Turn actions that detail the effects may not always be accurate, as enemies may dodge and it doesn't tell you that information.◘May be just a bit short for some, as I and other have managed to beat the game at around 6 hours.◘Because there is new game plus and not much more, some people may not find a lot of replayability from this, resulting a 6 hour experience for $20 dollars.◘The only real set of graphics options are just resolutions.TLDR: Great combat, visuals and fun for ARPG fans. Can be beaten in about 6 hours, and depending on the user the new game plus can offer replayability.Can be of a bumpy ride for the first hour for people to get used to, but you get over it quickly.Overall, I feel that just about everyone should buy this beauty. The devs that made this deserve every dollar they earn and then some for the amount of effort and love that was poured into this game."
76561197997489666,Recommended,237930,10203853,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Rogue Physicist,"Transistor is an RPG by the creators of Bastion. Similarly to their previous game, the art, story, and sound design are all fantastic. The combat is a weird hybrid between real-time and turn-based that will probably be hit-or-miss with most people. The robust skill system was incredible and is probably one of Transistor's best features.The combat is different than most other games. You can move and attack in real time, but you'll find it difficult to survive without using the Turn() feature. Turn() pauses the game and allows you to plan out your next few movements and attacks. The planned actions will then be executed very quickly, without the enemies being able to attack or move. Turn() then goes on cooldown for a few seconds and most of your skill won't be usable. This creates a turn-like tempo in the the fights where you attack with Turn() and then play defensively when it's on cooldown.  The combat takes a little getting used to and won't be for everyone, but it really works well with the skill system.The skill system is one of the games best features. I didn't unlock all of the skill on the first playthough, but there are at least 16 of them. Each skill can be used in 3 ways.1. Active Skill: The skills you use in combat. You get 4 active skill slots.2. Augementation: Each active slot has two augmentation slots which alter the effect of the active skill.3. Passive Skill: Each skill has a different passive effect when placed in one of the 4 passive slots.Although this seems to be overly complex, you only start with a couple skills, the 4 active slots, and an augmentation slot for each of them. You gain additional skills and slots when you level up so the game does a good job of easing you into the skill system. Furthermore, the game does an excellent job of pushing you to experiement and try new skill combinations. I had a lot of fun experimenting with the skills and trying to find effective combinations.In conclusion, Transistor is a great game. If you liked Bastion, or are a fan of turn based RPGs, you should get this game. If you're unsure that you'll like the combat, you should look at a couple gameplay videos, but try not to spoil the story for yourself."
,Recommended,237930,11268276,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Scratch17,"SuperGiant Games have seriously outdone themselves. Transistor is an amazing game. Visually, it's absolutely stunning. Gorgeous and complex in some places, and stark and stylized in others, you end up just looking around, taking your time to soak in all the visual details. Coupled with the absolutely enchanting soundtrack, it just sets the tone of the game perfectly. The combat is pretty smart and highly customizable as well, although the real-time aspect of it is a bit clunkier than, for example Bastion's, but that's not the main focus in Transistor. The story is kinda told to you through the Transistor sword; more as a companion than a narrator this time. You can also choose your level of involvement in the story as well, which is always a nice feature. You can play through in a straight line, or take your time and find all the little details of the city of Cloudbank and its citizens.Overall, a very VERY hearty recommendation for Transistor. Well done, SuperGiant."
,Recommended,237930,10256035,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Jasian48,"If you've played Bastion and liked it, Transistor won't disappoint.  The narration still isn't gimicky, the combat is exciting, strategic, and customizable.  As always, the music and artwork are fantastic, and the hum feature is wicked cool.Personally, I don't think it's as good as Bastion, but as a stand-alone game it's incredible."
,Recommended,237930,22261640,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,dit2,A love story between a mute woman and a talking sword. Beautiful.One of the few games to make me cry (srs)
76561197994184251,Recommended,237930,11093279,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Mud,"Enjoy this game a ton, really like the gameplay but the art (both visual and audio) blew me away."
,Recommended,237930,20633543,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Lamanai,"Game Name: TransistorOriginal Release: 2014Personal Rating: AEstimated Playtime:18 HoursMultiplayer/Coop?: NonePlayed on: Steam ControllerTransistor is an indie game created from the same makers of Bastion. It is a unique rpg that has an interesting balance between turn-based gameplay and real time gameplay.Controls: When I played this, I used the Steam Controller. It wasn’t hard to use at all, and it seemed rather natural to use a controller with the game. Joystick seemed prime for the movement option, and the four buttons on the face of the controller worked really well with the four skills that you have to use in-game.Graphics: This isn’t a Crysis level of graphics. Coming straight out of an indie studio, it seems unique and more like art. Cut-scenes mix in well with the 2.5D gameplay, and it’s easy to figure out what is happening as time goes on.Music: Much like Bastion, Supergiant Games (the creators) release excellent soundtracks and this is no exception. Between the songs that you unlock and Red’s (the Main Character) humming, you find yourself playing the game for the music instead of the gameplay.Overall: Transistor has a unique and potent combination of great music, easy controls and compelling gameplay, all within a fun game with an interesting plot. No super strategy is needed as you will eventually figure out the game throughout time. I would recommend it at any price, but it does drop down during the sales."
,Recommended,237930,24279786,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,MEMEDEMON,"This game defines ""PERFECTION"" in its genreArt             = 100/10Music        = 999999/10Gameplay = 20/10Action        = *cannot be defined in numbers*Basically, this game takes your expectation on a Date *winks*"
,Recommended,237930,16997539,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Rapapara,What did you do Red?10/10
76561198076819067,Recommended,237930,10208477,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Arduino,"Trilha sonora impecável, jogabilidade inovadora e VA exelente. Talvez um pouco curto, mas com certeza um dos melhores jogos que já joguei. O unico ponto negativo é que ele não tem muito conteudo inovador na sua segunda ida."
,Recommended,237930,10194970,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,digitalshot,"Truly a remarkable game. Amazing storytelling, voice acting, artwork, soundtrack and gameplay. I highly recommend this game"
,Recommended,237930,11524824,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Aliandris,"Splendid game.  Fantastic sound track.  Quite marvellous.The custom attack system is spectacularly well designed.  The combat tests are, likewise, quite clever in how they teach you the aspects of combat without cramming it down your throat.The game is subtle, thoughtful, and serene while also being powerful and terrifying.  Magnificent."
,Recommended,237930,12290457,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,kymtastic,"The atmosphere, as you might expect from the trailers, is incredible. What you won't understand from the footage is just how finely woven the storytelling is for a game whose main character has had her voice removed in the story. It starts in medias res (in the middle of the action), and unfolds plot points through beautifully illustrated flashbacks, the transistor's dialogue, and even the game mechanics themselves. Your skills are traces of people, and as you use these skills in more varied ways you unlock more information about the person the trace is from, the world they lived in and the cabal of characters they came in contact with. Combat is clever and surprisingly fast paced for the sort that lets you jump into a paused planning mode. Take advantage of the Sandbox planning areas, Red's humming mechanic and unlocking all the information in traces and limiters. Though your character can't speak, her personality is revealed through the transistor, her input into computer terminals, her actions or lack of during cutscenes, and the soundtrack that you will absolutely not regret buying. The story is deep enough to make sense and propel you forward while still leaving you wide open to theory crafting at the end. My only complaint is that I don't want to leave the game and the <10 hours of gameplay, while bittersweetly satisfying, will not be enough to appease you once you've fallen head over heels in love with this world."
,Recommended,237930,10257682,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,pyg.my,"Transistor is one of the most breathtakingly beautiful games I've ever played. Solid, simple, yet engaging gameplay coupled with an intriguing story brings the game to life. The soundtrack is simply fantastic and Bastion's narrator, Logan Cunningham, returns with yet another stunning performance."
,Recommended,237930,10238457,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,DizzyE,"This was a great game and a work of art.A lot of complaints about price, but its cheaper Dollar/Hour than a movie at the theatre, so i say go for it.Similar and different to Bastion. Has limiters that let you toughen up the game to your liking as well which Hardcore gamers can appreciate."
,Recommended,237930,13746181,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Atlas Fontaine,Awesome strategic game with a great pause combat function to really bring out a unique feel. Feel more powerful as you level up only to find some prick blocks your strategic view now. Fun and challenging to play.
,Recommended,237930,11809429,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Golden Neckbeard,"Gameplay that's fresh and satsifying, as frantic or strategic as you prefer. Visual and musical aesthetics both stunningly beautiful and invested with meaning. Characters with human personalities and beleivable, even tragic, motivations. Cryptic settings and strange mysteries, and perspective-shifting revelations for those who solve them. Examinations of ideas like love, death, personal agency, political power, human identity and conciousness and rarely with a clean conclusion.This is a genuine masterpeice. I'll still be thinking about it years from now."
,Recommended,237930,10223562,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,"gozieson,what is vektorz?!","Playing this game after my exams ended was possibly the best way to reward myself after cramming all 6 weeks of medical knowledge in 8 hours thee day before the exams.This game has an excellent combat system, allowing you the opportunity to experiment and find your playstle and suit it as such. The artwork of the game excellently crafted, a nice complementary soundtrack and the story just brimming with wanton wonder.It's amazing how Supergiant Games can pull another rabbit out of the hat after their success that is Bastion, but with the time they invested into Transistor, I'd say that it was work and time well used.I have yet to play the New Game+ mode yet, but you can be sure that I'll be back to check out  the new things in the game itself that it has to offer.Still hesitant? Don't be, this is one of the most thought-provoking and immersive game that you will ever play."
,Recommended,237930,10377060,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,AudioEmu,"First off, beware. This game is short.That said, I loved it. Story is confusing, but in a good way. Makes you think, makes you work for the backstory. I also REALLY did not see some of the plot points coming. Gameplay is fun, and very customizable. You have the sandbox zone for the occasional change of pace. It's a game that I feel like should seem grindy, but isn't at all. I had fun from beginning to end.New game+ is fun, though in my limited encounters with it it is just the original game but with your progress saved.Worth 20 bucks? I would say maybe, but ONLY because of the short length. Wait for a sale or price drop, this game is worth every penny of 10-15 dollars."
,Recommended,237930,10247624,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,<<Scorpio Uprising>>,Wow! This game is so pretty. Blooooooomin onion for days!!
,Recommended,237930,10244990,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Bad Neighbor,You are not ready for how dark the ending is.
76561198040387356,Recommended,237930,11080329,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,0x2DA24FCC,"I have controversial feelings about this game.It has great things like gameplay, atmosphere, interesting ideas, quality sound and graphics.But the plot is rather dull. You don't understand what happened, why happened, who are these people and what is going on. It feels like the authors wanted to make impression of deep meaning and mistery with all these unspoken things, or probably it should contribute to teh drama - but at the end it boils down to just messy heap of random facts and random words.Plus, overliance on the background narrator (the sword, in this case) is really annoying. He talks just for the sake of talking.I still can recommend it, but it is significantly weaker than Bastion."
,Recommended,237930,11703530,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Busch,"It was initally the track ""Old Friends"" from the trailer that drew me in so it was very much a case of came for the music, stayed for the experience.Storyline is an inbetween lines tale of love admist revenge.Gameplay is a fusion of real time hack and slash similar to Bastion but at a slower pace with the ""Turn Mode"" being like a tactical mode similar to V.A.T.S via the recent Fallout games (3 and New Vegas). Overall gameplay is not complicated and encourages experimentation with rewarding results. Also there are options via ""Limiters"" to increase the difficulty and affect consequntly how you utilize many of the protagonist's abilites as you level up.  Battles can be long and enduring, but this is very much true to life itself.The music and art style is what gives this game it's atmosphere. The soundtrack is an eclectic fusion of dissonance and consonance with genres such as eletronica, rock,  downbeat, jazz and vocal. There are quite a few notable tracks that are awesome to listen to for pure audial pleasure. Art style is very reminiscent of the late 19th century styles with Art Nouveau, Henri de Toulouse-Lautrec and Gustav Klimt.Transistor is a wonderful game for its subtle poetic atmosphere and storyline that verges into the territory of Romanticism with Heinrich von Kleist.A beautiful game!"
,Recommended,237930,19652058,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Adry9,"A deep combat system and an interesting, yet sometimes confusing, story, are wrapped by an incredible art direction and a nice soundtrack to make an Action RPG that doesn't overstay its welcome."
,Recommended,237930,11237000,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Marcelus,A very poetic and musical story between transistors and beautiful sprites. The gameplay style is simple (not as deep as I wanted) but very enjoyable. The soundtrack is the best of 2014 and one of my favorite in it's style (wich is weird that is not a really predefined thing).The only bad thing I find about Transistor is it's length. But at the end you will need another playthrough to enjoy better the plot and complete the lore.100% recommended. One of the best games I've played in 2014.
,Recommended,237930,10375284,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Sgt. Villalobos [29th Ret.],"Awesome game, has a incredible soundtrack and well built world. This game is very artistic though (which I think is awesome, but some people might not enjoy it), though it has a solid gameplay. Definatly for those who want something different with a beautiful story."
,Recommended,237930,10195954,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,TJ,"Transistor is one of the best games I have played. It has the same amazing art style as bastion, and the soundtrack is just as awesome. the combat was strange to get used to not having played a game that uses that style of combat before. and the story will take you about 6 hours to finish with some replayability."
,Recommended,237930,11435362,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Red,"Honestly... I didn't like the look of this game when I first saw it. I watched review after review and I was constantly balancing on the bridge on whether or not to purchase it. Eventually I decided to take a leap of faith considering that the same company brought out Bastion. At first I was confused with the game mechanics, but I caught on relatively quickly. As usual, the artwork is amazing. And Don't get me started on the storyline... It sounds simple, a beautiful protagonist is stripped of everything and fights back to regain what was hers. But by the end of the game you are truely attached to Red and The Transister.If you loved Bastion, give this a go.And if that didn't pursuade you... The Transistor is voiced by the same guy who Narrarated Bastion.I weapt... I weapt like a little girl in this game and I am not affraid to admit it"
,Recommended,237930,10183123,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Nintendo_Hotline (Lucian04),"A near flawless Cyber Punk adventure.  The art work, animation, story, deceptively complex battle systems and amazing audio combine to make Transistor qualify as a -redacted- the ""Must Play"" title!  I do not care what platform you purchase this game on, just buy it and show Supergiant Games as much love as they've poured into this isometric masterpiece! <3"
,Recommended,237930,18783142,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,kyoukq,is good
,Recommended,237930,10314161,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Níðhöggr,"Transistor is a beautiful and breathtaking experience that I'd recommend to anyone who enjoyed Bastion. For those whose first experience with Super Giant Games is Transistor, be prepared for a fantastic five hours, filled with wonderfully emotional music, a great story and plenty of replay value."
,Recommended,237930,11199030,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,madsen,"This game is everything you'd expect from SuperGiant Games, which is great, but also a little disappointing. The artwork, music, story and acting is phenomenal, and the gameplay is rock solid --- just like Bastion, by which I mean that it's great like Bastion is great, but also that it's great in pretty much the exact same ways that Bastion is great. It's not Bastion 2, but you wouldn't know it if it wasn't for the title. I can certainly understand that it'd be nearly impossible for SuperGiant Games to release a game without having it constantly compared to Bastion --- and maybe that's why they chose to not deviate too much from what made Bastion amazing. I don't know. But I have already played Bastion and been thoroughly amazed by it. Obviously a second iteration of the formula isn't going to leave the same impression, and thus Transistor falls a little flat, which is completely unfair to say after using adjectives such as ""phenomenal"" and ""rock solid"" about it, but that's the reality. It's a phenomenal and rock solid game that somehow doesn't quite impress as much as you'd expect it to. I'd still recommend it in a heartbeat though. And, I do want to say that the biggest deviation from SuperGiant Games' previous indie smash hit, the combat system, is really, really good and it makes battles feel very futuristic, manageable and awesome.TL;DR: This game has everything that Bastion had --- and more. And that is, however weird it may sound, probably its weakest point."
,Recommended,237930,10294960,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,BornFlunky,"A fantastic, atmospheric game, through and through. A killer score, impressive visuals, open-yet-in-depth story elements, fantastic narration, and a combat system that makes every fight a tense and satisfying one.This will probably be my Game of the Year, just as Bastion was. Expect the best from Supergiant Games -- they will deliver."
,Recommended,237930,13678672,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Heroxoot,One of the best single player experiences I have ever had. This game is what I would consider a type of tactical RPG. It is very well done and the battle mechanics are very enjoyable and well done. This game will really make you think about your actions.
,Recommended,237930,13532986,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,SeventhOblivion,Great music. Flexible mechanics that encourage experimentation.
,Recommended,237930,13911423,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Luna Sy,Love this game's art style and Red's character design. It's like me and whoever's responsible for the game's visuals have very similar tastes.Very in-depth combat system that allows for tons of customization.
76561198038649831,Recommended,237930,10245546,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Tyranny of Fire,"If you like a game that is immersive, unique, and challenging with a great story then this is the game for you. 10/10"
76561198073478611,Recommended,237930,10189316,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Wolfprints,"Fantastic game with a unique combat system with astounding number of possibilities. Combine that with the incredible artwork and soundtrack, and this game was well worth the wait."
,Recommended,237930,10279120,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Bradnthings,its a good video game
76561198017484021,Recommended,237930,11878415,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Shohihi,This is a great story about a woman put in a hard situation she never asked for and how she deals with it. The graphics are just what we would expect: great and beautiful. The combat system is innovative while being recognizable. I've played through it twice and working on a third.
,Recommended,237930,11532944,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Shadow Hugger,"Very rarely is it that a game can surprise me - and Transistor managed to surprise me with just about everything.  It set the perfect mood with its beautiful art style and soundtrack.  The gameplay was variable without being overbearing and tied into the storytelling elements with seamless grace.  In short, Transistor is the kind of game I get to play perhaps once every couple of years, if I'm lucky, and it will stay with me for a very long time to come.  Mainstream titles wish they were as good as this.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QyX-qjFV9YM"
,Recommended,237930,10186721,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Zekter,"A good game, although didn't get the same feelings I did playing Bastion. Ending was a bit disappointing, and it felt way too linear compared to the first one. For the positives, really nice way of having the combat.You can choose between either action styled combat similar to what Bastion had, or a more strategy focused approach, which in a way was similar to Frozen Synapse. Also they kept the artstyle similar to Bastion, but improved a lot on it as well.New to this game is also a really nice flexible ability system, where you can decide to use your new weapons as weapons, additions to old weapons or as passive abilities. This makes it so that you have seemingly endless options when it comes to your playstyle.In my opinion no characters aside from the main character were noteworthy, which is kind of a shame, since that contributed a lot to Bastion's atmosphere.I shouldn't really be comparing it this much to Bastion, as they aren't directly related to each other, but I think a lot of people wanting to buy this is because they want it to be a similar experience.As a conclusion I'd recommend this game to everyone who liked Bastion, but it doesn't quite live up to the expectations (storywise) I had after playing the first one."
,Recommended,237930,10895224,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Auto,Can't ♥♥♥♥ the sword with the hot voice.0/10
76561197997068175,Recommended,237930,10191260,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Phantasmagoria,"Where do i even start. This game is breathtaking, it's a masterpiece, the pinnacle of art in gaming.Whoever doubts games to be artistic should feel ashamed, the world is fully realized, it's captivating and ambigous.The gameplay may be short but it has replay value on the recursive mode, but it's worth the money.Did i mention that the music in this game made me shiver instantly? It's that good!They did a great work on this game, it's easily a solid 10/10 in my book.Oh and yes, i did shed a few tears in the end."
,Recommended,237930,10366421,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,DR33M,"This is by far the best game released during 2014 so far. Yes, that's it, that's all I'm going to say. Now go play it!Story: 10/10Visuals: 10/10Soundtrack: 10/10Voice Acting: 10/10"
,Recommended,237930,10184458,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Dr.Doctor,"Dystopian stylings of a more genteel Neuromancer, lacquered with Supergiant's introversion and narrative.  Plays like a mashup of Final Fantasy Tactics and Zelda. Action RPG at its finest.  A techno-infused Bastion: a strong second showing for this studio.  Highly recommended.Imagery evokes a midnight lantern festival.  Music, haunting and soulful.Only thing that could use improvement is the customization interface, but that doesn't take long to get over.  The flexibility of its systems is limitless.  Well, worth digging into for the min-maxing enthusiasts.  If you like RPGs and have decent reflexes for action games, go for it!"
,Recommended,237930,10879092,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,fragranthills,"Just a great game all-around.Most everybody that's interested in this game will be comparing it to Bastion, so we'll go with that metric.In terms of gameplay, Transistor is quite different than Bastion.  Yes, they're both top-down hack-and-slashes at heart, but while Bastion's beating heart lies squarely in twitch/dodge/attack mechanics, Transistor is a more contemplative experience with its Turn() system.  In fact, the grand majority of Transistor ends up playing much more like a tactics game than a hack-and-slash game; use of skills outside of Turn() is limited and you'll spend most of your time outside of Turn() playing keep-away.  Some people may find this a downgrade, but if you're the sort of person that enjoyed Bastion and also logged hundered-hour files in tactical RPG games (myself included) you'll find yourself comfortable in the world of Transistor.In terms of style, Transistor is very much cut from the same cloth as Bastion.  That's to be expected when Bastion was such a beautiful and lovingly crafted game.  Painterly visuals abound, and Darren Korb (music) and Logan Cunningham (primary voice actor) are both back in top form, as I'm sure everyone not living in a cave is aware.  Come for the audio-visual niravana, stay for the gameplay.As far as criticisms are concerned, stability of the game is still a bit lower than could be desired at this point; I had to play around with the files of the game to overcome the dreaded startup crash bug that many people have been complaining of.  A minor criticisim:  If you're the sort of person that doesn't play around with the dynamic difficulty system (Bastion's Pantheon : Transistor's Limiters) you may find the game easy once you've unlocked some of the more powerful functions (I found it a bit trivial even with half the limiters on).  A New Game + feature and use of all the limiters is an easy remedy for those wanting more gameplay and more challenge.Three things that are fab:# Turn() system and executing sets that make you feel like a genius# Wonderfully detailed world and story# Extra story exposition linked to use of Functions for that extra bit of OCD fodderThree things that are butt:# May not work immediately on some computers# No Steamplay support as of yet# A bit easy for those seeking a teeth-grinding experienceAll in all, Transistor is a wonderful nugget of a game that you shouldn't hesistate to pick up, even at its introductory price-point.  If you liked Bastion for its artistic elements, you'll love Transistor, and if you enjoy tactical games you may end up liking Transistor even more than Bastion.  I know I did!  The main story lasted me roughly nine hours when doing everything available, and I have a bit of a completionist bent.  I have just started a New Game+ session."
,Recommended,237930,10263810,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,SinnerCoco,"Gorgeous game! Loved it to bits, the ending threw a curve ball of mixed emotions at me though hahahaha"
76561198020478540,Recommended,237930,10228972,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,JJ Black,"Transistor - the followup game to Supergiant's Bastion - does exactly what it's pedecessor does. Delivering a polished top down action-RPG with a narrative driven storyline. The game has a pronounced ""interactive storybook"" feeling resulting from the games total linearity but to be fair the book is pretty damn good.Logan Cunningham's narration of Bastion was one of the most prominent features of Bastion and in Transistor he fulfills much the same role. Being your ever present companion he lends the game a magical yet melancholy feel. He exposes you to the concept of the world, the story and the characters without overexplaining anything and leaving you to fill in the blanks.The combat is no slouch either. 16 different moves can be combined or used as passive improvements and tested in the many encounters scattered throughout the storyline. How about firing a blast that scatters into bombs which scatter into more bombs when they explode...and then scatter into even more bombs afterwards - yeah.The music is really awesome as well and supplements the feel of the whole game perfectly. I'm just in love with the song ""The Spine"".A highly imaginitive game, an adult fairy tale, emotionally and intellectually stimulating - the full package. A really enjoyable experience. It just leaves me wondering what Supergiant Games' next storybook is going to be like.10/10 - Showing that not every game has to be a sandbox!(If combat is too hard: try Spark()+Mask()+Purge() and the Bounce() Passive and just spam it)"
76561198130370074,Recommended,237930,23854419,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Vanellope,Its been two years and i still think a lot about this game. 5 euro (summersale) is far too less for a masterpiece like this. buy it if you dont have it already! you wont regret it.
,Recommended,237930,10195093,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,mosaicorange,"To all those that have only played 2 hours and think the combat is boring, you have to give the combat a chance. Once Red obtains new functions and you turn on all the limiters it actually becomes quit strategic and the multitudes of function combinations is just staggering.The Music and Art direction is phenomenal.The story is mediocre, and sometimes the voice over work just seems off, however that is not a common occurrence.There are still some launch day bugs, but this is just the first week I guess.It's a great game, marred only be its brevity. Ran the course of the game twice. Generally had on limiters a majority of the time, finished at about 50% into level 29, 30 is the cap, confirmed on my third play through. All this took me about 20 hours, where as with Bastion I put in 35 to accomplish everything.The second playthrough was actually better in my opinion, because it opened up some new challenges.I wish it had an arena with hordes of enemies like Bastion, which was my favorite part of that game."
,Recommended,237930,10192960,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Naomi64,"Transistor and the Studio's previous title Bastion, have some similarities. I may refer to Bastion for some notes, however to avoid confusing those who haven't played Bastion, I will refrain from mentioning it if possible.For the short version of this review:+ Absolutely fantastic art style, which can be seen in the environments, as well as enemy designs and your own character.+ Beautiful soundtrack, still listening to it now. Most of the songs (if not all of them) have been uploaded to Supergiant's official youtube page to listen to.+ Narration has plenty of dialogue for optional parts of the game, as well as lines during combat.+ Planning takes the center stage in combat. Transistor mode allows you to stop time, to set out some orders and execute them.+ 10+ abilities you can select from, all with interesting combinations to try out.+ NG+ brings stronger enemies and some new lines of dialogue to your second playthrough- The game is pretty short, I only got about 8 hours from the first playthrough.- Not the most challenging game, but itcanbecome difficult if you add in 'limiters' in the form of extra difficulty options.- Frequent freezing if you've been playing for a few hours at a time, including during combat. I've heard of crashes, but haven't experienced them myself yet.+/- PC controls are pretty good, but may require you to get adjusted.+/- Story leaves a lot to personal interpretation, while some solid conclusion is given, some may not be content with what is there.Now for the details.StoryThis is a bit touchy, as I feel most of the story is really revealed in the second half of the game, or at the end, so I won't go into to much detail. At the start of the game, you're introduced as, Red a famous singer who has lost her voice and her friend to a strange group of individuals. Your friend's mind is thrown into a sword, the Transistor, which is the only weapon you'll use through the entire Journey. You begin following the only trail you have, seeking answers. Why you? What is their end goal? What is happening to the city? As your progress, you'll get your answers, and you'll watch as the world around you changes. Will you be truly satisfied with these answers though?Enivornments and Art StyleThis is mostly subjective I suppose. However the art style present feels unique, or at least like a mix of other influencing styles. The blend of realistic environments with this strange cyber-esque world creates a very surreal feeling to the world, which is only further added to by the art style. Enemies encountered called 'processes' are very machine like in nature.SoundtrackThe soundtrack is an interesting mix of genres, with Darren Korb's personal spin on all of them. Individual songs vary quite a bit. Some songs are very dramatic vocal heavy pieces, that will have you just gushing over the singer's fantastic voice. Other's will get you deeply rooted into the atmosphere, providing a great backdrop for walking around the interesting enviroments. There is of course, good combat music as well. I'm still listening to the sound track, as I write this review actually.NarrationThis is where the mention of Bastion has to come in. Bastion (as most of you likely know) had a great narration system, which had an interesting personality narrate your actions throughout the game, highlighting key moments. Transistor uses the same voice actor, for a slightly different system. Instead the narrator, is an actual character, or rather your sword. That's right your sword talks to you throughout the game. He will comment on specific spots and regions, his thoughts and opinions. Sarcastic remarks are thrown around as well occasionally. In combat he will make comments based on your actions, such as when you execute a turn, or if you lose too much health.While this is personal taste, I find this style of 'narration' much more interesting than Bastion's narration. In Bastion, it seemed as if he was just telling the story of the protagonist, maybe even to someone else. In Transistor, he plays a character, he frequently talks to Red, not some ambiguous audience. This adds some personality to both Red and the Transistor. As he spoke throughout the game I grew an attachment to him, and a level of appreciation. Red and the Transistor also seem to grow together throughout the game, even if they are only small subtle ques. I suppose this is a bit hard to convey though, as Red can't speak.GameplayThe gameplay is relatively simple at first, you have four abilities at your disposal, that can be activated with the right click and aimed with the mouse. You move with ASWD or left mouse click. It gets a little more interesting when the Transistor mode is brought in. Transistor mode allows you to stop time to move and use your abilites to plan your attack, and then execute it. Then of course, there's a cooldown between turns. This is probably the meat of the combat, more options besides your four abilites will open up to be used in interesting ways.Your four abilities have one initial modifier slot. These modifier slots obviously modify the ability, using other abilites. For example, Crash can be modified with Jaunt to be usable inbetween turns. Or you can combine Ping with Crash to proc mini-stuns on your target. Eventually you can unlock two modifier slots for your abilities which will introduce more options. Such as a Crash that splits into three projectiles and explodes on impact. Keep in mind there are about 10 abilities, so the combinations can get a bit crazy. This however, makes it all the more fun.Overall:It's a fantastic game with plenty to offer in terms of execution and style, but it feels lacking in the amount of content it has to deliver. It may be a normal length singleplayer game (by today's standards), it still doesn't offer a large quantity. However the quality debatably makes up for the short length. For some, this will leave a lasting impression, an experience you won't forget. One that has such a unique combat system, combined with a beautiful soundtrack, art style, and presentation. If you don't care for that stuff however, this game might not be your sort of thing. Don't expect an open world sandbox experience.Final Rating: 7.5 / 10"
76561198040189617,Recommended,237930,10235434,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Opner,"This gives about 6 to 7 hour of gameplay, and it didn't dissapoint me at all. If some people are wondering if it's like bastion, it has good artstyle and 3d characters. The combat is way more interesting and strategy based than skill based. Only game i worked to get badges."
,Recommended,237930,10198537,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Tundra Scorpion,"From the creative geniuses at Supergiant Games comes Transistor, a birds-eye sci-fi RPG with a strategic twist in its gameplay functions that creates a gaming experience that is both refreshing and unique in today's video game market.The first thing the player will notice in the game is the art-style and narrative reminiscent of Bastion; stylized environments, characters and enemies that can be instantly recognized and a story that is unveiled in little pieces through the smooth tones of the games narrator, who is actually the talking sword you're using throughout the game. Which creates a much more atmospheric effect than Bastion as the narrator is sharing in your experience instead of outlining what happens as you play.Transistor's story is difficult to percieve at the beginning, but as the player progresses and pays attention to the narrative and ques from the world one can piece it together over time.For the gameplay, Transistor is similar to Bastion in the birds-eye view controls and sporadic groups of enemies that have different strengths and weaknesses that you must approach in a careful manner or else you risk exposing yourself to more damage than needed. However, that is where the similarities between the two games end. Transistor uses a ""Turn()"" function that allows the player to pause combat in order to plan out their movements and attacks, then executing them in rapid succession, Turn() is mildly similar to the VATS system in Fallout 3, but much more unique and reactive than simply ""clik on whurr u wanna shewt and hope u dunt miss"". Turn() is useful for allowing yourself to punch a hole through enemy defences or to allow yourself some breathing room. However the drawback that must be taken into consideration is the short cooldown after Turn() ends, during which you are completely vulnerable as you cannot attack until the cooldown duration ends. Turn() gives players endless possibilities when combined with the notable selection of specific attacks that you are given access to, which can range from a simple energy blast to a quick dash, and even summoning a friendly unit to help you in combat (which can also be controlled during Turn()). One thing that makes the combat fast-paced and reactive are the ""cells"" dropped by all enemies when killed. Cells have a roughly 10 second cooldown timer when dropped, and if aren't picked up before the duration ends the enemy you just killed will respawn with full health, which in my opinion makes the combat much more dynamic and fast paced.Another point of interest in the combat system is the power selection and upgrade system. The player gathers a good selection of abilities throughout the game, but you can only equip four at a time. Never fear, because you can take the other abilities you gathered and use them to upgrade the abilities you currently have equipped to create powerful combinations. The only thing keeping you from upgrading yourself to over-powered proportions and keeping the gameplay balanced is the memory, which will require consideration while upgrading.Finally, instead of chugging down health regenerating items in combat like in Bastion, the player instead needs to be absolutely mindful of their current health. When your health is depleted you will automatically enter an ""Emergency Turn()"" that gives you the chance to eliminate the immediate threat. But once you execute the Turn() you still only have one hitpoint left, and if you get hit again during the cooldown you will return to full health but one of your abilites will be ""overloaded"" and cannot be used until you reach an ""access point"" (which not only act as save points but also are the only places where you can equip and upgrade your abilities). Esentially your abilities act as your lives, and the more you ""die"" at a certain area, the more difficult that area will become.To summarize, Transistor is in my opinion much more fun than Bastion and a game I thoroughly enjoy playing. I honestly recommend Transistor to all who are reading this review."
,Recommended,237930,10789902,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Isobutane,I may lose friends over how much I'm going to talk about this game's beauty and soundtrack.
76561198088786626,Recommended,237930,12930091,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Wedge_Antilles_,Transistor is an intelligent jaunt through a cyber-like world. The art is phenomenal and the music is gorgeous.
,Recommended,237930,11880297,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,thealexbane,"Amazing, Beutiful, Immersive"
,Recommended,237930,11720279,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,CowpieMike,"Great follow-up, captivating story and a stellar soundtrack. 10/10, Must buy."
,Recommended,237930,10911866,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,AwooDeathSquads,"The stunning combination of gorgeous graphics design, looking good story and awesome soundtrack. I got a feeling of  walking through an art gallery while playing, and the last part of the game is especially spectacular.Gameplay is pretty simple since you just enter the tactics mode, beat the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of the enemies and then run around for several seconds avoiding being #rekt. Then repeat it when transistor is ready for the next turn. And It's getting easier by the end without process limiters (items enabling the hardmode).20 hours worth of all achievements unlocked. Oh god, 10/10."
,Recommended,237930,11142102,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Soysaucebeast,"You need to play this game, now. I don't care who you are. Play it."
,Recommended,237930,11065570,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,nagN,"Transistor is quite possibly one of the best games to come out in the past 5 years.Everything about this game hits the sweet spot in a way I can only hope to convey in words, The world building is masterful and I would expect no less from the likes of Super Giant games being the master of the art. The gameplay is a mesh of Tactical RPG and an Action RPG, There being a way to switch between real time and the planning stage makes the game go as fast as you want it to go and tailors your combat choices accordingly. The story is somewhat the games weakpoint as it is somewhat vague but very open to interpretation so it will give you some food for thought. This game is worth £30, let alone £15 and should be a must play for people who are into masterful worlds and and rich gameplay. My only complaint would be that the game is a bit on the short side but that is fixed by new game plus letting you keeping all your upgrades and functions while starting from the beginning of the game again. Transistor is a enjoyable albeit short experience that I can recommend to anyone."
,Recommended,237930,13964080,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Raniu,"Transistor. Not too much to say, you spend less than 10 hours of gameplay per playthrough. But what the game has to offer is no doubt worth the money:- 10/10 for game mechanics, balanced variety of functions (abilities) that you can upgrade with each other gives you your unique way of completing the game + there are some hardcore mods for those who seek challenge!- 10/10 for the plot [no spoilers], you're playing as Red, a famous singer of Cloudbank who has lost her voice. And you definitely want to learn how the story ends. It's emotional. Believe me or not but I did shed a tear at some point.- 10/10 for the soundtrack. The music is so outstandingly good. I am speechless, I really am, it's that good.- 10/10 for the graphics. The art is amazing, the world is beautiful. Wandering the walkways of Cloudbank becomes addictive as you discover more and more of this wonderful universe.Yeah, the game doesn't have any crazy 3D looks, multiplayer or whatever it doesn't have that you'd want, but it doesn't really need it. It is perfect. You should've stopped reading this already and gone play it.Not recommending this amazing experience would equal heresy, thus I do recommend this game.11/10, would Transistor again.25 Nov 2016 edit: nominated the game in Steam Awards custom category ""Best eargasm experience""."
,Recommended,237930,24553937,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,yami_san,"Mesmerizing visuals, mysterious atmosphere, really cool battle system where you combine skill with each other to create crazy builds, several types of challenges included, amazing soundtrack.  It's very likely that you won't regret buying it."
,Recommended,237930,27352603,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Squiids,Thisgamegud.
,Recommended,237930,20384904,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,VivaU,I love the games with a good story.Transistor is one of them but everything else is also beautiful in this game! Story is touching.Gameplay is good.Characters are great.Soundtrack is ... Perfect.The only bad thing is that game is kinda short (about 7 hours to beat) but you'll probably want to play it again after that.This game is absolute gem and definitely a must buy. 10/10
,Recommended,237930,24287378,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,mrmustache,"It's been a long time since I've been happy that I spent money on a game. Transistor has blown all of my expectations out of the water with fantastic art style, intelligent battle system, and some of the best music I've encountered in games ever. Worth every penny"
,Recommended,237930,26791630,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,artaline,"Great game with intriguing plot, gorgeous art, and soul wrenching music."
76561197972267848,Recommended,237930,10193483,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Tracer Bullet,"I planned on 'acquiring' the soundtrack after finishing Transistor.Instead, I bought it.That should pretty much sum up how much I enjoyed this game...On more specific notes...Combat: The combat is brilliantly designed, challenging and engaging, with a level of -meaningful- customization that actually hurts to think about. Every time I reached a station where I could change my 'loadout', I did; and everytime, it completely changed the way I interacted with the environment and the enemy. I never 'settled in' to a particular playstyle, because I felt compelled to experiment.Music: It is not only *expletive* amazing, but your character can and *is* be an integral part of it. This is the only game I know of where music is almost more immersive than the story.Graphics\Animation\Art\etc: Look at the screenshots above and then imagine it barely does the game justice. The travel sequences alone are just... yeah...Story: Find out yourself (but I thoroughly enjoyed it).Summary: If you don't have the money to buy the game, perform 'favours' and acquire some."
76561198049935483,Recommended,237930,32859944,Posted: 27 June,all,Adam Jensen,"I had high expectations for this game. Since they are makers that made Bastion, which is a masterpiece, I really expected this game to be even better. And it is. In every single aspect of music to graphics this game is truly worth its price. I recommend it. :)"
,Recommended,237930,32891713,Posted: 27 June,all,Megafreak,"A game with good, original mechanics that doesn't drag on too long and tells a convincing, fresh story."
76561197965094264,Recommended,237930,32910696,Posted: 27 June,all,Ruler of Oz,I am pleased to announce that this is a touch-friendly game.  It is also a very pretty game.
76561198011247880,Recommended,237930,11671876,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Syntic,"Transistor is a beauty of a game, literally. The art-style is to die for... The battle-system takes a little getting used to in the beginning, but its ability customization is top-notch; might even be a bit too much if you wanted a simple hack-and-slash type game (which it is not), but you can almost play it as such.A wonderful game, albeit a tad short, but so worth your money and your time.Short and sweet, perhaps..?"
76561198048623723,Recommended,237930,32909429,Posted: 27 June,all,Skynred,"One word: Functions.Functions are kinda sorta your ""skills"" in Transistor--and it's one of the most interesting skill systems I've ever seem. I like figuring out a good build of my own in anything I play, and Transistor's Functions allow just that.  What the Devs came up with here is brilliant.The game's story is weirdly intriguing. Its graphics and soundtrack are also very charming--but these things are secondary for me. The actual gameplay is what matters, and the game did not disappoint in that regard. To sum up:- You can either fight in real time, or pause, issue Red (your character) commands, watch as she executes it, and then play in real time for a few seconds while your ability to pause and issue orders recharges.- The Functions system, like I said before, is awesome.- The game is adequately challenging: it's hard, but not too much.- The final boss fight is quite interesting as well, rather unique.This is a very well thought-out game--you can feel the love that went into it. It doesn't copy anyone, it's none of that crap of ""hey, everyone's doing zombies or crafting games now, so let's do the same!"" Transistor is different, its refreshing, and its GOOD.The only downside is that it lasts only 7-8 hours. I got through it in one day. On the other hand, it's the only game I've played in 25 years or so of videogames that was very satisfactory even being so short--and there's also a New Game+ mode that let's you keep all your Functions and finally put together that dream build while fighting more and tougher enemies.In as few words as possible: although short, Transistor is totally worth your money."
,Recommended,237930,30484643,Posted: 12 March,all,MrKlocek,"bye()stop( cry() )failed to stop the process.Great game. Both (hopefully not for long) their games are great. I love the way they tell the story by using narrator. Those are probably the only two games where I don't mind main character not speaking.The soundtrack... well I can't stop listening ""The Spine"", and it's totally not my kind of music, so it must be good.So grab some good headphones and try to save the town !"
,Recommended,237930,32978376,Posted: 29 June,all,voiddp,"Amazing game.Original seting and game world - virtualized\digitalized society in dying Cloudbank city.Sad apocaliptic story. Great naration.Gameplaywise it has linear path with handmade battles and arenas, and can be somewhat easy without using included difficulty boosters. I recomend to use all of them you can get, with them battles will often become puzzles of finding skills combination with which you can pass without dying.And soundtrack is very immersive in-game, but also it is great to listen it even standalone.Game atmosphere and narative can be said to resemble Bastion (previous game) but i think this game has more melancholic feel and it is more personalized with main heroes (yes, there are two)."
,Recommended,237930,29701612,Posted: 4 February,all,zypA13510,"Great soundtrack and good story (once you make it out, that is)."
,Recommended,237930,10334759,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,FunK,"This game was made by the same studio that made Bastion. It kept the best part of Bastion and added its own touch.Just like Bastion, this game is not just a game : it's a piece of art.Everything in it is beautiful, the artstyle, design, story telling, and musics are absolutely stunning.I only emailed a dev team - to express my satisfaction with a game - twice : one time for Bastion, the second time for Transistor.BUY IT, It's short but absolutely amazing."
,Recommended,237930,13898608,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,「Spooky Pixel Knight」,"The feels man....the feels. The music is gorgeous, the storyling is amazing, everything about it is beautiful. The music gives the emotional moments even more oomph. I cried from this game. No, really. I seriously cried emotional tears of sadness AND joy to this game. Please, for the sake of your life, buy this game. Play it.On a side-note, it's a strategy/RPG on an isometric landscape. The strategy comes in with how you take out enemies or use their attacks to your advantage. The RPG comes in with how you can setup your abilities in the way you like it.10/10 (if there was a way to say 11/10 without making it sound sarcastic, I would. I would seriously GO OVER THE 10 LIMIT!)"
,Recommended,237930,24480520,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Dierdre,"The art intrigued me into clicking on the trailer... and my heart was lost. From the first beats of the music, to the soothing voice of the narrator... when the second trailer followed, with Her singing, and I was won over. Bought the game in a heartbeat, and I believe even if it wasn't on sale, I would have done the same.It took me 12.5 hours to complete. Truth be told, I'm not good at games. Perhaps a pro would have completed it faster. But I loved lingering around, listening to Red hum... and exploring every nook and cranny just to listen to more of His voice. The game lets you set the pace, with no shortage of save points, and no awful penalties when you can't keep up with the battle mechanics. I followed no guide, and pannicked when I first lost a function - but still I went on, progressing. Sure, the enemies and their upgrades are hard - but after a few rounds of losing, you'd get the hang of it. And hey, hearing His concerned voice in the background makes it well worth the hits.Love everything about the game. 10/10 would play again."
,Recommended,237930,16849589,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,specifilics,"The skyline, voicing, and story are beautiful. This kind of quality is hard to find on the steam store, but some people might find it blander than Bastion."
,Recommended,237930,19141406,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Gooby,"If you want a game with great female vocalists, amazing soundtracks chess on sterioids and a tearjerking end then get Transistor!Seriously why the **** don't you have this game yet"
,Recommended,237930,19382306,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,A Defective Kitty,"One of the most beautiful games I've ever played with one of the most amazing soundtracks. A blend of turn-based combat and action with every technique working as an attack, a self buff, or able to alter other techniques, giving very in-depth customization attacks.  One of those games that leaves you wanting more while leaving you satisfied with the story's length. Again, I cannot emphasize the beauty of the soundtrack."
76561198028287533,Recommended,237930,11576849,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,CheekiBreeki,"A game that challenges the conventions of story telling which is masterfully crafted. The soundtrack is worth buying as well with some amazing origional songs. Just a game unlike anything on the market, and comes highly recommended."
76561197982107576,Recommended,237930,22914690,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,iNocturne,Seriously the best indie game i have ever played. If you don't have it get it now!
,Recommended,237930,10645704,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,✩ Staars ✩,"Oh my god, I can't get over this game. Seriously. What a work of art. I've never seen anything like it. The characters, the atmosphere, the storyline--it's all so incredibly unique! Transistor is dragged along with her by Red throughout the story--and you, as the player, feel just as if you are being dragged right along Red yourself. 10/10 would recommend this game, especially if you're seeking a unique, fresh experience."
,Recommended,237930,20270996,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,BuchLite,"Art : 10,music : 10,story : 10,gameplay : 10,that manly voice : 10,got more skill than Kael : 10,lovely hum : 10,drama romance action : 10,,,,100% will play again from the start."
76561198044814943,Recommended,237930,14040556,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,not nenoe,Wonderful game!The story is so wonderful and the fighting system is very good.I'm a bit sad because of the end. But it was beautiful in all parts.
,Recommended,237930,31028795,Posted: 8 April,all,Lucky,"I picked this game up on sale, because from playing Bastion I knew the developer had a certain style that could carry any game. Transistor had style and whole lot more. The soundtrack, artstyle, and painting like visuals were awesome. The player character has a variety of skills and restrictions on how to allocate them. Repeat playthroughs are encouraged with this system of mixing and matching these skills. Like Bastion, I wasn't really into it enough for a repeat playthrough but the seven hours by itself at a low price felt like my money's worth. The problems I had with the game were not really understanding the story's ending and never being interested in enemy encounters."
,Recommended,237930,24628490,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,redwindmill024,"mmmmmmm....Let me write some points about this game.1. From the first i discovered this game from explore queue, i just fall in love with the visual graphic.Woman protagonist + Fancy-Sword-a-Like Thing + Beautiful Background + (extra) the Title is so mysterious. Yes, i don't ask more for this, already great.2. I already thought that this will be a-long-great game, reminds that this is RPG somelike. I excited.3. I played for the first time. I confused. Then, i had mix emotion.4. After a few days playing, i just got the rythm and start to feel fun of this gameplay. Battle system, the add-on thing, turn system. Yes, i have to learn that in order to feel the fun.5. Already expecting for the long story of this game, this will be great for my next holiday break.6. Duh. I finished it. Look at my play hours. Why is this so quick . . .7. Still. This is a great game.note : maybe the storyline is simple (until you got into some chapter), but the narrative talk is somewhat i can't follow it consistently.I recommend it (plus if you bought in sale :) )"
,Recommended,237930,20045031,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Snoopydawg,"I've said this for Bastion and I'll say it again, just buy it already. Like Bastion, this game is a masterpiece in conveying its story. The devs have also taken note from the negative feedback from Bastion and greatly improved the gameplay.10/10 luv ya Supergiant Games"
,Recommended,237930,12742729,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Kaborer BrKN,"Supergiant Games, who're also behind Bastion, really know how to make games that shine through in my opinion.Games can sometimes seem bland and even unimportant and I play a lot of games that feel like that...When I encounter games like Transistor, I start thinking about why I even play the games that don't do thing as well. I held back with playing transistor for a very long time because people had been going into transistor to play another 'Bastion', and had been dissapointed. So I really wanted to forget the idea that this would be another 'Bastion' and I almost did, untill... I played the game.I didn't regard 'another Bastion' as something that would come in mechanical or storywise likeliness, but rather a game that did the same to me, that Bastion did.The game starts you off 'in medias res' and gives to few clues as to why you're here and what you're doing, the story unfolds at it's own pace and through the two-person monologue that takes place, with this time's narrarator. The game immediately striked me as a viual masterpiece, but that also leads me to one of my complaints... The only graphical option there is, is resolution. Now, I get it, most of the game is hand-drawn, which is really impresive, but it still wouldn't hurt to throw some graphical option in there, especially because there is a short part where Red, the main character, is really close to the screen and I noticed she was very, very blurry and was the one time I was taken out of the experience.Now that I've mentioned one critique, let's jusmp right into the next one... I want more, I mean I don't think there's anything wrong with the game being a 5-or-so hour experience but I have a hard time using the game's 'recourse' (NewGame+) because the game is so dependant on the narrative and the experience, that playing it a second time for challange seems like sacrificial butchering to me, with that said I understand that some people don't feel that way, It's just a bit short, so don't expect to be using 10+ hours on this game. ...This paragraph was me whining that I liked it so much that I want more.I must say, there are few things that capture me like this game, the whole of just work so damned well. I mean the atmosphere, the music, the visuals, the mechanical feel of the game, and the story clash toghether beautifully, and just make me feel the story so much, I even found myself answering on behalf of Red a few times. And not just that old ""Oh you're gonna die.""-type of stuff, but heartfelt replies to what happened in the world.The atmosphere is desolate and dystopian, you're alone and you're fighting against odds, in a world where help comes very indirectly. I ended feeling a longing for the people close to the main character, and I was afraid on her behalf not to see them again (Spoilers, someone you know is not with you at some part of the game). The visuals work very well with the atmosphere as the city to start is dark and empty while giving an urban-look which in it's whole is very unsetteling. Of course Darren Korb has done it again, and composed a masterpiece of a soundtrack which just hits the spot. I don't have much more to say about that, really. All of this of course compliments the story which I would characterize as beautiful, dystopian and tragic.The last thing I want to discuss are the mechanics. They strike me odd, but interesting,  and very appealing, but they feel heavy and a bit hard-maneuvarable. Surprisingly I don't have a problem with them though as I feel they reflect the position Red is in.In conclution:I love this game.I will soon be using this game to write a project, along with other similar games with narrators."
76561198143746424,Recommended,237930,14108340,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,nishunia,"'Transistor' merits artistic recognition for its soundtrack and design. The game is visually interesting and colourful, and I'd recommend it purely for its visual showcase. Unfortunately, the storyline is somewhat confusing and hard to follow; I began to grasp the story toward the end of my first play-through and on my second, and unavoidably more challenging play-through, the story began to make more sense. Perhaps this was intentional, hoping to ensure good replay value. I didn't mind playing the game again, as the gameplay was fun (and at times challenging), however poor storytelling is certainly this game's downfall."
,Recommended,237930,17118807,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Jacobella,Like Bastion......but tighter.Edit: I wish I could selectively erase portions of my memories so I could play this game anew
,Recommended,237930,24445980,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Blunderbuss,Where the ♥♥♥♥ is the save-buttonPros:- excellent soundtrack- beautiful story (so far )- graphics- real-time battles ( you can choose between strategic planning mode or just kill the enemies with smashing all buttons )Cons:- Tough fights ( my opinion )- No other way to make the resolution higher- Save Manual does not exist8/10 just kidding it's auto-saving
,Recommended,237930,33299541,Posted: 5 July,all,samuelb.home,"Would recommend. Solid game, storytelling and designs.This game starts off without telling you much about the context, you're left sort of in the dark in the beginnings of the story. It slowly reveals the backstory to you, and boy is it good. A good addition to my favorite games of all time.I really love the fighting mechanics, with the abilities and upgrade slots, you can make some really effective and neat combos just based on how you set up your character. Pretty nifty.Relatively short completion time (I completed the game REALLY fast, most people tend to take 8-10 hours to finish the main story. If you're a completionist, probably more like 12-15h.A game well made, Supergiant. Kudos."
,Recommended,237930,32921371,Posted: 28 June,all,Eksdi,"Wonderful Story, Amazing graphics&soundtrack, Nice Gameplay.A must-have!10/10"
,Recommended,237930,33155406,Posted: 2 July,all,joeyboyjoeyboy3,"GO BUY IT.in the first few minutes of playing it, i knew i had to see it through the end. it completeley hooked me from start to end, i didn't want to take a break from playing it. combat makes the game very replayable. art direction is superb, soundtrack is great. this is one of the most immersive games i've played in a while. at the price it's going at right now this summer sale, it's a steal."
,Recommended,237930,32909703,Posted: 27 June,all,Fayenatura,"A must have, goes on sale all the time, and if you are a fan of Bastion, you'll love this game by the same company!"
,Recommended,237930,24421801,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,さやたん✿,"Pros.1. Both the art style and the soundtrack are brilliant.2. Combat mechanic is quite interesting, there are turn based tactics and real time action that you can choose from.3. Based on various combination of abilities aka ""functions"", there are many different play styles and customizability.4. The story is simple but beautiful.5. The narrator has a sexy voice.Cons.1.  After beating the game you can start NG+ (recursion mode) but still, the story is way too short and it can be completed in just a few hours.2. The game is too easy to beat, except those tests in the backdoor.Overall I'd say this is definetly worth the 20 bucks."
,Recommended,237930,12110292,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Is That A Pro Genji?,"The amount of love and skill that went into this game is incredible.As a person years late to Bastion, Transistor was the first game I experienced from Supergiant Games. I decided to finish both games before writing this review and personally I feel that this game is more favorable even though its story is more linear in comparison. It is absolutely worth every penny.The artwork, Jen Zee's work, is so beautiful I want to cry. The soundtrack for this game among the best I've heard and I highly recommend buying it if you can. Voice acting felt intimate and natural & the hidden array of diverse side characers were an interesting touch. All of this gave life to the otherwise enigmatic and vaguely-defined world of Transistor.Furthermore, the combat system in this game is very rewarding and can be made difficult for those who want that spicy challenge. The developers tried something new and it worked.Supergiant please take my wallet and soul."
76561198043797603,Recommended,237930,20433094,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Your Uncle Bob,"I was intrigued by this game back when it was announced at PlayStation conference. The music and the art style got me. Well, I wasn't wrong. It's a fantastic game. A bit short, but sweet. Soundtrack is a blast. It reminded me of old Silent Hill days when some of the tracks were vocalized and performed by Mary Elizabeth McGlynn. I really liked it then and same thing applies here as well. ""We all become"" is easily something I can listen many times a day. Gameplay is a lot of fun. 4-5 hours in, and you can already make almost godly builds and breeze through the game. Too easy? Install limiters and test your build for the exchange of xp. The game does a very good job at describing what each skill does and how to mix them. Achievements are quite simple and straightforward as well. If you're into these kind of things, it should be a cinch. Story's good too. A little touching, I'd say. The only cons are that it's a little short and endgame isn't very exciting. I played roughly for 20 hours, loved it, but don't see myself going back to it for now.9/10 - would hum along again."
,Recommended,237930,10389205,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,A Fancy Fridge Magnet,"Transistor is a visually stunning game from the devs that made Bastion. The amount of detail in the areas that you don't even spend much time in is incredible. Hard to really say much more about it... it's a very unique style, similar in many ways to Bastion, but  more squared townsquare types of areas as opposed to the more natural style of Bastion (which was less angles, more curves.)Just like Bastion, the soundtrack is perfect and fits so well. It's something you can listen to outside of game and still be pleased.The story is delivered via dialogue and in-game text via computer terminals. The story is ok, but is just incredibly shallow and vague. Character motives are never really explained, it just feels like there were a few events that were described or implied, and you just have to go, ""oh okay."" It seems like a very small episode of a much larger story.The game play itself is actually fairly challenging and consists of a mixture of real-time combat and turn-based combat. Enemies appear on screen and you can attack them, but more often than not there are many of them, they're fast and disruptive. The turn-based combat is a mode you enter into, then you get to plan out your moves and attacks before having them execute in slow-motion. It's really satisfying, but is manadatory through the majority of the second half of the game. You just take way too much unavoidable damage otherwise.The enemies themselves actually feel fairly frustrating a lot of the time. There are certain units you REALLY have to priortize, otherwise you just won't win the fights. While priortizing those targets, you're pretty much getting attacked by all the others. Later on in the game these mechanics are less strategic and just more frustrating. There is also not much variety in the enemies... so the encounters end up being X amount of these guys, Y amounts of these guys, fight. Kind of lame, as it removes some depth and strategy that could come from complex fight scenarios, and instead goes for ""just throw more guys at him.""Attacks are called functions, an you unlock many, but can only equip 4 of them. The extras can be socketed into your 4 main functions to upgrade them (additional effects), or as passives that activate based on certain conditions. There's a lot of variety here, and different abilities work better in certain situations than others.If you lose all your health in combat, instead of dying one of your functions gets overloaded and you have to continue on fighting without it. I'm pretty sure the function that gets overloaded was the last one you used prior to ""death"", but not 100% sure. This cycle continues until you run out of functions completely I suspect (I never had this happen though.) It's a nice way of lessening the chances of you getting stuck and not being able to get by to continue the game... which is good because sometimes you get really unlucky in a fight and it prevents you from feeling like the game hates you as much. Functions become useable again after you access a couple of switcher terminal things later on in the levels, so until then you pretty much have to swap them out with other functions or go on without 4 functions.Overall, I think this game was pretty enjoyable. It has a very high level of thought and polish put into it. The combat system is incredibly good, but the combat scenarios are weak and frustrating at times. The game doesn't necessarily feel ""fun"" to play, which is the same gripe I had with Bastion, but that doesn't mean it wasn't enjoyable or not worth a playthrough. I think this mainly stems from both these games not really having ""low"" or ""bad"" points that make the great points stand out.The game is also incredibly short... I beat it in ~5 hours according to steam, and I tried to interact with as much as I could find. This is probably the biggest ""issue"" with it... it just ends up sort of unfulfilling. It does however have a New Game + mode, so you can continue to level and unlock more things, as well as a lot of ""challenge"" levels where you can hone your skills. I think this game should have had more hands working on it, in order to really make the scope much larger in terms of gameplay and story. There is absolutely no filler in the game which is good, but like I said earlier in the review, it feels like an episode of something much bigger.... so huge amounts of potential left unexplored. Still, the amount of time, effort and detail that went into this game is really apparent in every way imaginable. For what it's worth, if you've played neither of these games, I'd highly recommend playing Bastion before this."
,Recommended,237930,30911628,Posted: 2 April,all,Holy Diver,"Mix n' match abilities into your own interesting combos. If anyone knows of any other games that do a similar job of creating your own attack structure like this, then I definitely want to know!"
,Recommended,237930,14031684,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Sk8ing Unicorn [PhallusPsychik],"This game is awesome.It looks gorgeous, music is cool (and Red humming is awesome too), character design is pretty good too, level design is varied and nice, it doesn't even feel as linear as it actually is. Gameplay is pretty innovative and unique (something between turn based combat and action combat) and also fun, with lots of possibilities to try out (all the possible combinations).The story is kinda weird, but awesome too. I mean, the game directly starts with you pulling out the Transistor out of a man's body. And... that's about all that you know. But that not only makes it interesting to go through the game to understand the story, it also makes it fit the game even more, since Red herself has little idea of what's really happening.It's just a really good game in pretty much every aspect."
,Recommended,237930,13672207,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Pandora's Fox,"Transistor is a great game. It has a really interesting combat system and a general sci-fi theme throughout it.It's a beautiful game, with great graphics, combat, and music; the only downside is that you mostly have to put the plot together by yourself, and that's not really a bad thing."
,Recommended,237930,10960878,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Levin,"I didn't expect to like it more than Bastion. But I liked it MUCH more than Bastion. Really good story, good theming.  Cool characters, fun combat, and as always from Supergiant, great music and backgrounds.  The voicing of some of the incidental characters took a while to grow on me, though.Definitely a good buy, and worth the retail price."
76561198118567150,Recommended,237930,19212898,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,PandaMan117,This game is amazing in both visual design and gameplay design. the 2 feel like they work hand in hand with each other and have an epic soundtrack to accompany it.If you want to explore a beautiful world that sounds amazing and has a great story then give Transistor a chance.10/10
,Recommended,237930,18016995,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,vixey✨,"Honestly, one of my favourite games to date.Beautiful art style, music and story.The characters were very admirable and I thoroughly enjoyed the combat too (especially the limiters system), shame that it felt so short!Highly recommended :D"
,Recommended,237930,10210931,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Hunkules,"Short Review, for the lazy.Slightly reminiscent of Bioshock in tone, this game does a superb job of tying the story and the gameplay together without it being obtuse.As you progress through the game and level up, both the story and the gameplay get much deeper and more engaging, which I found sublime.I 100% recommend this game to anybody who liked Bastion, the original Bioshock, or even video games in general and 69% recommend this to absolutely anybody. One of my favourite games of all time.+ Exciting combat that continually gets deeper+ Story is engaging, with more to be found for those who care to look for it+ Story and combat interwoven beautifully+ Wonderful Art and Sound design+ NG+ Mode and non-story content+ Option to make the game harder for rewards- Story is on the short side for a single playthrough- Some mechanics are under-explained"
,Recommended,237930,13057252,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,951Jimbo,"I give transistor ⅗ stars.I bought Transistor solely because it is from the same developer that made one of my favorite games, Bastion.  While Transistor is still a good game I was somewhat disappointed.The Good:-As of mid November 2014 I didn’t encounter ANY bugs or instability issues, a common complaint at launch-The graphics are good, but should still work on lower-end systems-The turn based gameplay is well done for the most part-Reasonable price for a game at 6 hours of play-Has some replayability to it-While not the best story, and a little confusing at times, I think the ending ties everything up nicely and makes you think a bit. Even though the story was lacking it kept me coming back for more to finish the game.The Bad:-The graphics, in my opinion, are not nearly as clever as Bastion.  Bastion used beautiful bright cell-shaded/watercolor style graphics to illustrate a strange and troubled world.  Transistor relies heavily on a beautiful but dark watercolor style that looks more sophisticated but is less enjoyable to look at for 6 hours of game.-The characters aren’t as likeable, developed, or funny, as Bastion’s.  The narrator of Bastion was one of the best features.  In this game the transistor character makes soft-pointless observations throughout the game that don’t add very much creative value-The turn style gameplay is again, in my opinion, a step back.  In Bastion I spent hours mastering the various weapons in the proving ground.  This game has a similar proving ground structure but the turn style combat feel easy and disconnected.  I imagine many gamers will  disagree with me on this point.-Music is a large element to the game and passing various tests unlocks more music.  However, I found the music itself to be pretty boring and uninteresting.  I have fairly broad taste in music so I imagine many will agree with me.  I’m glad I didn’t pay extra to get the boring soundtrack because I cannot imagine wanting to listen to it at any time.Based on these reasons, I give the game ⅗ stars.  Yes, it is fun, and it is well done; but it could be so much better.  I will likely follow this developer and buy future titles with the hope that they are a bit more fun than this one."
,Recommended,237930,26012833,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Fauxy,"Alright. I playedBastionand I didn't care too much for it, andTransistorhonestly just feels likeBastion 2rather than its own game, but as far as sequels go,Transistoris a pretty good  sequel. It's a game that builds on everything its predecessor established with high polish.The gameplay is fun (moreso than Bastion for me because being able to stop and figure things out in the middle of some clusterf*cks is really all I wanted so that Bastion wasn't so frustrating to me), the art is beautiful (and I love this 2D/isometric pastoral handpainted fantasy that Supergiant has because it ages really well--seeLegend of Mana), the music and voice acting are great (of course), the plot is um. Well it's okay. There's a lot of unanswered questions. And I wish it didn't all feel so familiar.I do think the weakest ideas of the game are where it obviously copies right fromBastion. Silent protagonist lead on by a snarky narrator. Little squiggly comma monsters that run around a lot and annoy you. Giant monster that attacks the screen randomly. Skill challenges for bonus powerups.The antagonists never meant for this apocalypse to happen.There's a part of me that wishes that what the game leads you to believe at the start (that you had just murdered someone with your talking sword and were now on the lam) is the thread the game ran with. Still. It's not everything I could hope a game like this to be, but I can't deny that this is a good one and that it kept me going to the end, I even seem to have taken a lot longer than most people, just because I liked chewing the scenery and reading the lore. And I like that there's queer characters too. That's like a bonus, but I try to give devs props for it whenever they do it and it doesn't suck."
76561198055761529,Recommended,237930,18021180,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,*****yEdd,Great Game:- Great Music- Great Art- Great Voice Acting- Great Mechanics- Great Lore- Great Great Animation- Less than Great resolution choices- Great deal of contrast from different playthroughsOverall I rate Great/8 and 10/would play again
,Recommended,237930,11743093,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Pirateguybrush,"I enjoyed this one, though not as much as Bastion.  It's visually stunning, an absolute treat for the ears, and the gameplay is engaging and challenging.  I recommend using the limiters to amp up the difficulty.Where it fell down a little for me was the story.  It has a strong story, but it doesn't want to make itself understood.  It's worth reading up on the story as you go,  as it's quite good - I just wish it wasn't so deliberately obtuse."
,Recommended,237930,11418650,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Readij,"Awesome storyline, great gameplay, beautiful art work, and insanely addictive."
,Recommended,237930,20874803,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,LLP,One of the games I will remember till I die. Its story and soundtracks amazed me. Characters developments are not perfect but they are very good. Fighting mechanics are good but some combos are just too op. Although you can make some interesting combos as the game will show you in backdoor test sections. My rating about this game is 9/10.
76561198044049496,Recommended,237930,21169225,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,I Eat Because Im Unhappy,"10 out of 10, would play again.Amazing Story.Amazing Gameplay.Amazing Music – sometimes I would just sit there and listen to the music.Amazing Ending.If you haven’t played it yet I suggest you do."
,Recommended,237930,21280712,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,HelterSkelter937,"""Hey Red""I delete most games after I played them through this I never will..."
,Recommended,237930,21431272,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Sylent,"+ Awesome Soundtrack+ Great Narrator / Guiding Voice+ Beautiful Graphics+ Interesting Combatsystem+ Intriguing Characters and StoryTransistor is a true beauty among the many available games there are.As soon as I started the game I wanted to know: What exactly happened here? Who is this woman/main-character we're controlling? Whats up with this sword? I tracked along the streets of the beautiful town to find that out and soon met enemys, trying to stop me.The combatsystem is really nice, but really interesting for me was how I could change the ensuing fight before it even happens. You can have different abilities with different characteristics.. and switch them around! That way, you can create the set of abilitys that you are most comfortable with to battle. And the battle itself can be altered as well with modifications - some simply strengthen the enemy, others give them shields, but in the end the harder battles will be rewarded with more experience.But the best part of the game are still its graphics, everything is so well made and beautiful. I would have loved to just walk around and look at everything.Getting to know the characters even better would have been nice too, but every game needs to end - And this ending.. was a surprise for me."
76561198218542397,Recommended,237930,20600588,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,razorgale,i cried over a sword 10/10
,Recommended,237930,10203009,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Cody48er,"Finished in about 6 1/2 hours.  Did all the challenge arenas (That were available to me, not sure why one or two end ones were locked in the final scene.).  Read a decent amount, all the terminals I saw, but passed some of the character bios on the Function() screens.Calmly playing through, listening to the story, ""exploring"" what few detours there were, and it's a 6-7 hour game in a playthrough.Though, the game's narration didn't grab me the same as Bastion's did, and a good half to 3/4ths of the story is in the text.  It was a tad shorter than I expected for a first run-down.  But the combat did make up for it, while interesting to tackle, there's a myriad of combinations that only get more interesting down the line.   NG+ might be worth it to many, and I might dabble in it later on, but it's not something I'll mention as a way to extend what is a story-driven game for later playthroughs.Overall, I'm not disappointed with my $20.  I would recommend others who aren't dying for the game or just HAVE to play something new right now to wait until it's in the $10-15 bracket. Give or take if you get the soundtrack with it.   It's a nifty little game, with lovely design, simply stunning combat, and a story that just obscures itself a little more than I would have liked."
,Recommended,237930,13668587,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Hershal,"One of the best games of 2014. A great succesor to Bastion. The art style and the music is beautiful. The story is one that isn't immediately clear, but if you are smart enough to piece together everything, it is a beauitful plot. The gameplay is very unique and addicting. I found myself looking forward to each encounter. The final boss is probably my favorite final boss in a long time. This is a beautiful game."
,Recommended,237930,19996822,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,D4ndie,The only game where its acceptable to listen to the voices in your head.
,Recommended,237930,13905334,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Milo,"Strange, Unique, Difficult and Fun with an interesting story.  Customizable options allow for a near endless variety of playstyles and a fun yet rewarding way of increasing the difficulty to your terms.  First game I've played by these folks, but it was certainly a treat."
,Recommended,237930,27571657,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Marlock,"Very rich and unique story and setting! There is an apparent minimalism and dryness, but if you are just a bit patient and let the story unfold, these make perfect sense and just improve the experience.Gorgeous graphics and great soundtrack, both also play a part in the story (the music could do it more, though) and make perfect sense in it, not just a random choice...But it really was the gameplay style that hooked me completely!The single character action-pause strategy rpg is already a somewhat rare breed, but combined with the skill combination and effect combo system, it reaches an incredible and unexpected depth and flexibility!It lets you choose the play-style that suits you best (more fast paced shooting, more chess-board chain explosion calculating, etc).Yet at the same time you are forced to gradually adapt the strategy for each battle and keep exploring and thinkering to overcome these challenges each step of the way.The game also has great replay value, with an also innovating implementation of hardness control (you can activate and deactivate special effects to make battles harder in order to gain more XP.Everything just makes *perfect* sense together! Its a masterpiece!"
76561198161123456,Recommended,237930,23826385,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Hipster Cat,"Love this game, love the story, the artistic style graphics, the music, the sound they all good. and the ending is just amazing. Worth it."
76561197984365101,Recommended,237930,13886743,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Moufisto,"Didn't even take me 20 minutes to realise just how good this game is.Should've won Game Of The Year, Destiny paled in comparison.Truly beautiful, this games masterfully orchestrated music tells the tale of two lovers in a dull world pitted against them.Look into the lyrics and the themes of the game, it's deep and has inspired so many fans of the game into the subjects ofwhat their interpretations may be. for instance, the song In Circles, or the ingame version - ""_n C_rlc_s"".This song itself depicts many things, but it's clear that the first boss you kill you have a connection with her that goes beyond regret, love, and intense feelings of guilt. you almost pity the boss as you take her soul and condemn her for her actions that she herself guilts for.. they loved each other but one lost to the ""process"".Here's a link to a mix of the two songs, it was interesting to hear as well, but please listen to them individually as well:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=krCaeN8oPj8Such an example makes me feel, and makes me want to save them all. Just like Bastion did.Two strikes in the right direction, truly an amazing game to lead after Bastion."
76561197986825786,Recommended,237930,10205379,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Eveless,"Just brilliant! Worth every minute and every dollar. Characters are way better than some ""big"" rpgs, action is fast, deep and full of strategy and adrenalin, and art and soundtrack are just godlike. I never was into that indie genre, but now I may reconsider this. Tiny little game wich doesnt even have a main menu is way better that many AAA projects. Authors are really talented and they really wanted to make the Game, to make user think and not just watch some move-like crap with QTE."
76561198004819243,Recommended,237930,14241662,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,SpadesNoir,"Transistor is a beautiful game. From the art, to the music, to the gameplay and story, it is a treat to play.It plays like a part turn-based part real-time strategy part action RPG. This migh sound like a cluster♥♥♥♥, but it works out really well. It offers a huge amount of customization for a lot of different playstyles, and encourages you to do so in a clever, story integrated way.The plot is, well, not entirely clear at some points, but it is a very engaging story as a whole.Buy it. Buy the soundtrack. Is gud. pls play"
,Recommended,237930,11011843,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,PuzzlyWuzzly,"Transistor is one of those games that has a stunning artwork, amazing narration, and a wonderful storyline.It was one of the few games this summer sale that I really wanted to try and I was not disappoitned as I played through.The game touched me through the dialogue even though most of it is between a girl without a voice and a sword. The relationship between the two had me rooting for them from the beginning.The ending was bittersweet. I'd highly recommend anyone who likes tactical games to try out Transistor.Also, the soundtrack to this game is well worth the buy. I didn't purchase it at first, but I went back to buy the soundtrack after playing the game."
76561197995816364,Recommended,237930,10306899,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Dargok,"One of the best games you will get for $20 or less. The music is soulful and fits the mood perfectly. The story is very well done and the art style is incredible. The best part about it might be the combinations that you can do with the abilities. Every ability can be the main slot or it can be a passive or a mod for a main slotted ability. There are tons of combos to do with these, so you can constantly switch up what you're using if you like.You will not regret picking up this game. The trailers are very accurate to how this game plays."
,Recommended,237930,10246293,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Bl0rch,"Play this game!If you are a programmer or otherwise familiar with computers and electronics, you will especially find this game interesting.For those who need more detail, it's a real-time RPG that is in the same style as Bastion (it's from the same devs), also taking from cames like Syndicate, La Mulana, and Shadowrun (to name a few).The voice acting is superb, the music, very well done. The visuals are very crisp and paint a very good picture of the world driven by computers and machinery.The combat is very fast paced and can be difficult, but you are able to employ some planning by using the Turn() function to get the upper hand. You can level up and customize your abilities to fit your style, so there's a little something for everyone.If you are at all a fan of Bastion and you like RPG's, you need to play this game."
76561198030283156,Recommended,237930,18914738,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Bullet Sponge,"A deeply inspired game. Transistor not only has a nice aesthetic, but a handful of well implemented and creative gameplay mechanics. It is a healthy marriage of arcade power-ups and tactics, where player experimentation is key. For games that promise both live and turn based action, the player is usually given the choice between either - in Transistor you will want to master both forms of gameplay if you wish to gain the edge.The most intriguing part of the game is the power-up system. Throughout the game the player collects a series of ""functions"". These functions can be used as new attacks - choosing up to a total of four moves. Each function has a unique effect, letting the player choose from sneak attacks, long range strikes, clustering explosions, summoning minions, and more, or any combination of these. But the functions aren't limited to simple attacks. In addition to the four move slots, the player also has four passive slots to install their functions, and each move has two upgrade slots. The upgrades are really something special, allowing the player to improve and expand on or even change completely the nature of a move. As the player collects more of these functions, playstyles can become more and more diverse. The number of possibilities are staggering.The gameplay itself is challenging enough that certain combinations may be found ineffective or require careful planning and skill to use. This is what makes the game whole as an interactive experience. The player has to strategize, adapt, evaluate, refine, rearrange. You can't just brute force your way through (though certain combinations do give a whole new meaning to ""brute force""). You can't just grind to max stats and max gear.If you like games that emphasize tactics and positioning, and enjoy making lots of experimental play styles. THIS is the game for YOU. If you don't, well, do me a favor, play it anyway."
,Recommended,237930,24333679,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,johnm4jc,This game is more than what i expected and left me quite speechless at the end. For any fans of storydriven games I recommend playing this one.
,Recommended,237930,24334178,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Solitude,Beautiful art and soundtrack. Good story and ending.
,Recommended,237930,34087371,Posted: 7 August,all,decipherdoggo,Prepare to Cry()
76561198039033652,Recommended,237930,14105694,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,ofailia,"Not that I ever doubted that videogames do qualify as art, but Transistor should make it obvious to anyone.The game's artwork is done in a gorgeous, colourful style of cyber-Art Nouveau with maybe a touch of Noir (oh, that does sound really pretentious, doesn't it... what about the nods to certain paintings I imagine seeing in for example the posters? even worse? ok.)As probably expected, it has an amazing soundtrack, and you can even (sort of) interact with it in the game (Transistor has a hum button, and you won't know how great that is until you played.)The story is tragic and delivered spot-on. between terminals and the great narrator you're left to fill in the blanks about the place you're in, but the picture practically paints itself. Ha... The narrator is also the same voice as in Bastion, yet somehow the role he plays manages to be entirely different this time around.Very importantly, the game isn't lacking in its set of mechanics either. The combat system is deep and highly customisable, with not only the options of building attacks and defenses but real-time and turn-based mode as well. The limiters available can raise the difficulty if so desired. The game is just a little short, but definitely replayable in NG+.Overall, Transistor is just awesome. Get it.I'm already wondering what game Supergiant Games will come up with next - I bet it will have a great soundtrack."
,Recommended,237930,11278466,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Meat,"The art, music, and general aesthetics are absurdly good in Transistor. Check out myscreenshotsI've taken in-game, and that is the sort of eye-candy you'll see when you play. The music is amazing, just check out thelaunch trailer. The voice acting is crisp and convincing. I'd say that this game's aesthetics can match something out of Bioshock, which is a tall glass for an indie game.Transistor has standard RPG elements such as experience points, health bars, acquiring new skills, and deep story. However, this game has a completely unique combat experience unlike any game I've seen before. Transistor mixes familiar real-time RPG elements (fluid enemy encounters, simultaneous combat with enemies) with turn-based RPG mechanics (carefully planning out your turn to min-max DPS & positioning). If you are surrounded by enemies, you can choose to consume your ""turn()"". When that happens, time stands still and you can input a series of moves. When you activate turn() a second time, the game fast-forwards all of your moves that you've planned. The drawback is that you are stuck in the real-time world until your turn() meter replenishes.The way you create skills in this game are also very interesting. You can pick 4 active skills and 4 passives. Then, you can upgrade your active skills with excess ones to transform it into something different. Consider the first skill you get in the game: crash(). Here is apicture of the possibilities you can mix with crash(). Note that this only coversoneupgrade, but you can put two upgrades per skill.  This allows for crazy customization to cater to your playstyle. Do you want to summon a bunch of minions to do your bidding while you stay hidden and mobile? Do you want to charm enemies to temporarily fight the enemies? Do you want to snipe from range, AOE all around you, or deal damage in the form of DoTs? The game lets you play however you want -- something I've only seen in AAA RPGs like Diablo or Skyrim.Lastly, the story. People seem to be disappointed in the storyline over other aspects of the game, but then you see they have less than 10 hours played. This is a game that becomes more clear the more you put into it. There is a lot ofoptionalreading you can do that provides you with more pieces to the puzzle that makes the story of Transistor clear. Playing Newgame+ also helps. Lots of people don't understand the ending. In my experience, I thought it was refreshing that the game did not force-feed me the story-line in plain-text like Call of Duty script. In regards to the storyline itself, I loved it.To recap, this is easily one of my favorite single-player experiences you can find on steam. I highly recommend it, coming from a dude who plays a lot of games. To recap --Pros+ Good storyline if you decide to read into the text+ Creative combat full of personalization and theorycrafting+ Art that is rarely matched+ Soundtrack is amazing+ Newgame+ provides replayability in the form of more difficult mobs and even more customization+ 15$Cons+ Relatively short if you're someone who is strictly gameplay and does not indulge in the world (~5 hours)+ Storyline is percieved as confusing to many"
,Recommended,237930,10230194,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,ZOUNDS!,Hella tight so far.
,Recommended,237930,14203644,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Dennarah,"SuperGiantGames has done it agian! Tranistor is a game that leaves me breathless everytime I play it. The art is beautiful, the music is diverse, the story is absolutely thrilling. Transistor is a perfectly woven game with few flaws. My only recomendation to you is to use a controller if you havent played a SGG game before due to unique controls. Thanks for reading my review and have a great day!"
,Recommended,237930,21741383,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,ConflictedBagel,"Best game I've played in a long time.The soundtrack, art, and plot is 10/10"
,Recommended,237930,30326148,Posted: 4 March,all,Moonmadness,"Fantastic action/strategy RPG. Combat system reminds a lot of the forgotten gem that Parasite Eve on PS1 with a hybrid of active movement and turn-based strategic planning. The function system is just amazing for the number of possible combinations and of different abilities you can get. Story line is not so far from their previous game Bastion but in a cyberpunk setting.I normally hate isometric games, but this one is very enjoyable and is even way better than its predecessor.Oh and you have a button to hum on the BGM. Isn't that damn great?"
76561198052904779,Recommended,237930,10408421,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,brendanbyron3,"Think of it as Diablo 2 with an optional turn-by-turn mode in a beautiful art deco apocalypse.To boil it down, you choose between 'functions' (which work like attacks in Pokemon: of many, you only get four at once) to mow down robots in a gorgeously-rendered future city.The kicker: every few seconds you can pause the action, move about, and queue up a combo of attacks. When you unpause, you whoosh about the battle spitting explosions. You've got a few seconds of helpless fleeing - then you're off again, chaining up attacks.Trust me: nothing beats laying down three consecutive damage multipliers on a high-level enemy then knocking them off in a single hit.Difficulty can be raised with optional handicaps called Limiters.There's a clever system around the functions themselves, too: any function can modify another or provide a passive bonus. I.e., you can add a quick-firing attack to a slower one – increasing the slower attack’s speed, but forgoing the quicker attack entirely."
,Recommended,237930,10203691,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Zuka,"A game unmatched in its beauty and atmosphere. It definitely warrants another go to revisit new tricks, old encounters, and a wish to experience it for the first time all over again."
76561198108181725,Recommended,237930,13487302,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,breatheH20,"I quite enjoyed Transistor.  I was a bit underwhelmed on the first run through, since the end of the ""story"" only takes a few hours to complete.  But on further NG+, I began to see how fun it was to mix and match the different weapons, and try much harder runs with the limiters activated.  All in all, I think it was money well spent.  If you want an engaging story, you probably won't find it here.  But there's lots to enjoy.  The art and music direction goes without saying -- great!"
,Recommended,237930,10203964,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,My name is not important,"Wow. Just. Wow. No, seriously. F*king wow.Mind. Blown."
,Recommended,237930,10241462,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Ghosty Ocelot,"I just finished this game, and I'm sad to have to see it end. It was a truly fantastic game, on par if not better in its own way than Bastion.The story interested me and held my attention throughout, especially with the way it tells itself through the narration and environment. The music and art style were absolutely beautiful as I'm sure you will hear many people say. The combat felt fresh to me, easy to get a grip on but nothing I've ever really seen before.The only nitpicks I have with the game are:A) The boss fights are dreadfully easy once you get a hang of the game.B) There is a certain enemy type towards the end of the game that felt really cheap to me (though that may just be because I was worse at the game than I thought).C) I'm not sure how I came under the impression, but I thought ""Recursion Mode"" (New Game+) would include extra story elements or different dialogue in certain areas. After a bit of research after finishing the game, I discovered it was nearly all enemy layouts and enemy difficulty and such, much to my dismay. Though if you're into the combat, I suppose that's not really a negative.D) My game crashed. Once. In a challenge map. Before it began. After the game saved. No biggy, but something to watch out for.Overall, absolutely amazing game that will stick with me for a while, and may very well become one of my favourite games. I whole-heartedly recommend buying it, especially if you enjoyed Bastion. Even if you didn't, buy it anyways, Supergiant deserves all of your money.10/10 would bang, play, finish, get upset by, reason with myself so I stop getting upset by and then write a review that got way longer than I intended again."
76561198165182322,Recommended,237930,25663516,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,emilymargaretcain,"Beautiful game, amazing storyline, great soundtrack."
,Recommended,237930,10667749,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Bastion,"One of the best games i've ever played.It's a short game, you can complete in about 5/6 hours, where you fight sets of enemies (called ""Process"") as you progress through the story.You fight the enemies with your abilities, that the game calls Functions. The interesting thing about it is that even though you have a set of abilities, the same ability can be used in different ways: as an active ability, as an upgrade to another ability or as a passive ability. The game tells you what each ability do in each of those 3 roles. This leads to an endless number of possible ways you can combine your abilities. Not only that but it does it in a very good way, since there's not exactly an obvious choice of ""loadout"" and multiple alternatives are viable and effective to fight against the enemies. It really leaves space for you to use the abilities the way you fell more comfortable with. In the beginning it might be hard to figure out which abilities to use and how you will use them, the amount of choices you have is a little bit overwhelming, but as you play you will learn the weaknesses and strengths of each one until it's really no longer a problem. The game helps you with that, you are given only a few abilities to use at the start and you unlock new ones little by little.The combat itself is very innovative. You can use your abilities just pressing its button, just like in an mmo or Diablo. But more often than not, you will be using the Turn() mode. In this mode the game is paused and you can plan your movements and the attacks you will do, then execute the plan. The game has no difficulty selection, but you can customize how hard the game can be by using the Limiters, some of them buff your enemies while others nerf the player in general. By choosing Limiters, the combat will be harder but you will receive more experience and level up faster as a result.This makes up the core mechanics of the game, which i greatly enjoyed.But an excellent mechanic is not only what this game has to offer.The visuals and the art style is incredible, i would dare to say it is the most beautiful isometric game i've ever saw. Really really good. The soundtrack is also very good, not only it is good on a musical standpoint as it also fits the game perfectly and contributes greatly for a better immersion.I would highly recommend this game to anyone, if you are still not sure, wait for a sale, otherwise buy it full price. And you may also want to grab the soundtrack. You will want it after playing the game."
,Recommended,237930,11420225,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Varsoon,"If ever there was a game that flaunted its squandered potential, it is Transistor. What exists in Transistor is a duality of very captivating plot and brilliant-fun game design alongside dully written paragraphs of texts and tedious groan-worthy moments of play. Conceptually, Transistor presents a lore rich world with gameplay options that are variable enough to suit the player's desires and offer a huge variety of play. In practice, Transistor's plot is delivered to the player in a scattershot and confusing fashion, with text logs providing most of the lore and significant interactions of the game. In play, Transistor's multi-faceted system becomes either exploit-a-strategy to win or get destroyed. Environments that the game tells us are really interesting end up feeling more like arenas for the next fight, and the entire game gets wrapped up in moving from arena to arena, hoping the plot will become more accessible by the next big fight. The beautiful art direction and captivating soundtrack offer just that more of the tease of what Transistor could have been. For its low price, it's certainly worth enjoying what Transistor is--a touching, sometimes-confusing romp through a cyberpunk strategy combat world."
76561198066355502,Recommended,237930,24287598,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Viszay,"Beautiful game, amazing soundtrack. I love the story and the gameplay doesn't get stale, so many combinations and modifiers."
76561197970720161,Recommended,237930,11089945,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Game_Dude,"Unique, fun and challenging gameplay. Story and narrative very compelling."
,Recommended,237930,10260819,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,(๑ↀᆺↀ๑)✧,"Transistor is a lovely game; it has beautiful artwork, a great soundtrack, an intriguing setting and fun gameplay. I would thoroughly recommend it to anyone. It has a few flaws: Transistor was a very easy game, it appeared to have some conflicting design decisions (specifically two of the limiters) and had some balance issues/shallow combat in parts. However, none of these flaws stopped me from enjoying the game, so I don't think they should stop anyone from purchasing it."
76561198061018281,Recommended,237930,34210012,Posted: 13 August,all,Theophany,A piece of art.
76561198026933946,Recommended,237930,34136844,Posted: 9 August,all,Doomgaze,Fantastic and beautiful.
,Recommended,237930,11234412,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Trijhaaahk theres skeletons help,"Transistor is a rather unique game, coming from the developers of Bastion, Supergiant Games. While some may have been expecting a story and gameplay similar to Bastion, it is fortunate that Supergiant Games did not down that route, and it is important to remember the following: Transistor is not Bastion, and Bastion is not Trasistor. That doesn't mean they don't have a few things that are alike, but they are very different games.Much like Bastion, much of the 'narration' of the game, if in this case it can be called that - is once again voiced by Logan Cunningham, who voiced the narrator of Bastion. Here, though, the voice is much more laid-back and relaxed rather than the rough voice he used before. It works, and helps distinguish his 'character' from being yet another narrator. You'll be hearing him a lot.The gameplay is quite solid, although, much like Bastion, not too difficult, for some not being difficult enough. To remedy that, there are the Limiters - which act much like Bastion's Idols - which make the game harder. The way you fight in Transistor will rely on you using the functions you have available, and the best thing about them is that they can 'upgraded' with other functions to change their effects slightly or fit into a 'passive' slot that passively affects things. For example, the first function you get, Crash(), does 50 damage and very temporarily stuns enemies. In another function's upgrade slot, it will make that other function temporarily stun the enemy. In a passive slot, it will reduce damage by 25% percent. There are 16 different functions in total, and that allows for a lot of different combinations . This allows you to use whatever functions fit your playstyle. For example, there's one that 'masks' you, making you effectively invisible to opponents, and another that temporarily switches their allegiance from opposing you to serving you. All of these functions can be used inside and outside Turn(), which is a fairly important mechanic: it stops time, and allows you to plan your moves, then perform them in a matter of seconds, but has a cooldown that spans several seconds, in which you can move - but can't use any functions. This helps when dealing with large amounts of opponents, or when you want to backstab them and they just won't stop moving. This also leads to situations where using Turn() wouldn't be necessary or very hard, due to the nature of some opponents - sometimes you will have to wait for the right time to use it, or decide whether to use it at all.In terms of music, it fits the game's world, and is very good. Obviously, that's no surprise, this being a Supergiant game after all. But it's the songs that have lyrics that stand out. In Bastion, there were only a few, about two or three. In Transistor, there are five. What's even better here, is that you can 'earn' the music to listen to them in what is basically the closest thing the game has to a hub by completing the game's challenges.Story-wise, the game doesn't give much exposition. Most of the story can be gathered by inferring from what the game shows and tells you through the 'narration', as well as the function files. This is probably where the game falls short for some, as some things are not immediately obvious."
,Recommended,237930,14061154,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,eldee,"Alright, first and foremost let me point out that I have recommended this game, which will contrast with what will sound like a negative review. If it comes off that way it's because I felt like Transistor could have been so much more, but standing next to Bastion it's withering in the shade. Overall it was an enjoyable experience, but at the end of the day I'm glad I got it on sale or I might have been very disappointed.Let's start with the things I enjoyed about the game. The thing that jumps out first is that there's a lot of love behind this game. You can tell that Supergiant wanted to really connect with their audience by creating an immersive world and characters that you can sympathize with. The real-time/active-time combat tries new things while staying grounded in somewhat familiar territory for most strategy/rpg fans, and being able to 'socket' abilities into other abilities makes for some interesting emergent play-styles.Now for the things I didn't find very enjoyable, or thought could have been done better:First- about that immersive environment Supergiant wanted to create in Transistor. Personally, I felt like that was a total whiff. They should have called this game Esoterica, because it's filled with fluff that is never explained. It's like picking up a sci-fi book you've never read before and know nothing about- picking a random page in the middle, and reading for four hours. By the end you know more than you did at the beginning, but you're still lost for the most part.. you're missing fundamental information to make sense of the story.As far as the characters go, I wanted to feel connected to them- I read every little bio and sought out every OVA station to learn more about the world and its inhabitants- but it feels hollow. Like they're trying too hard to live up to Bastion, which achieved greatness in both gameplay and storytelling almost effortlessly.I found the ""narrator"" in this game to be completely obnoxious. In Bastion the narrator added a lot of flavor and backstory to the world, since as a third party witness to the events that were going down, he could provide information that the player needed to feel connected to the things that were happening around them. In Transistor, he just monologues.. it's like going on a road trip with somebody who can't make meaningful conversation and doesn't like the sound of silence so they read every billboard you see. Eventually you would rather swerve into oncoming traffic than hear that there's a Cracker Barrel in 2.7 miles.The game itself is reasonably fun, if a bit repetitive (which is kind of a strike against it in its own right... how can a game with so much personality be repetitive after only 3 hours?). The ability socketing system is a very interesting spin on the whole 'play how you want RPG' genre. It's easily exploitable for those who want an easier time with things- but for players looking for a challenge can apply handicaps that award you with additional experience at the cost of a harder game. I would have liked to see a bit more variety here, but it's clear that they were designing a 4 hour game and not a 20 hour game.I ran into a LOT of bugs, which was disappointing considering how late to the Transistor party I am. Supergiant has had ample time to fine tune the experience- but I was running into issues where all of the AI models were missing (you could mouse over them and get tooltips, but the models were missing). A few times during combat I was teleported outside of the ""ring"" and couldn't get back in, so I was locked into a combat state and couldn't end the fight- so I had to force-close and restart. And just pathing issues in general.. plenty of times I'd click on a point to run to, but Red would choose the most bizarre path to get to an unobstructed position. This happened frequently during combat turns, where the incorrect path taken would basically ruin all of the proceeding commands (attacks firing into thin air, etc). It wasn't so frequent that it was game-breaking, but it happened enough to merit mentioning.And if you don't want any spoilers, this is probably a good spot to stop reading because I need to vent about something that happens at the very end of the game.Still here? Okay. So one of the things I'd read about this game was that it had a ""strong female lead"" and that supergiant was doing a great service to female gamers with Transistor. Now, full disclosure- I'm a dude, so it's entirely possible that I don't get it. I fully recognize that I may in fact lack the extra ""X"" chromosome to understand what girl gamers are looking for in a game with a female lead. However, at the end of the game when Red chooses to off herself to be with this guy we (the player) know nothing about had my eyes rolling into the back of my head. I felt like it was a cheap romantic plug at the end of what could have been a somewhat interesting (albiet confusing) story. Here she is with the 'brush' that could remake the world- she could un♥♥♥♥ everything that the calimari or whoever destroyed. But instead she rebuilds a plaza, then sits down next to the narrator's body and stabs herself with the big blue sword. Poetic I guess? Maybe we need more context. Maybe the world isn't worth saving if they can't be together, but Supergiant gave us NOTHING on this guy. Not a name, not a backstory.. nothing. His bio card is ""Unknown"" with zero information.Anyway.. It's worth playing. It has its problems, but it did not live up to my expectations at all."
,Recommended,237930,11296664,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Half-Pint Hatter,"I'm 15 minutes in. 15 minutes in and I'm already feeling for a character who doesn't even speak. 15 minutes in and I'm already completely engrossed in the word they've created.Only 15 minutes and I'm already willing to call 10/10 must-buy on this game.Hell, if I'm honest with myself, they hooked me at 5."
76561198045779576,Recommended,237930,11694659,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Catalyst,"A bit on the short side, but the game has a good story, an amazing world with some amazing lore, a stellar soundtrack, and an amazing artstyle. The combat is a bit clunky when it comes to its Turn() system and the amount of time you have to run around like a headless chicken before you can fight again in and out of Turn(). As stated above, the game is short which is sad seeing that there's a beautifully crafted world layed out before you with enough lore to make the city come to life, even if you don't meet more than two or three actual people(barring the character profiles you can unlock throughout the game). Speaking of characters, the characters were alright; there wasn't enough of the game to get truely attached to any of them, which sucked at the end. Overall, I think this game is great; I can't stress that enough, even with its problems. I highly reccomend getting this game and the soundtrack on sale, and set about 5-6 hours aside for a short, but sweet story."
76561197960520187,Recommended,237930,10185128,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Otacon,"More impressions than a review I guess, but bottom line, I started playing at around 8PM, and the first time I actually checked a clock after starting it was 1:30AM. It was that engrossing; beautiful art, awesome soundtrack, and the combat systems keeps me wanting to keep going to try to dig out new combos. I think I have the gist of the story figured out, though I think I'm only halfwayish through so we'll see how things develop, but I'm liking it so far. Definite recommendation from me."
,Recommended,237930,17986476,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,teagone,"Finally got around to finishing this... game owns. Love the aesthetic, the mood, the gameplay—pretty much everything about it."
,Recommended,237930,33103523,Posted: 1 July,all,Montalve,"I saw the game when it was coming out and bough it for PS4, where I platinum throphied it, between the music, the story and the game play I feel in love it, so in one of the many summer/winter sales I got it. I just began re-playing it and I keep loving it."
76561198320037252,Recommended,237930,35307333,Posted: 29 September,all,Kagamine Tricker,"I don't really review, and when I do, it's short and not very informative. But this game is too good to go without saying what I think. The soundtrack is amazing and worth a listen, the art is fantastic in it's own style, and the likeable characters and settings are just a bonus. As for the story, you are cast straight into the action without any infomation, but it slowly unravels throughout your playthrough. It may be short, but sometimes shorter is sweeter. If you enjoy turn-based or action RPG games, this is for you."
76561198045710155,Recommended,237930,28354860,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Da Fantabulous Shiznista,"What an absolutely fantastic game. Beautiful soundtrack and artistry. Fun and challenging game-play. I like how they encourage you to use all the functions on the Transistor by unfolding the story as you use them. Also, what a cool short story. Great ♥♥♥♥in game."
,Recommended,237930,10192605,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Alebak,"Transistor is awesome.The Art and Music team from Bastion return and knock it out of the park a second time.Gameplay allows for loads of experimentation and theres probably a combination of powers that perfectly suits your transformation into a Red headed killing machine.My only gripe is that it's shorter than Bastion was but otherwise it's 10/10 GOTYAYSupergiant clearly knows what they're doing, so now I'm waiting to see what they do next."
,Recommended,237930,13057815,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,*Onodoormatfags on Suicidewatch*,This game should be a model for game makers everywhere
76561198044695906,Recommended,237930,24379229,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Dread,"Do you like a game with breathaking graphics that can abosorb you into its world?Do you like to see a great story, told in a great way? Do you wanna be part of that story?Do you like and appreciate good music?Do you like interesting gameplay?Do you like learning more and more for the world you play in, by doing things?The game is exactly what I personally cherish as an experience.It's like watching a huge artistic painting, listening to a great music album, reading a great sci-fi book and playing a video game at the same time.Lots of years ago, before Steam, there was Kongregate. There you could play free games. Some of them were too artistic to be called of a certain genre really. Thus users silently made a special tag, a genre named ""Art"".Supergiant Games make pieces of art, not just games.A game that made me cry deserves all the credit for it.I didn't beat the game, this game beated me."
,Recommended,237930,10283457,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Dohtoor,Must. Have.
,Recommended,237930,27219666,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Fspirit,"Supergiant made another gem.They would have had to do a lot to overshadow their previous masterpiece, Bastion.But with the stunning visuals, music, and narrative, with a good and in-deph combat system to back it up, Transistor made it into many top 10 lists in 2014, well deserved."
76561198111546032,Recommended,237930,32817556,Posted: 26 June,all,Creepy,perfect
,Recommended,237930,24100497,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Xeos Celeres,"A damn good sci-fi platformer. Engaging, fun, and gripping story that leaves you open to thought."
,Recommended,237930,28568890,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,ROGERIM PIROCA DE FOICE,"It's hard to review a game with such little flaws. The story is a masterpiece, could easily be extrapolated to become a critic of our society, the soundtrack, jesus ♥♥♥♥ing christ the soundtrack, if you played you know there aren't words to describe it. The graphics are ridiculously beautiful, scenarios are quite detailed, enemies not much but that's to be expected, won't say why since it would be a spoiler.Okay, so, to sum it up pretty poorly, the game is about a utopian city where the people who live there can shape it however they wish, until something goes wrong. You are in charge of finding out what went wrong and why. At first i thought it would be something like, ""yeah well theres the supervillain who wanted the power all to himself"" or something along those lines, as it usually is. I was wrong. Oh boy, i was.Without further ado, let's get to numbers and proper review of the game's aspects.Pros:+ Brilliant backstory+ Amazing soundtrack+ Gameplay mechanics mixes a lot of many games together, making it unique+ Very well designed, looks almost like a piece of art coming to life+ Has good replay value, since it has a ""new game+"" like feature+ You can customize your abilities to match your playstyle+ You can customize the difficulty setting of the game by messing exactly with which part you want easier/harder+ Very interesting way to develop character backgroundsCons:- Rather short game, you can finish the main story in about 5 hours- Even if you can choose the abilities, some of them are overpowered, making them almost mandatory- Battles become a chore after certain abilities are unlocked- Price is a little high for a game so shortWith about 26 hours into it, i have unlocked everything there was to unlock and got all achievements the game had. Even though the price is not ideal, it's still worth the extra effort, and if you can buy it on a good sale, the price problem is gone.Final score: 8.6/10. If you're a fan of games with more thought provoking storylines, or like new/unexplored combat systems, this game is for you."
,Recommended,237930,11493922,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Choujeen,"It's not hack&slash, t's10 HACK20 SLASH30 GOTO 10"
,Recommended,237930,28165179,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,FlowerBoy,Short but sweet game with unique gameplay that is enjoyable and has a very nice story. Would recommend to all. 9/10
,Recommended,237930,18335787,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,recoilr,"I loved Bastion and I love Transistor even more. These guys know how to make an aesthetically pleasing game and this game works on every level. Everything from the detailed beautiful artstyle through the mix-and-match weapon customization, the music and the slightly mystified but very detailed and culturally grounded narrative is downright amazing. I think I'll submit a job application when I finish writing this review."
,Recommended,237930,26126726,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Hermes,"Transistor. A cyberpunk, apocalyptic RPG filled with enigmas in a masterpiece of a scenic city.The basic story of the game is that you control Red, a beautiful young singer whom was attacked by the Camerata, losing her voice in the process. Escaping backstage, she finds and wields an extravargently crafted sword referred to asThe Transistor, a weapon with the ability to hold the consciousness of the deceased and be the ""brush"" that crafts the city of Cloudbank. As the story progresses, it is learned that Cloudbank is gradually being destroyed by monstrosities--The Process--after the Camerata lost their ownership of the Transistor, leaving them to cower in fear of the creatures.As Red seeks answers, your job is to blast through every wave or horde of processes that stand in your path, traversing the metropolis as it crumbles away to a blank canvas. Throughout the game, you progressively develop new attacks and combinations as well as face against harder entities from within the futuristic world.ReviewThe GoodGetting into the game, it was a nice experience and proved to be beautifully done. The music and scenes are well done and provide a lovely aesthetic as I progressed in the game. Truthfully, this entire game's atmosphere and environments, action/gameplay, and enemies are all unique from common RPG/Strategy games that I have seen and was definitely something new; the story elements are excellent too. After completed the game on the first good, you are able to replay it with a slightly harder difficulty, facing tougher enemies earlier and able to gain the remainder of the upgrades and limiters in the game.The Bad---Concluding Comments--Hermix."
,Recommended,237930,14719415,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,beezus,"Absolutely loved this game.While you simply cannot beat Bastion's soundtrack or narrator, Transistor's soundtrack does not disappoint, and the Hum feature is really cool. I enjoyed the world and storyline, though both can be confusing at times.The battle/customization system is awesome, based on Functions used in Active, Upgrade, or Passive slots, in addition to the given Turn() Function which allows you to pause battle and plan out your next few moves. Trying out different combinations is encouraged through optional tests the player can complete for experience at various points throughout the game, as well as receiving information on a Function's associated character as you use it in different slots, but the game allows you to use your tried-and-true combos enough that you don't feel you're constantly having to switch things around (though I found it fun to).Once you beat the game, you have the option to start Recursive Play, where you keep your User Level and all Functions/Upgrades and start the game anew, earning the same Functions as before allowing their use in more than one slot. I enjoyed this second playthrough, though I really wish that you could continue the original story instead of restarting.COMPLETELY, 100% worth the money if you pick it up on sale, and I highly recommend you do."
,Recommended,237930,16783954,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Fisho,"Cons : a bit short, that's literally it. Even with all the side missions it took me around 5 hours to finish.Pros : amazing soundtrack, style, combat. Heartbreaking short story. Very well done. After games like these NOBODY can say games aren't art. This is pure artistic masterpiece."
,Recommended,237930,16787597,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,HumanMatingRitual,"Supergiant has done it again.  PLaying with my heart via a wonderful voice over/narrator.  This game is stunning, and I know I am late for this train but I can't recommend it more, really.  Also there is a dog."
,Recommended,237930,13996414,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,DINNYFORST,"Transistor is a game that drives my heart into the world of cyberpunk and dystopian science fiction. It’s not just about gorgeous presentation and addictive combat, but I also realize the fault of human creation.The more you advance in Transistor, the more you understand how the truth of the Cloudbank. Most of the time, Transistor is your main weapon and storyteller. Transistor also gives you strong narrative, telling what is going on, and comments on your interaction even each terminal is worthwhile to read.As you fight against The Process, the main feature is shined out. Transistor’s combat can split into real-time approach and turn-based approach which give you planning phase to set your position, target, and set of skills. The variety of skill as you progress through the game make Transistor has unique combat and gives player’s choice to try out their own skill build. Even the limiter feature which works like player debuff, and test rooms offer challenge and thinking rather than spamming for win. However, it can be frustrated for cool down after turn mode is used as you may have to run around in small area while some enemies can constantly harm you. It is just minor issue which you can get over with once you get your perfect build.Transistor is such a unique and great experience. Not just engaging combat, but I fell in love in polished art design, story, and memorable soundtracks which create what people like in the game. And I’m pretty sure you will enjoy much as I do once you get deeper into The Cloudbank."
,Recommended,237930,24773418,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,"Jerma - ""You got a problem?""","So, your a girl who lost her voice, and the weapon she holds is called the Transistor. I'm not giving away anything else. buy this game, along with Bastion. Buy both at the same time.P.s. i could fap to this soundtrack."
,Recommended,237930,10720560,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Captain Foreskin,"Without a single doubt in my mind, this game truly makes a mark in the independent market. Everything in the game is built with an insurmountable amount of love, passion and confidence. This is a fantastic game that anyone looking for a deeply immersive, as well as groundbreaking experience. Everything from gameplay to writting is absolutely astounding; and don't even get me started on the phenomenal soundtrack! This game will win you over the moment you start it up."
,Recommended,237930,13542059,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Team Fortress 2 Fighter,"Only a Meta Score of 83/100? This game shows how much ""game critics"" are paid off.Edit for people who might not understand: The game is 110/100."
,Recommended,237930,13670081,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,xSpeedShot,You call this a game? I call it art. A art that talks and moves you.
,Recommended,237930,10404543,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Prf.ValianceTheQuestorOfAZ,Heart break simulator. 10/10
,Recommended,237930,10947606,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Spaghetti Sloth #420blazescope,"If you prefer quality over quantity this game is for you. Transistor is a fantastic game with amazing soundtracks that you hear throughout the game. The gameplay itself is quite unique but the best way I could describe it is if you had Dragon Age:Origin's ability to stop time and every move or attack you plan,sucked up this time bar that let you stay in that frozen time and after you unleash your barrage of attacks it would just charge back up read for you to use again. This is pretty crucial to most combat in the game so you'll tend to spam it as soon as it comes off cooldown. The story when you first start is pretty confusing and I pretty much had no idea what was going on until I was done with a 1/3 of the game and the game isn't really straightforward with the storytelling so you pretty much have to go through with the tidbits that are given to you at the beginning and just complete the puzzle by either completing files or going through OVC terminals or just listening to what the characters say during their dialogues. The customization allows you to format abilities you can use during a battle, augment those abilities onto another ability that enhances it in some way, or you can decide to augment it onto your body. You can pretty much switch however way you want it anytime during the game provided you get to a terminal which is pretty common throughout the whole game. I was actually impressed with how the game looked overall and it pretty much looked like a work of art, not counting the gameplay aspects or the phenomenal soundtracks. The replayability is pretty much the same as Bastion and it lets you restart over and is called Recursion, keeping your abilitites and level so you can go through the whole game fighting the same late game enemies you would be fighting at the end of the game. Transistor is short, you could probably finish the whole game in around 10 hours but sweet jesus it's 10 really good hours without even touching the Recursion aspect. Transistor is GOTY material, buy it, try it, cry at how short it is."
,Recommended,237930,12590299,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,SagaciousJones,"Transistor blends Bastion’s fast-paced isometric combat with a methodical tactical planning mode to create a unique action system that fits well within its vibrant urban sci-fi setting. You can assign each ability as an action command, a passive bonus, or as an upgrade to another ability, which allows for a vast variety of combinations. This character customization, as well as your options to tweak enemy abilities, provides you significant freedom to tailor your game experience.  Bastion’s combat sandbox and escalating challenge modes return, complementing Transistor’s many avenues for player experimentation. The combat system, however, does significantly favor the planning mode, leaving you relatively weak during the real-time portions while you wait for your planning ability to recharge.  The gorgeous character art and atmospheric music paint a beautiful presentation over the solid gameplay, but the story feels stretched thin as major characters and events receive only minor acknowledgement before moving on. Moreover, the omnipresent narrator says little of value and his comments come across as a scattered stream-of-consciousness in contrast to the wise insight of Bastion’s commentary. Transistor retains many of Bastion’s best elements and distinguishes itself with its unique hybrid action, but fails to entirely match its predecessor’s heights.4/5 – Really liked it."
76561197967543196,Recommended,237930,12578436,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Rockovissi,"A competent, Action-RPG set in a Dystopian universe against an Art Deco backdrop, utilizing a comprehensive and tailor-made attack system and includes a great soundtrack."
76561198085770993,Recommended,237930,12736191,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Udan,Excelente! Melhor mecânica de turnos que já joguei!
,Recommended,237930,31514414,Posted: 2 May,all,Mr. H. A. Voc,"Best game ever. Really enjoyed gameplay and story. Music is fantastic and deserves the extra $10.Downsides?Ehh, I guess a longer story might have been nice. However, I can see the reasons why such a thing might not work.Alltogether I rate 11/10Also for Naruto fans: Jaunt() + ( Help() )You're welcome"
,Recommended,237930,24334795,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Corazón Esqueleto,"Stunning, visually and musically beautiful, touching story, fun gameplay. Has all the good parts from Bastion and none of the bad."
,Recommended,237930,24332261,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Tulra,"I'm gonna be honest, I almost never review games. I usually play games and leave feeling as though I had fun, but that nothing was really accomplished. But it is for that exact reason, I am reviewing Transistor.This game was amazing.Everything was well thought out, and it really showed in the final product being one of the best most enjoyable games I have ever played. Combat is flawless, the art style is beautiful and the games amazing music actually made me, a person who NEVER has audio on in a game listen throughout the entire game. On top of that, the thing I loved most about Transistor was the story. OOOOOOOOOOOOOOH MA GAWWWWWWD THE STORY.In conclusion, Transistor was so goddamn good. Buy it. And to SuperGiant, make more games that are as flawless as transistor and I will be a happy person."
,Recommended,237930,18640761,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,gwwtbg,"I have ambivalent feelings about Transistor. As much as I love the overall aesthetic and atmosphere of the game, I could not get into the combat at all. Unlike Bastion (which was developed by the same company), Transistor suffers from somewhat repetitive combat while enemies lack variety.Whereas Bastion was more action oriented, Transistor puts emphasis on planning and requires you to pause the battle – i.e. initiate a Turn() –  and queue up your attacks, execute those attacks, and then spend some time running away from enemies during Turn() recovery, until you are able to repeat the process. You wield only one weapon (the sword Transistor) augmented with various functions: you can have up to four functions installed at a time and each can be upgraded with up to two other functions. You can change your functions at every access point (which are save points in the game and are quite frequent) but mostly you find a combination that works and stick with it – since enemies are not very varied, you don't need to change your strategy much between different battles. As a result, the combat starts feeling repetitive.Another thing that doesn't work as good in Transistor as it did in Bastion is the narrator. In Bastion he was an omniscient narrator who recounted the protagonist's adventures and described the post-apocalyptic world the game was set in. In Transistor, the narrator is the voice of the protagonist's lover trapped in the sword and his comments are directed at her – and frequently they are reduced to inconsequential passing comments, small talk, comments on whether you've entered some door or what the weather is like and similar. The developers clearly wanted a narrator to accompany you on your journey, but too often he is reduced to just making passing remarks that are in no way necessary, illuminating, witty, etc. As a result, many of his remarks feel superfluous and unneeded. On a second playthrough he becomes downright annoying at moments.The narrator would have worked a lot better if only the developers allowed him to talk more about what was happening in the game, about the motives of the antagonists, about past events that took place, about the world of Cloudbank in general. But they made the story purposefully vague, so that you have to uncover it by reading the terminals and the descriptions of the functions, which begs the question – why have a narrator at all?I wanted to like Transistor much more than I did because the art design and the atmosphere of the game instantly attracted me. The game is absolutely gorgeous looking and at every step I wanted to see more of that world. The story also drew me in right at the start – it started as a murder mystery and I needed to piece together what happened and why, and where my character was even going. A lot of the story is told through terminals you can interact with and through the descriptions of functions, which are not available until you have equipped a function in three slots (active, passive, and upgrade) and used it. However, much is also left unexplained or at least ambiguous, and I'm not sure if this was done on purpose or if it is the result of the fact that not everything can be delivered adequately through terminals and function descriptions.Despite some of its flaws, Transistor is an interesting game. I just wish I found the combat more fun."
,Recommended,237930,16329922,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Kinst,"Music, animation, art direction and gameplay. Everything in this game is absolutely beautiful. The game truly shines in it's Recursion (New Game Plus) mode."
76561198014175847,Recommended,237930,10246516,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,KL0r31n1GER | #Idon'tknowthem,"class TransistorReview{public String story=""Story 8/10"";public String graphics=""Graphics 9/10"";public String sound=""Sound/Music 10/10"";public String gameplay=""Gameplay 10/10"";private String opinion=""Overall opinion 9/10"";public static void main(String[] args){System.out.println(story+"": ""+""The story is IMHO quite amazing for a game which only takes around 6 hours to complete.I don't want to spill the beans so I won't go into the details but at some points in the game I almost started crying...But as I mentioned before: 6 hours is just not long enough to tell an epic tale so I can't give more than 8 points which is very sad as I think that there is alot of potential in this games background story."");System.out.println(graphics+"": ""+""It's a top-down indie game so don't expect a game made with the Frostbite 3 engine or something similiar.Still it deserves to be praised for it's gorgeous artstyle ! Together with the soundtrack it creates an incredible immersion right from the beginning of the game. 9/10"");System.out.println(sound+"": ""+""The sound effects quality ranges from ""okay"" to ""good"" IMO. There was no moment in the game where I was totally overwhelmed by the sound effects and i think that I wished for something more.BUT: The Soundtrack is amazing !!! The atmosphere created by the background music really is a huge part of what makes the game a memorable experience in my opinion and I already thought about buying the soundtrack so that I can listen to it even when I'm not playing this game. Because of this I gave it a 10/10 for the sound."");System.out.println(gameplay+"": ""+""The game is some sort of mixture between a fast paced action game and a round based strategy game. The player has the ability to stop the time to plan his/her next moves and afterwards needs to wait until his energy is completely replenished because of this it is very crucial to carefully plan how much energy you want to spend on moving and attacking during the planning phase. Overall the gameplay makes a nice blend between action- and strategy-games and fits perfectly into this virtual sci-fi world 10/10."");System.out.println(opinion+"": ""+""For its 18,99€ pricetag (27.05.2014) it's definetly worth buying in my opinion, even with a quite short playtime of 6 hours for the 1st playthrough. But it is important to know that depending on how many enemies you fight and your difficulty settings you may not even have unlocked all abilities (functions) by the end of the game. Which is not really a problem because you can just start all over and level up until lvl 31 while unlocking additional slots for your functions and gaining more points to spend on your functions. So I'm definetly going to play this game a 2nd time ;).Very enjoyable game from the very beginning until the end. (^.^)b"");}}"
,Recommended,237930,13934849,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,doomleika,"Read before you buy.The world is beautiful, the music/sound effect s are awesome. and the story... well that's just say it takes huge mount of thinking and search around the web to make sense.Supergiants games established themself as the ""3A studio"" in indie games no joke. This game is quality stuff. But be warned . It's less easy to understand than Bastion, their previous game.Gameplay is unqiue but the 'combination of function' got some problem which some combos are must have while others are not as good as it sounds. Especially true on high difficulty(10 limiters)The games isn't long/riddle of unlockable either. you can finish the game in one sitting, around 6 hours. 10 hours on all challange and perhaps 5 more on second playthrough on hardest difficulty.It's fun, it's short. Just know that it's not going to last.  but you are going to enjoy every second of it."
76561198065019045,Recommended,237930,10626091,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Frikkie,It's good.
,Recommended,237930,16710114,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Sgt. Murtaugh,"Another phenomenal game from Supergiant Games. The atmosphere, story, and music were superb. The combat system is great, there are many different combinations to set you your skills. It can be played with a keyboard or controller. Definitely buy the soundtrack!"
,Recommended,237930,11094700,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Ibrheem_Q4,"wellgameplay: it dosen't really add that much it's like bastion but with trun based , you have diffrent kind of wapones that you can use , upgrades and stuff like that you can say it has more depth then bastion and it is not really that long like bastion it took 4-5 hours to beat the game and it's not really that boring.Sounds : both the voice acting and the music are good flawless but still perfer bastion ostStroy:the point of this story or the game is to make the player make his own idea or theory of this world and the ending too like in dark souls .after the ending the game leaves a lot of questions and it's up to you to find the answersi'm not going to say more about the story because i might screw up the experience for youso yeah if you like this kind of stories you will like this toothe game is good after all and there's a New Game+ mode so if you liked bastion you might like this game but this game is not really for everyone."
,Recommended,237930,10185902,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,murodese,"Good art, good music, good story, good combat. WHAT MORE COULD YOU WANT YOU ENTITLED ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198058135507,Recommended,237930,12613246,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,GLΔDIATOR,"One of the most amazing games I've ever played! Unusual experience, calming music, interesting gameplay solution, lots of fresh ideas... Deserved 10\10."
,Not Recommended,237930,33682137,Posted: 20 July,all,Cyrad,"I was very disappointed in this game despite my love of Bastion.The game's story handles exposition poorly and has major flaws in execution with a plot that ultimately made me feel like I completely wasted my time. While the combat system is interesting and tries to make you experiment with new abilities, it has several issues that make it flow awkwardly. And considering that almost the entire game is a nonstop onslaught of fighting waves of the same enemies over and over again, the combat gets dull very fast. And that's saying something considering you can beat the game in less than 5 hours.However, the art style is absolutely beautiful and the soundtrack has several memorable singles. The game has some pretty cool tech behind it, with scenary bouncing in response to the music and a ""hummed"" version of each song playing whenever you pause the game to take a Turn().As much as I want to love this game, it's little more than a beautiful mess that's criminally short."
76561198044771707,Recommended,237930,10183349,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Berioth,"So we were all hyped once we heard about Supergiant`s 2nd game, specially after something like Bastion and normally, being hyped is a huge mistake as it sets your expectations very high, but this time, even my hype wasn`t prepared for this game, it surpassed my expectations. Beautiful art and music, coupled with an entertaining combat system with huge amounts of options towards attacking, debuffing, summoning canines to bark at enemies are making it an even better experience."
76561198019107435,Not Recommended,237930,14159396,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Vampyro,"Let's get the good points down first:Great Art, music and setting. Good story.The not so good points are, it has some great concepts but thats what they are. Concepts. Combat is rather boring and while it encourages deversity in skills, there are some skills that just aren't that useful. While the enemy types are good there are very few of them and they just upgrade them as the game goes along. The planning mode is a mixed bag as its the only way to do seroius damage but it frequently lies about how much damage you do. The story while good feels very bastion and it keeps you in the dark a little too much.I found that the Zero Punctuation review perfectly covered most of what I have said.I can't recommend buying this game but it is certainly worth a play if you can get a free copy or to play it on a friends pc. However if a patch ever comes out that fixes the planning mode to actually be accurate in telling damage, I would change my review to a recommended"
,Recommended,237930,10326041,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Jacquemort,The sword... DAT VOICE.
,Recommended,237930,11566119,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Edwardlloyd,hmmmmmmmhmm hmmmmm hmmmmmhmmmmmm
,Recommended,237930,29500540,Posted: 26 January,all,Kaká,"Definitivamente um dos melhores jogos que eu joguei em toda minha vida e dessa categoria.Não sei nem muito o que dizer, só sentir.A trilha sonora é genial.O enredo muito bem feito.Qualidade visual excelente.Jogabilidade gostosíssima.Possibilidade de combinar os skills a seu próprio gosto.Não sei nem dizer se esse jogo tem algum defeito, fiquei maravilhada com tudo que vi e ouvi.Vale cada centavo investido, seja em promoção ou não (mas aproveite a promoção, ela costuma aparecer com certa frequência).Obs: Você vai amar a Red e tudo que ela é capaz de fazer.Essse jogo é puro amor10/10"
76561198007579261,Recommended,237930,16906047,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Bomoo,"Before we begin, let us establish something that should be obvious from the game's title, but apparently isn't to some players:THIS IS NOT BASTION 2Playing it like it was Bastion 2 can only lead to frustration and disaappointment. To appreciate Transistor, you must approach it respectfully, on its own terms, and not guided by your own expectations, as, really, you should be doing with every game worth talking about.While it uses some of the same innovative mechanisms that were introduced in Bastion, it is not, nor does it try to be, more of the same - something I admire with Supergiant's production that, apparently, some players of the game find frustration with. They could've easily printed money by making a Bastion 2, but chose to make something original instead. How can you not admire such a departure from the unscrupulous money grab that is sadly becoming the norm in this hobby?I've likely already gifted you this game if we're on reasonably friendly terms. But for everyone else, allow me to say that, speaking as an experienced gamer, this is my favourite game. It is, in a word, perfection, and those of you who know how critical I can be of these things should know I do not say that lightly. Perfectly harmonized design, art direction, music, writing, everything. The team at Supergiant, earning themselves a place as my personal favourite developers, and in any case an honoured spot on the true A-list, have here created another superbly crafted game that I warmly encourage everyone to try and experience."
,Not Recommended,237930,16717479,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Snuggles,"A couple of things - one - Puzzlefox's excellent thumbs down review adequately summarizes many of my complaints about the game, lack of variety, almost non-existent story, a tedious rather than rewarding challenge area, and simplistic enemies.  So there is that - having loved bastion to tag this game with any of those things (which it excelled at) is really disheartening. However aside from those issues I had some of my own (ignore my logged playtime, I got in about 3-4ish hours off the books.I still haven't finished this game. I may come back and change my review if I can ever stand to drudge my way through it. Until such a time - here are the reasons why despite loving bastion and SuperGiant; I consider this game a misfire and would only recommend it to people when it's on sale or if they simply want to support the studio without buying multiple copies of bastion.Combat.I really like turn-based games. I am enjoying my third playthrough of Invisible Inc at the time of writing this review, I also actually mucked around with the challenge modes and New Game + in Bastion, so I can get into some hack n slash. What I can't get into, no matter how hard I try, is violently switching between those two formats over and over in a fight. Or more accurately, I can't get into doing a ""turn"" and then running around or hiding for a few seconds while it recharges. It breaks my immersion, feels tedious, and honestly makes every fight in the game a chore. I know some people are really into this; and it clicks for them. I am deeply envious of those people because if the game had full turn-based I am positive I would have at least had the stomach to make it to the end.Story/NarrationI am combining these two, because I have yet to make it to the second boss (I am assuming there are three) in any playthrough and the second nail in the coffin is the narration. I love Logan as a voice actor, he essentially sold Bastion for me, and I'm not saying he needs to display a huge range in the early game. However - dribbling the story out slowly is simply less effective for me when he sounds so utterly emotionless and bored while delivering every single line. His dry quips never land, and honestly it's like they woke him up after trapping him in a sound booth and made sure he only recorded lines while still wiping the sleep from his eyes.Again - this might change in Act 3 or something - but if you bore me in the beginning I may never make it that far.Style.Initially I was really loving the art design. I still love the menus, music, and overall style. However one thing I lamented is that as I move from one section of the city to the next, I can barely tell any real difference. Part of what worked in Bastion was that each area felt distinct. With this game each area might have some slight variation, but the overwhelming same-ness of it all started to really wear on me. It didn't help that the random white blocks that popped up detracted from any sense of geography or style. In Bastion it was shop-carts, barrels, and plants. In this game it's just white blocks. White blocks. White Blocks. I'm not sure what they were going for here but it definitely contributed to my overall boredom.So inevitably it comes to this. If I had to rate it on a scale, I'd give it a 5/10. A well-polished game from a really good developer that simply misses several of the targets I really needed it to hit. However I don't get a scale, I just get a recommend or not. I don't recommend it, certainly not for $20. No one is sadder than me that I feel this way, and I sincerely hope their next game wins me back over."
76561198025480072,Not Recommended,237930,23996114,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Corchopán Jack,"I was expecting a lot of this game, given that I loved Bastion and the reviews are extremely good, but I didn't manage to like it, even if I tried.The storytelling is sketchy, bland, disconnected. It manages to create an atmosphere, but not a solid story. The gameplay is interesting, the combat system is amazing, but has serious downsides: It messes up your build as a punishment for screwing up, and it depends too much on the ""turn programmer"". Challenges available were also pretty weak, and everything was way too lineal.Anyway, it's a great and enjoyable game, but small flaws can make it pretty disappointing."
,Recommended,237930,11501134,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Kaos,"If you are thinking about getting this game, get this game. Loved every bit of it and the soundtrack is amazing! Highly reccomend this game for anyone who needs a break from a flagship game."
76561198037739127,Recommended,237930,11523839,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,TattleTale,"I bought TRANSISTOR at $13.39 and I got about 20 hours of high-quality playtime out of the purchase. I consider that a great buy.So many elements of this game standout:- The combat mechanics are fully customizable, strategic, and introduced in layers - as you play, not thrown at you all at once. There are so many creative ways to build that the heroine truly becomes your own.- The mixture of real-time/turn-based combat is seamless, and cleverly left in your control. I wish I could find more games with this system!- The story is compelling and told beautifully in sound and color (although much of it is open to your own interpretation). The voice-acting and artwork are first-rate.The downside is, the game will leave you wanting more - but in my experience, that is how all good books and films end. We wish there were another chapter."
,Recommended,237930,24425842,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Mr. Darkness,"Transistor.I honestly can't tell which one, Bastion or Transistor were more to my liking. Both have their awesome unique mechanics and stunning music.When you start the game, you don't have a main menu, instead you are put right into the game. This really took my by surprise. I think you'll understand what I mean once you launch the game.So, lets get on with it.The Plot: 10/10Just like in Bastion, you are thrown right into the game without any introduction. Just a gal with a sword-like object which apparently talks. First I had no idea what was talking to me. The further you go into the story, the more is revealed, along with the backstory of Red (the main character, the musician). Soon it appears that 4 villans, the Camerata, those who basically own the city Cloudbank. Not only that, they are mostly scientists who care for the city, but made a mistake, and... well, you'll find out.Gameplay: 9/10Bastion had a right-left-midbutton gameplay, while here you get abilities that you use. Not only that, it is also followed with Turn() feature, a planning feature that allows you to stop time and make actions like walking and using abilities for the price of Turn() potential (lets call it that). For instance, a Breach() ability (your very first ability you have access to) uses 20 Turn().Not only that, you get some introduction to different characters who these abilities belonged to. For example, Red's ability is Breach(), an ability that stuns the target and makes it more vulnerable for 1.6 secs. Another one was a racer, when you used the transistor to ""absorb"" his essence, you retrieved an ability that allows you to blink. Furthermore, you can read info on these abilities that reveal about the character.Each ability can also be used as a passive or an upgrade to a different abilities. They can be swapped at any time when you get to an access point.And of course, remember the Shrine in Bastion? Here you have so called ""Limiters"", they work exactly the same as those things in the Shrine, except they also reveal info on the ""Process"" if used.Music: 10/10I won't comment on this. No point.Visuals: 10/10Seriously, the visuals are just amazing. Some may complain tho, that they don't like cyberpunk stuff, but to me, the art in this is majestic. The lights, the sketches, everything deserves a 10 in my opinion.Duration: 7/10Sadly, its rather short, but if you play with limiters you may get a longer enjoyment from this. That's exactly what I did with Bastion. Yet Transistor is still shorter than Bastion. I really wish it either had a continuation or just a longer gameplay. That may ruin the plot however.Replayable? Yes, definitely. Its worth replaying. Unlike Bastion, you don't have to grind here to get levels (because you can't, lol).Overall:I really want to give it 10/10, but I can't. I honestly just can't. I want it to be a bit longer, I want to get more enjoyment, maybe have a reality where Process comes from, where I can destroy its core, where I can have some sort of a choice like in Half-Life at the very end, or... I don't know. I just feel the urge for this to be longer.So any way.9/10, I can't wait for Supergiant games to release a new game. Maybe soon, maybe later, maybe next year (I actually heard they are working on a new game to be released in 2017).TL;DR Transistor is awesome, has great music, gameplay mechanics and great plot. If you feel like you need a game that would allow you to relax and feel some enjoyment, then this is it. I am a Dota 2 player myself, and nothing relaxed me more than Bastion and Transistor (especially transistor, tbh). Go buy it."
76561198027388146,Recommended,237930,10260196,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,TheAppetizer,"Transistor is a great action RPG with strategy components.  The combat is highly variable due to the customizable moveset; each ""function"" can be equipped as an action, a modification of another action, or a passive bonus.  The system allows for many playstyles and strategies which are fun to experiment with.  You can also pause time and queue actions to be executed rapidly, the tradeoff being that most moves will be rendered unusable for several seconds.The story here is largely told by a character who offers commentary in real time as opposed to in Bastion where a narrator is recounting the story.  Large parts of the plot are intentionally left open to interpretation, perhaps too much so, but it's a smart, multi-layered story that leaves you with lots to think about and at least a few pulled heart strings.The amazing soundtrack is by Darren Korb who did Bastion's soundtrack so that is another huge plus.  And lastly, there's a dedicated button for humming so there's really no legitimate excuse not to play."
76561197976873583,Recommended,237930,11550876,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,DeRazo,"Ive always stuck to fps games like tf2, cs, etcAs always, i read the reviews before purchasing and they were most defenitley +I purchased it on sale, took a hit, spaced out, started playing...Amazing game! Reminds me of Diablo III and a tron world combined xDLove it!"
,Recommended,237930,11534821,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,DelusionalWolf,did they fix the lag issue? i had thought it was my computer but they said it wasnt
76561197970291212,Recommended,237930,11537712,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Psychohead,"First, I'll do the quick one: If you liked Bastion, just buy this and go. The story and music may not beasgood, but the art and gameplay areeven bettersomehow. Go go go.For everyone else: Transistor is an absolute blast. The mix-and-match nature of the combat system leads to all sorts of fun experimentation. The semi-turn-based nature is also unlike anything I've never played before, and that alone makes this game worth trying out. It takes a bit for things to really open up, as you have very few powers for the opening bits of the game. But once you've got a sizable arsenal, this game shines like a diamond.The setting and story are delightfully unusual, but immediately familiar to anyone who enjoyed Tron or Reboot. Supergiant still knows how to make a wonderful soundtrack, and Logan Cunningham is a welcome return as the voice of the eponymous Transistor.So what's not so great? The back quarter of the game does drag a little bit, and if you want more info on the world than what the story offers you, prepare to do an awful lot of reading of people's bios in menus. And while the general storyline and ending are fine, they do leave a lot up to guesswork and interpretation. That's not to say it's too complex, just that I was left wanting to know a bit more.Twenty bucks may be a bit high for some, as the game can be beaten in a few sittings. On the other hand, it also means the game is very tight. There's little wasted space, and there is a ""new game+"" feature if you're just not done once you're done. I highly, highly recommend this game to just about anyone, even if action games aren't normally you're thing. The combat is very adjustable to be as forgiving or brutally punishing as you like, and the turn system often makes it as much about thinking through a problem as about running around like a maniac."
,Recommended,237930,11525267,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Sneaky Dim,An oldschool masterpiece of modern age. Visuals and SOUND are great as the plot of the game.
76561198008628406,Recommended,237930,11576697,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Not G-Man,The game had a beautfiul setup with excellent music and story and the combat gives many possibilities to try out.
,Recommended,237930,10457814,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Shorkk,"Ok this will be hard to explain to anyone who hasnt played Bastion, the game previously produced by the same developers (Which i highly recommend you play after this, or before - My preference). But to someone who does not know this genre or at least the playstyle, the best way to describe it would be: an Action RPG, with puzzle solving elements. Fast paced real time fighting, with some turn based elements. until you play it you wont understand. But there is an ability similar to Fallout 3's slowmo shooting. The gameplay is fluid, challenging and extreemely rewarding. I encountered VERY few bugs and problems throughout the game and sense an extreme amount of replayability.As for the Story. Wow. Don't worry about trying to understand the story at first it unravels itself beautifully. There were, for me, big ""aahhhh"" moments of realisation and understanding. It wants you to find out everything about the Process, which is your adversary in this game. I wont say much more about it, but it is very cleverly implemented and can be quite difficult to work it out. But theres lots of backstory and Lore for those who love to read and immerse yourself.For me this gets:Gameplay: 8/10 fast, fluid, incredible amount of combat combinations and solutions to fights. but it seemed some were just comepletely unusable. But this is only with 2 playthroughs and still i havent used every combination.Story: 9/10 its intriguing and really makes you want to know more. May not have the best Depth but its solid and they give you enough of a story, and dont drown you in one.Graphics 10/10 : Oh my word this game is beautiful, it has the most fantastic and intricate artwork ive seen in this century. Truly a masterpeice and trumps all AAA titles in terms of beauty. Also with the ability to run on probably any hardware at a good level means its open to all kinds of audience.PLAY THIS GAME. Wait for sale or not i dont care, as long as you buy this game and support these amazing developers."
,Recommended,237930,10407654,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,massayoda,"This is easily one of the best games I've played in the past year.  Great art style, amazing soundtrack (which I'm seriously considering buying), and good flow overall.  The mix and match skill system is cool, as is the VATS-like combat system.  My only real complaint is the game does a poor job I think of explaining the combat system.  It doesn't have a huge learning curve, but it takes a little getting used to.Good- Art and animation are gorgeous.- Soundtrack is possibly the best I've heard in any game.- Cool skill system where almost any build is valid and useful.- Combat system is fun once you get the hang of it.Bad- Pretty short (10ish hours)- Vague story that didn't really grab me.- Combat system could be explained better early on.Ugly- Void, Crash, Mask, BACKSTAB!"
76561197981701694,Recommended,237930,10595718,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,UberFubarius,"Pro: Great combat system, awesome sound-track, beautiful world.Con: Story and background is a bit vague."
,Recommended,237930,10548417,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Eg,Your face is a transistor as well as being a transistor.
,Recommended,237930,10546801,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Splash4ttack,"Stunning visuals.Beautiful soundtrack.Outstanding narrator.If you liked Bastion, youll love this. If you didn't like Bastion, you might still love this."
,Recommended,237930,10614751,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Booker,"Excellent game mechanics, which tie into the plot. Unique, bright aesthetic with matching sound design and music.The game is short -- even shorter than Bastion. But it uses its time very well, especially if you take the time to piece together the knowledge given to you through various mechanics."
76561198054193039,Recommended,237930,10594887,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,DreadlockLord,"What more is there to say about this game. Made by the people who did Bastion, so its a beautiful world with an amazing soundtrack."
76561198103963785,Recommended,237930,10772920,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Griffith Did Nothing Wrong,"Definately not a casual game. Had tons of fun playing. The sondtrack is awesome. the Visuals are outstanding. I just overall enjoyed the experience. Even if its a short game, it kept me interested the whole way through. tL;Dr i got to f**k sh*t up with a ram stick. 10/10. the soundtrack is also worth it."
76561198011642764,Recommended,237930,10632080,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Dan Backslide the Former Sneak,Get this game. Just do it.
76561198089498210,Recommended,237930,10702549,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Mynsauce,"I love the game, I have not finished it yet because I've been playing playing other games. The story is actually quite engaging because you start off wanting to know what exactly happens and it explains to you one by one what the actions were. The main character is nothing but a sure shot away from awesome in my eye, she was a singer, but something tragic to her. I have to say my favorite part right now was that stage cut scene at the very begining I really enjoyed listening to the voice. The art style of the game really grabs you attention to people interested in art. Overall the game is really fun I really enjoy playing it, I have to give this a 2 thumbs up no game has really caught my attention like Transistor."
,Recommended,237930,10192177,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Warm Duvet,An amazing RPG that doesn't shove your face in the story. You have to explore and fill in the gaps yourself. Truly a great game with an amazing double layered battle system.
76561197997799387,Recommended,237930,10621018,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,IronMog,Journey meets Bastion with a jazz/funk inspired soundtrack set against some of the best art.  I personally enjoy this game more than Bastion but your mileage may vary.  :)  Absolutely worth a play through and supporting the studio to encourage more awesome stuff like this.
,Recommended,237930,10201326,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Bowregard,"The first playthrough is over 6 hours. This shouldn't be a discouragement, however. The game fills those with beautiful audio and visual elements like it's predecessor, Bastion. $20 may not seem like it's worth such a short amount of time, but in that time you could fill it with perhaps 3 movies for the same price if not more. The mechanics are incredibly fun and flexible, though the UI can be abit clunky. Some combinations of skills may seem perfect, but that perfection is balanced on each person's playstyle and desire to push the level of skill vs fun. An incredibly good game, all in all."
,Recommended,237930,10691624,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,NotRealButter,"Absolutely great, though I'm not 100% on the replay value."
,Recommended,237930,10225236,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,chloe,"Coming from everybody who brought us Bastion, it's an understatement to say that Transistor had a lot to live up to. Well holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ you guys, it lives up to it. The audio and visuals are stunning, the story is entrancing, and the gameplay guarantees ever-evolving combat that's never boring. At $20, you don't need to wait for a sale to get your money's worth."
76561198043817080,Recommended,237930,10850290,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Gryhm,Such a huge improvement on Bastion and I loved bastion. So sleak and inventive. Worth a purchase.
,Recommended,237930,10518006,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,dogComplex_,"The lady was all like ""laladeda"" but then the mafia was like nahhh so robots were like ""beep beep"" and now you gotta use your swoooord.Great soundtrack too."
,Recommended,237930,10543380,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,CShepard,"Great soundtrack, incredibly deep customization of moves, and made by one the best indie companies out there, there is no reason to pass this gem."
76561198100206332,Recommended,237930,10547317,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Le Requin Rouge,"Excellent dialogue, decent combat system... Incredibly easy on the eyes. Definitely worth the pickup."
,Recommended,237930,10200392,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Alizarin Crimson,This game is good.I haven't finished it.5/5
,Recommended,237930,10238257,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Grubby Flog,"Excellent game.If you enjoyed Bastion and its distinct OST written by Darren Korb you should love this. Combat is solid and rewarding once you have most of the abilities. It does lack in content such as enemy types and actual combat but there is a NG+ mode which offers harder enemies and random amounts of them. I rather enjoyed the story, I just wish there was MORE of it. It leaves the player to fill in the gaps themselves, not unlike Dark Souls but a little more forward.I was a huge fan of bastion and had the biggest hardon for its OST so I am extremely biased but yeah it felt like money well spent.10/10 will listen to soundtrack on repeat for years to come.Oh im sorry were you looking for an unbiased review? Go look at some ""game journalists"" and their reviews. Im sure you'll find unbiased reviews there."
,Recommended,237930,10237657,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,"Cuddles, The Christmas Heavy",It's like taking what was good about Bastion and throwing Tron into it.
,Recommended,237930,10244483,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,DSPumpkins,"This game is beautiful. The first 30 minutes alone are worth the full asking price. If you enjoyed Bastion at all, buy this. Now."
76561197999591774,Recommended,237930,10246678,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,DemonicDan,"This game was a little short, but overall pretty sweet. The story is pretty interesting and the world is amazing."
,Recommended,237930,10211434,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Capt.Sweglord,Function Jazz(in_my_pants)10/10 would jazz again
,Recommended,237930,10233259,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,IcyJalapeno,"This game is amazing!! The Art Style / Graphics is hands down beatuiful. Combat is outstanding with the real-time stand alone, but with the turn-based style mixed with real-time delay is perfect. The special effects of each move, and the combinations of functions is simply truely amazing. The story keep me playing until I finished the 1st playthrough. I wanted to know more:  why this was happening, what exactly happened prior the opening of me removing the sword. The level up system is clean, the choice between: passive slots, ability upgrade slots, memory upgrades are nice, since everyone play style is unique to be able to select the one you want to continue doing what you were doing. I myself did memory upgrades so I combine functions    and abused the Jaunt()+Charm() to my benefit."
,Recommended,237930,10247474,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Tenant,This time a circuit sword whispers into your ear the entire game. It's still a good thing. I SEE THE SPIIIIIIINE OF THE WOOORLD SPARKLE AND SHIIIIINE LIKE THE INSIIIIDE
,Recommended,237930,10216229,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Rvzy,Think Bastion with XCOM combat.- Fantastic Art and Sound 10/10- Gameplay/Combat was fun.- Great story.The comedy wasn't quite as good as in Bastion but overall the story is a lot more serious than Bastion so it's not a big deal.
76561198017976402,Recommended,237930,10211643,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Jemonda,"Wow, like wow, that was really, really good. Just finished now, goes by quicker than you expect, but wow man that was a crazy experience, my best guess? set some good time aside and give it a good run through in one go, and it hits you like a brick. Well done Supergiant!"
,Recommended,237930,10221236,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,PHC-Kuro🐎,"Crazy good. Kinda short, but definitely worth every cent; the music, the gameplay, the art, the story, is all unbelievably amazing. And the battle system makes you feel smart when you do things good..ly. At least for me. :V Also the NG+ is actually NG+ done well, with more changes than merely beefed up enemies."
,Recommended,237930,10226758,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Mito,"MUST GET GAME!You can't go wrong for buying this game. Arts, Music & Story are your things, well Transistor is for you might as well grab Bastion too if you don't have. Both games developed by Supergiant Games small studio. Excellent indie games.- Great awesome soundtracks (GET THE SOUNDTRACKS!)- Story is very good and *won't say more, no spoiler!*- Artworks are just the best.- GAME MECHANIC AND SKILL CUSTOMIZATION IS JUST MIND BLOW!- DEATH / LOST LIFE Mechanic is UNIQUE!Combat situation and skill testing, I never knew these would actually suck me into the game so much time. I didn't realize I actually spend more time finding the best skills and tactic to counter the enemies than rushing through the story with a few deaths."
,Recommended,237930,10203553,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Tyson,"It's beautiful and the skill progression system is amazing.It's real-time action, but with a turn mode that puts you into a planned combat/movement system like XCOM. The soundtrack, artwork, and theme are absolutely stunning-- it's like Deus Ex mixed with the art deco vibe of Bioshock. And from what I've played so far, the story is a badass, Kill Bill-style revenge plot. WITH ROBOTS."
,Recommended,237930,10588881,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,akamoonknight,"Loved it, artsy, good gameplay, not too difficult for my lack of skill to handle, but still deep enough for better people assumedly."
76561198006394098,Recommended,237930,10247331,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Pakse,"Very pretty visuals and presentation and interesting combat.  However I think that Bastion is the better, more cohesive experience.Criticisms:More music.More bosses with their own appropriate theme.More enemy variety."
,Recommended,237930,10237205,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,"""Fake News""","Legit good game, 10/10 music, 9/10 gameplay, 9.5/10 story, 10/10 art style"
76561198137566847,Recommended,237930,10235691,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Kuraaku,Easily one of the greatest games i've ever played. The story line is superb and the gameplay is a refreshing taste in the mouth of action RPGs. So many possibilitys when it comes to battle strategys. It would be simply amazing to see this type of battle style implemented to a type of PvP style. Very impressive :D!
,Recommended,237930,10249085,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,The_Houseplant,"Outstanding. Never expected anything less than a matserpiece from the creators of my all-time favourite Bastion, and this is even more.Transistor is, by far, the best game I played yet (yes, even better than the last Bioshock), but it is more than a game - unbelivable imagery, that got me standing on ingame ""view points"" and just staring. The style, the lighting, the colours!Elaborate combat system, that you can never be bored by, because of numerous ways to execute your foes with new, never seen (at least by me) before ""functions"" upgrade system. The amazing story is supported by breathtaking music created by Darren Korb, who, by the way, is from now on the only person allowed to wear whiskers and still be praised by yours truly.I probably would have gone turbo-gay for Logan Cunningham, the voice of Transistor (also the narrator in Bastion), but, thanks to Ashley Barrett, who voices the main hero and sings the most of the soundtrack, I am still where I was.If in your gaming you seek something more than a timewaster, if you have the craving for sophisticated experiense, if you want to understand what a ""work of art"" is - you get yourself this game, and you play it.Thanks to Supergiant Games, videogames will get recognised as art, just like cinema and theatre."
,Recommended,237930,10213173,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,SpookthingIronic,"A fantastic follow-up toBastion. With a fun, new combat gimmick, this game has more going for it than just its aesthetics."
,Recommended,237930,10422282,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Tamerlane,"Ok, Supergiant games.You got me again. Same with Bastion. The endings are always emotionally provoking. Damn Zulf. Damn Red.The different builds are fun to mess around with. If i have to nitpcik I'd say it's a bit short and I wanted more.It's not Bastion but very few games will be as good as Bastion and Transistor in itself is a worthy addition to SuperGiant's inventory of games.Worth every penny for the music alone."
,Recommended,237930,10652654,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,monkey,"You liked Bastion? You will love Transistor. Graphism, OST, gameplay, everything is just perfect."
,Recommended,237930,10633321,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Ollie,i love absolutely everything about this game and you should too.
76561198022680009,Recommended,237930,10362753,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Blackenout,"This game has remarkable music yet the story isn't as attractive as the one from Bastion. I assume this game is more pointed at the female gender of the gaming industry. A beautiful yet confusing story where you had no real (as a man) connection to the protagonist. Perhaps that is why the story seems less good and not to my taste but the music, the ambience, the entire gameplay is good.If you enjoy turnbased action and good animations with an incredible music addon, then this is it. If you like a chickflick story of a silent woman who is guided by a talkactive narrator in a more rushed way (unfortunately) this is also the game for you.In a sense, if you're a girl this is the ""Bastion"" you want to play.If you're a guy though, I recommend Bastion for its more connected story towards a male protagonist and his efforts.I give this 7/10 because story is important in this game and it is like reading a book that you cannot connect with without the extra X chromoson in my opinion."
76561197991676685,Recommended,237930,10576477,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,OzO,Cool vague story line and the graphics are 10/10.
,Recommended,237930,10574315,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Moose,"You played Bastion. You loved it and can't wait to play Transistor, but hold on. This game is not what you expect it to be. That doesn't mean its a bad game by any means, but this is a completely different experience from what you are expecting. Combat is mostly turn based and the game runs on rails for the most part. The game is also not fully fleshed out. Its obvious they ran out of ideas, time or money because the game doesn't quite set up the story as well as their previous one. You get character biographies from using skills but there is nothing more. The moments you do encounter other characters are brief and you will never get the answers you want about the setting. Where does this take place? What is the process? What were the Camerata's goals? The game teases at an explanation but stops short of actually filling in the blanks. Buy this game on sale and enjoy it for the brief distraction that it is. You will probably enjoy it."
76561198049372508,Recommended,237930,10571026,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Shaman Chef Alex,"♥♥♥♥. Supergiant Games have done it again. A stellar experience. Wonderful soundtrack, intriguing gameplay, superb voice acting. I could truly spin the story of how damn great this game is, but the only way to truly do it justice is by playing it. Get to it."
,Recommended,237930,10183912,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Kobold Miners' Labor Union,"Another great title by Supergiant Games. If you liked Bastion (and who didn't, really?), you should definitely pick up Transistor.The visuals are very similar in style to Bastion's, and the soundtrack is top-notch. Storyline is compelling. Game length is roughly the same as Bastion (6ish hours for a full playthrough), though there's a NG+ option that feels very worth playing. Overall, well worth the money."
,Recommended,237930,10191044,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Yaethe,"Transistor is a beautifully writen and designed world with a soundtrack to match.  The gameplay is fast paced while balanced with the ""turn()"" mechanic allowing you to pause the world and plan out your next set of moves as they play out in a second or two of game time.  There are enough twists and turns in the story and mechanic to keep combat fresh and the backstory is revealed as you mix and match various moves and combos, encoraging experimentation.All in all I highly reccomend it.There are a few cons to be away of however.The first is that as of now the game is a little buggy with the occasional hiccups, but so far I've seen nothing that has caused me to die or loose progress.Another issue is its length.  Your $20 will net you roughly 7 hours for your first play through.  While this is a fair trade in my opinion, you still got more for Basition's $15.This last issue aggrivates me as someone who shares a computer with his partner.  The game offers no support for multiple saves as Bastion did.  Beyond that, there seems to be no option to start the game over from scratch once you've beaten it.  In order to give my partner a chance to play the game I had to uninstall and reinstall the game, permanently destroying my playthough.  I can only view this design as a way to try and force partners to buy the game twice and is an affont to the concept of social gaming for the sake of nickle and diming their customer."
,Recommended,237930,10184051,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Malkiyyah,"So, first review for Transistor:The game is pretty, both to the eyes and the ears. Music is solid (beyond solid, it's ♥♥♥♥ing amazing), the art style is gorgeous (sort of what would happen if you took the cel-shaded style of Bastion and crossed it with Art Deco), and the detail is good, but not overdone or too busy.The gameplay certainly won't be for everyone, but I like it. It's an interesting take on a ""tactical"" style, and the sheer variety of moves and ways to go about doing solving a fight are pretty keen. Lots of abilities to use, and multiple ways to tweak each ability, not to mention passive buffs. All of this while trying to maximize a cap on how much ""boom"" you can wade into a fight with at once.Only problem I have so far: some bugs definitely made it out of their QA department. Hard-crash bugs. This is a bad thing. It's not hitting everyone, and apparently it's better if you play it in Offline Mode on Steam. I'm guessing Supergiant Games is driving for a fix at the moment, because no studio likes handing out game crashes.So, yeah: I definitely recommend it. It's on the shorter side (haven't beat it yet, but I have a feeling), but beautiful, fun, and has a refreshing take on the mechanics of a platformer. Might just wanna wait a few days for the bugs to get squashed."
76561197988326113,Recommended,237930,10187176,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,ARcan!,"Short, Beautiful and Incomprehensible!"
76561198012818742,Recommended,237930,10194936,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Mr.Minteh,"I would say they did an amazing job with Transistor.  I've only played for two hours but am finding it really enjoyable not only in the amazing artwork and the excellent vocal talent of Logan Cunnigham, but also in the world that's been built, all of the small details, the combat system is excellent and the personalization of the combat exceeds what I expected entirely.  Transistor is very smooth in the way it plays, sleek in the way it looks, suave in the way it sounds, and on top of that really emotionally engaging and satisfying to experience."
,Recommended,237930,10203100,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,George Rohac,"A beautifully, written, composed, and designed piece of the medium. The versitle combat, the engaging visuals, and the ability to drill deeper into the story by encouraging the player to switch up their play style are all astounding. Buy this game as soon as you can, you won't regret one bit of it."
,Recommended,237930,10204263,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,heart heart head,"Logan Cunningham came up with the best narration ever executed in gaming. Composed by Darren Korb and starring Ashley Barrett - the soundtrack is amazing. Came for visuals and soundtrack, but honestly, the highly customizable gameplay is a true conviction here. It's gonna take a while until you get hang of it, but it's gonna be totally worth it. Aside from the game itself being short (7-8 hours) this is still a mindblowing experience. You do not want to miss it.Feels like: Bastion, Journey.Plays kinda like: Diablo."
76561198025228160,Recommended,237930,10878217,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,WhiskeyChemist,"Incredible music, stunning visuals, amazing story, and creative playing style. Absolutely love the game!"
,Recommended,237930,10610157,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,skidnight,"Great storyline and combat mechanics. Don't go into it expecting Bastion, it is different and incredible."
,Recommended,237930,10878468,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,💯no good games🐒|WilliamS,fun
,Recommended,237930,10222865,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,AnimAspect,"A paragon of craftsmanship and design. Combat outside of your""turn"" feels intense and hectic, in your turn contemplative and strategic. Skill builds are fun to explore. The story moves without feeling overbearing, but still sets up a beautiful conclusion. It isn't chasing the cinematic experience, it knows how to be fun and engaging while still delivering an emotional expereince. It isn't scared to let you discover and explore what makes it fun. It's the nostalgia of golden age gaming being done the right way."
76561197982389567,Recommended,237930,10909386,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Warden Sheppard,I hae only played this game for about 20 minutes and I love it!  The art style and the music as well as the rpg feel makes it one of my favorite games this year!
,Recommended,237930,10938155,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,HairyDM,Too many feels. Deep♥♥♥♥♥tactical gameplay too. Overall another really solid game from Supergiant
76561198006804460,Recommended,237930,10939112,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Dr Skeletor,"If you loved Bastion, you would be a fool to not play this next project."
,Recommended,237930,10852064,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Coulrophobia,Game about transistors
76561197995099750,Recommended,237930,10900614,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,[VOF] Malkavian,"Supergiant have nailed it again with Transistor- wildly beautiful art style, fantastic soundtrack and a unique twist on turn based/real time gameplay. The plot is a little hazy to begin with, and does leave a lot to interpretation, but the way the characters are fleshed out by a) using them in game (some you meet can be selected as upgrades to the titular weapon) and b) Logan Cunningham's wonderfully understated voiceover is just another feather in the cap of these developers. Whilst the pace wavers a little in the last third, it's a satisfying conclusion to their sophomore effort.If you're a fan of beautifully rendered, atmospheric, intriguing and innovative games, you should pick this up."
,Recommended,237930,10716176,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Ryan7183,This game has both great gameplay and a great story. Every one should play it.
76561198042193412,Recommended,237930,10367531,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Shokkun,"A fine game, indeed. Beautiful world, characters and soundtrack, variety in skills and loadouts, intriguing story (a bit dissappointing ending, if understandable considering that there wasn't anyone left to save if i understood it right) and absolutely addictive combat, which is a good mix of strategy and smash-them-to-bits-before-they-do, if a bit repetitive however. The way they give you the lore is intriguing, literally by trying everything. Not in the same way as Bastion, however, with the commentator talking about everything and anything you interract with (still many things though) but when you experiment with your loadout, you get more info about the inventer of the tried out skill, who is usually in a high cultural position, like a local social butterfly who organizes most of the events in the city, so when you read about the inventer, you are told more about the world at the same time, instead of ""shoveling it into  your brain by force like Bastion,"" as some would say. This, however, leaves the lore a bit vague to those who don't read it with passion great enough, and possibly just a little bit less vague to those too. I'm also not sure about the pricing though, about the same as Bastions would have been more acceptable. Overall, however, it was worth it."
76561197993792768,Recommended,237930,10862485,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Mortinc,"Beautiful graphic, Wonderful Music, Cool Game mechanics"
,Recommended,237930,10882649,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Leo_Kage,I purchased and downloaded this game this morning. During work I listened to the sound track and was amazed how entertained I was while working. Just before lunch I installed the game and thought I would give it a try for a few minutes to see what it was all about.Before I knew what had happened my Cup of Ramen was cold and my half hour lunch was up. I had just spent a half hour immersed in a strangely beautiful world. I really didn’t want to go back to work… Please don’t make me… PLEASE!
,Recommended,237930,10882917,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Mighty No. 16062,Played through 3 times in the first 2 weeks. Addictive and riviting game. Still haven't unlocked the entire story
,Recommended,237930,10455290,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,pop culture reference,"I played this game start to finish in about 4.5 hours, and when I say start to finish, I mean I literally did not get out of my chair. So that tells you two things: this is a short game, but it's also a very good one.The story is... not sparse, but there's a lot of background detail left for you to fill in, kind of like Dark Souls. Bastion was the same way, but this is even more so.The combat is enjoyable; you can go real-time, use the Turn() system to plan out all your attacks (but then be mostly unable to attack while Turn() recharges), or some mixture of both.The music is aces and I highly recommend buying the soundtrack.Overall, if you've played Bastion, this is more of the same, but that's not a bad thing at all."
,Recommended,237930,10192935,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,nago,"Incredibly good, an unbelievably worthy followup to Bastion. Similar to Bastion in terms of incredible narrative quality, thematic tone and overall presentation. Similar difficulty and length, with optional buffs and debuffs available to create additional challenge.Just really quite very good. Worth my $20 without question."
76561198000667469,Recommended,237930,10401505,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Jon Stemos,You could spend hours just fooling around with the spells and years mulling over the story.Music is amazing and the ability to sing whenever you feel like it is wounderfull.Time for playthrough +!
76561198037367102,Recommended,237930,11159806,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,furipo,"This game is amazing! It is challenging, to some extent, set the proposed mood very well and the graphical and sound art can actually be called art. It certainly one of my favorite games.The combat system is awesome! I'd love to see some kind of pvp implemented like this, but certaily i'll be missing this in Transistor. The game is gourgeous! the soundtrack is almost perfect and the voice acting is perfect. It's hard for me to imagine someone not enjoying this game.That said, the game is fairly short (about 10 hours to finish the history the firts time). Also, some particular aspects of enemy design don't please me. On top of this, the user interface at the main menu could be better.Should I give this game a score, would be 4.5 / 5."
76561198035789880,Recommended,237930,11039246,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Aerodynamics,"This game is amazing! As expected from Supergiant Games, the soundtrack and art direction are both stellar. There are two different choices for combat: real-time combat and turn based combat. In the turn based combat you can plan out your moves and execute them at the end of the planning turn. Your moves are called functions and can be implemented as an active, upgrade, or passive. The number of combinations surpasses even Bastion which leads to lots of flexibility to match all kinds of play styles. The story and cutscenes are also great.The game is a little short, it took me about 6 hours to beat. The whole experience was worth it though. You can also recurse through the story after you beat the game and keep all of your old functions. To recurse through the story and get all of the acheivements it took me an additional 12 hours (I liked wasting time testing out function combinations).If you liked Bastion, you will love Transistor. I can't recommend this game enough. Amazing."
,Recommended,237930,11052536,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Tyrantsbane,"Supergiant Games has done it again.Transistor is an amazing experience in line with the developers previous game, Bastion.Story:Absolutely fantastic. You feel attached to the main character immediatly and the constant chatter of the Transistor deepens the experience to a whole new level. It isn't narrate in the vein that Bastion was, but in the fact that Transistor talks to you and makes comments as you go along. My only complaint in this section is that the game was short (about 5 hours). You'll be begging for more.Gameplay:Solid action RPG with a nice twist. The Turn() system is akin to the VATS system from Fallout where you pause time and can move and attack without much repercussion. The downside of this is if you use all of the meter, you have a cooldown where you can't attack and are vulnerable. Combat can be a little tough, as a lot of the enemies can deal some serious damage later on, so you have to be smart about your attacks.  As you level up you get to choose new skills, upgrade exsisting skills, and choose limiters. Limiters are akin to the Gods of Bastion, in which you can toggle them to increase the difficulty of the game.Music:Engrossing and enthralling. It sets such a mood in the game. Some serious talent here from the composer. Way better soundtrack than Bastion, and I thought Bastion was incredible already.Conclusion:While it is short, it is totally worth the admission price. It is a wonderful experience and I am looking forward for more games from the developers."
76561198084138367,Recommended,237930,11923104,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,RDStevenson,"Very good game.  Excellent graphics, story, and music.  Game play is unique with all the possible combinations.  Much fun."
,Recommended,237930,10218686,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Kimphoe,"Super giant games follow up Bastion with another masterpiece, everyone should play this game!"
,Recommended,237930,18052215,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Mucks,Bretty gud except for some reason everyone is gay and black.
76561198162731932,Recommended,237930,17870789,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,shinryaku,"Transistor is a top-down, turn-based adventure game that takes place in a utopian society. The gameplay is very different from Bastion; in this game, all attacks are planned beforehand during each turn. This game is beautiful to look at and holds a beautiful story within.Pros:+From the music, to the voice acting, to the writing, to the art, this game is beautifully executed. I like the gameplay, but this is definitely a game you buy for the music, story and artwork.+The romance in this game felt genuine and believable to me.+The gameplay is entertaining; different ""functions"" (attacks) can be combined in a multitude of combinations, and there are multiple ways to win each battle.+Like Bastion, there is a new game plus mode where you can restart the game at a higher difficulty and continue levelling.+For those who like the battles, there are bonus challenges, similar to Bastion.Cons:-While planning your turn, you can't pan the screen to look at far away enemies. This is a minimal problem, as you can usually see far enough anyways, and you can also simply walk where you want to see and then cancel the move.This game took me ten hours to complete, but my girlfriend completed it in four hours, which I find amazing. I think most people will take at least six if not 7-8 hours.I really loved this game. While they don't have the big budget of a AAA company, Supergiant has managed to craft something that is both more unique and more impressive than most AAA games."
,Recommended,237930,10193268,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,quib,10/10
,Recommended,237930,13777233,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,user 18,"Wholly enjoyed this game. The combat system is new, unique, and a real pleasure. This is without a doubt the best game I have ever played. Everyone needs to experience Transistor for themselves."
,Recommended,237930,12805228,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Gordy the Pirate,"A visually striking piece of storytelling that drives home the point that you can create a fantastic storyline even when your main character is mute.I'm honestly not sure where to start with Transistor, other than to say this is one of those games I'd recommend everyone play before they die. The story is simple to follow while being beautifully mysterious at the same time, easily warranting a second playthrough just to pick up on the things that you overlooked before. Even if you don't care for a backstory though, what's happening in the forefront is more than enough to keep you interested, all the way up to the climactic end.The main characters--Red, the Transistor, and the four Camerata--are all well-designed and, perhaps more importantly, well-developed individuals who each have a personality that will stick with you well after completing the game. They're characters with motives that seem crystal clear in the beginning, but as the story unravels, your entire perspective gets turned on it's head.Red, the protagonist, is a female singer who refuses to let anyone control her, including the player. She may be mute, but she shows that she still has a prominent voice, despite the circumstances. The Transistor, Red's companion, is a cautious, loving individual that wants nothing more than Red's safety. He wants to protect her, but he's unable to in his immobile state. The Camerata, the villains of the game, is an organization that unleashes a malicious ""virus"" on the city known as the Process, slowly wiping out the entire civilization of Cloudbank. Uncovering the true motivations behind each of these characters is an exciting and surprising part of the narrative. It's hard to gush about this game without completely spoiling my favorite parts, so I'll stop my speech there.Besides the story, there are a few final things that really sold me on this game. First of all, the art direction of Transistor is absolutely stunning. Many times while playing I found myself doubling back just to appreciate the vistas a little longer. Honestly, I wish they'd release an art book, because I'd buy that in a heartbeat. On top of that, if you're familiar at all with Supergiant or Darren Korb, then you know how incredible this game's music will be. This soundtrack, along with the one from Bastion (Supergiant's previous game), are must-buys.Finally, if all of that isn't enough to convince you, the game has Logan Cunningham. And you can never go wrong there."
,Recommended,237930,10359684,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Phy,"Wonderfuly made game, the combat is very fluid, the story is fantastic and the artstyle is phenemonal.If you have twenty dollars and 5-6 hours, this is a great choice."
,Recommended,237930,12286662,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Picklerudius,"""See you in the country."" It has a nice ring to it. Transistor takes you away from the regular hustle of your normal life and puts you in a situation where you question your daily existence, all the while making you rush through strategically deafeating 10+ more enemies on the screen.A must have for people looking not only for entertainment, but also for meaning in a game."
,Recommended,237930,10351070,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Hagu,Game of the year 2014.
76561198055866053,Recommended,237930,17545267,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Sherlie,"Beautiful game, immersive dialogue, marvelous story and a jaw dropping sound track. Easily one of the best games I have ever played in my life."
76561198080007249,Recommended,237930,13725398,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Antelopeman,"This game was so much fun. I'll make it short: environment is beautiful, soundtrack is superb, story is great. There really aren't any tutorials and it is not clear what is going on at first, which just makes it all the more intriguing.  The combat system is ""turn based,"" so to speak, and while that may be a turn off, chaining together combos with a variety of functions is quite enjoyable. There are about 12 hours of gameplay, and more achievements can be had via a second playthrough, however there is not much else in terms of replayability. Still, those dozen hours make for a daggone good time."
76561198072750245,Recommended,237930,10967772,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,sasurawo,"At first i was a little hesitant since i purchased it after reading a review....lately you cant trust most reviewers. I would be lying if i didnt say i love this game. Began playing it today and the combination of ABS and Shifting your atacks into paterns makes it nothing short of entertaining as well as the fact that you can power up the enemies to increase exp and the challenge. The cyber punk noir look of it is interesting and the plot so far is nothing short of interesting and odd. Soon as i finish it ill Post a full comment. Would definately suggest it especially if you like rogue games such as baulders gate and diablo,  but expect little mercy as you play this and learn what does what whithin the game."
,Recommended,237930,13960936,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Frank,"Beautiful game. Great soundtrack, awesome system of skills creation. Love it."
,Recommended,237930,11057032,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Hotman911,Played through it twice in one sitting if that doesnt show how good this game is i dont know what will. (i dont finish games ofter)
76561198084604939,Recommended,237930,21542232,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,NUn BUM soft like BABY,"I really love this game, the story was intrguing, the atmospere and art was amazing, and i found the combot to be very innovative, and thanks to the limiters and enemies that get more and more difficult, the gameplay stayed diverse and it really felt like my actions mattered. All that being said, i felt that the story was a bit short, and the character development was a bit lacking. i also would have liked a little more info about the world, because i feel that the short story would have been ok if i at least had lore to keep me entertained. Also, i just wish that there where more agency tests/battles agains other enemies with turn. That was hands down my favorite thing about the game, but i just wish there was more. However, i still find the game to be incredebly enjoyable, despite this, and if you are only going to do an incursion or 2, i think that all of these things can be overlooked. Great game overall, love the soundtrack, and im looking foreward to more games like this!"
,Recommended,237930,13738773,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,mdaw2,"Transistor is beautiful, immersive, has loads of nice features, combat is interesting and I have a faint feeling of dread constantly when playing. Recommended."
,Recommended,237930,23618019,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Adamantame,Super Giant Games have outdoned themselves again.  The studio has equipped Transistor with their trademarked narrator and another amazing combat style.
,Recommended,237930,19383114,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,dood,Get this one.
,Recommended,237930,11193823,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,[ZSU] ±Knifey12,"What a beautiful game. The man tears were real at the ending.Let's see... we got:- An awesome narrator and storyline- Enhancing, vibrant and gorgeous artwork- A musical soundtrack that outdoes itself.Money's worth. Two words: Get it....You will be amazed.""When everything changes, nothing changes."""
,Recommended,237930,27558088,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,CapitanCJ,"This game grbs you with it's artwork and they story grabs you and doesn't let go. The gameplay is challenging, well developed, and quite entertaining. Hands down the best part is the soundtrack which moved me on a deeply emotional level."
,Recommended,237930,10222743,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Abrasive Beans,"What i want to say has already said before except, ONLY 2% OF THE REVIEWS ARE NEGATIVE! Also, the game is amazing."
76561198004541007,Recommended,237930,11534996,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,SEF -=|C.P.O.K.W.D.W.H.|=-,"Excellent game, story and gameplay are strong.  Supergiant games did not disappoint at all.  I liked this soundtrack even better than Bastion."
,Recommended,237930,13772071,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Curdle_Sanders,"Fantasic cyber jazz noir Turn based combat game! No really this game is cool. The art design is slick and the combat was great. I thought the game was alittle short but there is a new game plus mode which I've started. I really didn't like Bastion and thought it was overrated, but really like this game. You need to check this one out."
,Recommended,237930,13458224,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,BlueFalc0nPunch,"A great action/turn-based strategy with some of the best tunes I've heard in gaming up to this point.  The game is short and sweet at around 5.5 hours for me.  The story's plot through philosophical, existentialist undertones are unfolded at a reasonable pace and the there is certainly room for replayability.  Don't skip out on this one."
,Recommended,237930,10928951,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,CELTiC,"Best purchase I've made this year, SuperGiant have out done themselves, Darren Korb, Logan Cunningham, Jen Zee, you three please never stop doing what you do. ever. An 11/10 must-buy game"
,Recommended,237930,19095331,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Smelly Idiot,Amazing game.
,Recommended,237930,10997561,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,PING PONG PIANG,"This game is BRILLIANT! Amazing art, awesome sound, solid gameplay and an interesting storyline to boot. Well worth the money."
,Recommended,237930,29165432,Posted: 10 January,all,Karina,"I've never heard of the Supergiant Games studio before, nor about any of their games, so a recommendation I've heard from my friend about Transistor was completely new to me. Not knowing anything at all about the game, buying it on its next sale was a bit of a risk, but one I'm very glad I made. Admittedly, I didn't think much of this little gem at first - played it for a few hours, got bored, and left it for many months - but revisiting and completing it again recently made me love it, and compelled me to write this review.Great things:- Beautiful art style. Very colourful, detailed and full of light, that never gets obnoxious at any point. It creates a strangely warm, inviting atmosphere to the world despite the rather grim events going on in the story.- One of the best soundtracks I've heard in a game, I want to find all of those songs to listen to in my own time (any help with that is appreciated).- Lovely protagonist, despite not having a voice Red is nonetheless a fascinating, strong character that gets very well developed over the short course of the game and whom you can really grow to resonate with and root for.- Engaging, well paced, mature storytelling, helped by your sword boyfriend's brilliant narrating skills.- Some unique mechanics - such as the Limiters, which handicap your combat in some way for a nice amount of bonus experience, and every ""Function"", the in game combat skills, having all sorts of active, upgrading and passive effects, allowing for loads of customization in your fights.- Red can hum to the melody of whatever song is currently playing, which is a very minor thing but one I found very amusing and I often idled in the game just doing that.- Luna.Good things:- Combat isn't entirely groundbreaking, but it's fun, the ""functions"" are diverse and great to play with, and has lots of strategy element to it - utilizing the turns as much as possible to create different combos tends to get you a lot farther than just bashing the Process over the heads with one skill over and over. It mixes turn based with fast paced combat and pulls it off, what is very nice to see and work with.- Nicely done character development of most introduced characters, including the main villains and the Camerata, despite the limited actual time dedicated to it.- Achievements aren't hard to get, the backdoor room challenges can get pretty tough when you progress through their stages but all of them are solveable with a bit of focused thinking. It's also great that besides achievements, those challenges give you a good bit of ingame experience, which you can't increase with limiters from what I observed but is very helpful either way. I recommend doing all of them at some point in every playthrough, if not for the boons then at least just to unlock more brilliant songs to idle around with.- Completion of the game's main story allows you to start a recursion playthrough, revisiting all of it with stronger enemies while retaining your level and all your functions, which is great.Cons (everything has some, I guess)- If you're interested in the deeper backstory of the game's main characters, the decryption system that unlocks bits of it is confusing and weird to get used to. You only get access to it by unlocking different combinations of functions, which takes a long time and doesn't feel worth it for ultimately just bits of reading.- Very linear and short. You do get your time to explore Cloudbank and other bits of the world, but your sword boyfriend pushes you through a solid set path that could really do with being longer.- Spoilerish, a more personal bit of input:While the ending was shocking and bittersweet, definitely meaning to provoke feelings, I feel that it could have had a much greater impact if you got to find something out about who your sword boyfriend is and why you should care about him. Unfortunately, no such thing ever happens in the game at all, you don't even get to find out his name, what is in my opinion slightly disappointing - sure, I know he loves Red and deeply cares about her, but who exactly is he? What is his background, what was he doing before he died? Were he and Red in love before the events of the game, or have they fallen for each other after what they've gone through together when he became a sword? It leaves too much unanswered for me.Overall, this game proves that games can be a gorgeous work of art as well as an interactive medium of fun, and I couldn't recommend it more to anyone looking to play through an adventure like no other. I will make sure to give Bastion a go one day and see if I enjoy it as much as this."
,Recommended,237930,11547348,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Mad Larkin,"Absolutely beautiful game. Amazing music, incredible graphics, gripping story, and interesting combat all combine to make one hell of a game.9/10 - I will always find you..."
,Recommended,237930,14280073,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,RolanD,"Шикарная игра! Великолепная графика, захватывающий сюжет, а главное - геймплей. Можно создать комбинацию скиллов под свой стиль игры!"
,Recommended,237930,20200113,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,CrystalDave,Beautiful and fun and moving and sad. A worthy follow-up to Bastion.
,Recommended,237930,20199541,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,stoicmariana,"Amazing gameplay, amazing graphics.Story: 10/10 - Story is amazing.Music: 10/10One of favorites for sure."
,Recommended,237930,11002326,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Skullriot,"This game is amazing. The level design and graphic style play very well with the game mechanics, and the sound is superb. The sound track is excellent, and fits with the ambiance of the game extremely well. All in all, this game leaves no part behind. My only wish is that it were longer, however at about 6 hours, you will thoughouly enjoy every minute of it. The battle system is pretty well thought out, with a sort of turn/live action mix that plays really well. My one issue is the ability equip screen does not show your current loadout, and so if you forget what you have loaded, you either need to exit the menu or unequip something to see the slots.Overall, 10/10"
,Recommended,237930,30284734,Posted: 2 March,all,Da Killah Genius,"Another Short RPGvery playable, comfortably challenging (no matter how many times you die, you'll come back for more), beautiful stage designs, upgrade system is superve, great music, bonus stages, boss fights are crazy.10 outta 10 #Classic"
,Recommended,237930,10237481,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Mexican't,"This game. This... game. I've pre-purchased and played it. Ho-ly crap. It's just this... Nice rollercoaster of action.... It just... Wow.. I've played Bastion and when I saw this game I thought it was going to have similarities. I was almost right. The only diffirence is your abilities and the combat story. These people once again... I could see all that effort that was put into this. Good job, Supergiant Games. If I were to have a better computer or just play it on my friend's computer, it would be a bit easier, but hell, BUY THIS GAME!!! If you like hacking 'n slashing, buy this game. If you like to use strategy, buy this game. If you like story driven games, buy this! Worth it I tell yah, worth it! I would make this on a possibly top ten great games of 2014 list. Even if it's difficult and has it's difficulty turns, it's not that much of a curve. 10/10 I'm going to keep playing this. Thanks a lot Supergiant!"
,Recommended,237930,20671176,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,The Scarlet Rose,"I admit it, At first, I bought this game because it was cheap and with high value cards, but I found my way to love this game.It has an excellent soundtrack, an incredibly fun battle system and a very tricky story. Plus, Red it's a cutie :p2cube:I recommend this game for those long and boring afternoons, and believe me, you would love this game"
76561198070548503,Recommended,237930,10212486,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Shadynasty,"If you have ears do them a favor. The soundtrack to this game is amazing and I found my self stopping just to listen. This game reminds of a piece of art, and I wish I could have the talent of the people at supergiant games."
,Recommended,237930,11522067,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,unicornofdoom,"It's a beautiful game, the combat is a bit hard to get used to at first, though after a while you get used to it."
,Recommended,237930,11502724,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,sivis,I would recommend anyone who loved Bastion to buy this one. You will not be disappointed.
,Recommended,237930,10228896,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Koya Dusk,"By the creators of Bastion, an even more beautiful world with even deeper and darker plot... And amazing music.Buy this game, and play it. Wait for humble bundle if you're a cheap♥♥♥♥♥ but go and do it. This game rocks."
,Recommended,237930,10184649,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Chu52,"The world building and quick action of Bastion, paired with the tactics of X-Com, with custimization out the whazoo. I cannot reccomend this enough."
,Recommended,237930,10215243,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Poison,"Another good game from Bastion creators Supergiant. Not without flaws though, and not up to the high bar the group set previously with Bastion. Combat is weighted too heavily on use of Turn() movements, and it is straight up impossible to beat the game in only real time combat, unlike what Supergiant said during events like PAX. The game is far more linear than it should be, with almost no splitting off. Additionally, you are given a lot of customization with how you use your skills, but it will always boil down to what does the most burst damage at the time, since you can only effectively fight in Turn(). As such, it has very little replayability, since there is not going to be any variance in order of area completion or how you play the game, unlike Bastion. Lastly, enemies to far, far too much damage, the other reason open combat outside of Turn() isn't feasible. After the halfway point of game, most enemies will take well over half your HP in one attack or combo, and the AI is exceptionally aggressive and tracks movement during thier shots.Despite all this negatively, the game is still good. Art style is great, story is unusual but interesting, music is solid (though personally find it inferior to Bastion's western styling) and gameplay is mostly enjoyable. It may not be exceptional, but it's still above the average of most AAA releases these days."
76561198032532474,Recommended,237930,11081192,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Robot Panda,"Transistor is a game about a girl and her sword against an all consuming enemy controlled by a shadow group with less than altruistic intentions. At first glance the combat system may seem simple with a Diablo like feel to it, that is until you begin to use the Turn() system making everything much more strategic giving you the ability to freeze time and carefully plan out your next move. While there are no talents or many lateral upgrades to choose from the game does have this intriguing upgrade system where you use one ability to augment another making it so you can tailor your ability set to best match your play style, or to better counter certain enemy types of which there are many. Logan Cunningham (Bastion) narrates the story from the point of view of the Transistor. What’s really nice is that they don’t try to hold your hand throughout the game, spoon feeding you the plot. No, instead the story unravels naturally letting you discover the plot for yourself which I really appreciated. All of this as well as a uniquely beautiful art style and an amazing soundtrack that is becoming a staple of these dev’s, Transistor makes for an excellent sophomore entry from developer Supergiant Games."
,Recommended,237930,10930660,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,grindmuffin,"Short but oh so sweet. This game had a riveting story that just kept pulling me in. It had enough extra stuff to give it replay value and was definitely worth the buy. The game was made by the same people who made Bastion, so if you like that shiz, get this. It's all stratigetical and stuff with rouge like aspects to it.Pros- Story, voice actors, gameplay.cons- too short. leaves you wanting more."
,Recommended,237930,11125058,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Princess Kay,A yandere causes the apocalypse.10/10
76561198117869672,Recommended,237930,26864168,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Netervir,"Great soundtrack, great story, great graphics and vibe. If you didn't buy it yet - you should"
76561198101351275,Recommended,237930,11493658,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,AnointedCrow,"Great game. Combat is fun and engaging, The world is beautifully designed and the soundtrack is unique and refreshing."
76561198050498467,Recommended,237930,16403764,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Raziel,"I've only played about an hour now, but this is a true gem. Like Bastion, the narrative is seamlessly woven into your interaction with the world; it really seems to be the talent of this developer. The atmosphere is very captivating, and although it is not a difficult game (yet), it constantly keeps me engaged."
76561198040669155,Recommended,237930,14409049,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Helluvee,"Overall: 6/10I must say that this is not my usual kind of game and I confess I bought it just because it was on sale and ""looked nice"", in the end though I'm quite happy with it.In a nutshell: you get to play a redhead rockstar, inside some sort of virtual reality, defeating ""monsters"" with an upgradeable sword while enjoying a nice scenary and listening to a good soundtrack.PROS+ Artsy graphics, a pleasure to look at.+ Relaxing and soothing original soundtrack.+ Some innovative ideas (combat system, character level up) that deserve being implemented and tried out in more meanigful games.CONS- The storyline is too obscure to be fully enjoyed- The game is very short (took me 10 hours or so, but that's because I'm clumsy, I figure 4-5 hours is what it would really take)- No real replayability (platform structure, very similar levels, pretty much on rails) unless you really want to understand what is going on."
,Recommended,237930,10215595,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Uniwolfacorn,"This is honestly one of the best games I have played in a very long time (Since Bastion). I think the problem that most people are seeing is that they wanted a Bastion 2, instead they got a completly diffrent game. The gameplay is fun to learn and use well, as if you make a mistake you're punished for it. Darren Korb has outdone himself, and Ashley Barrett has the voice of a goddess. Another problem people see is that you have to find the story for yourself. You can't just walk through everything and have the story layed out for you, you have to try new weapons and combinations, you have to search every alley, and even if it's only for a little remark made by the Transistor, it helps bring the world together. I can see how the game isn't for everyone, some people don't want to explore just for tiny remarks, or read about how the Antagonists chose certan people to make ""disappear"" and why those people were chosen. This game isn't a new Bastion, not by a longshot. Once you realize and accept that then the game really shows it's true colors. I would reccomend this game to almost everyone, but explain what kind of game it is.TL;DR: The music is a treat. The gameplay is a treat. The art is a treat. Anyone with half a brain would give this game a try."
76561198090775747,Recommended,237930,20136943,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Akiosjo,"TL;DR: Transistor is a good game, and it will make you feel good.Transistor is a narrative-driven turn-based game that always seemed to be reminding me of the Tron universe. It's in the middle of an apocalypse, yet it has an eerie peacefulness about it. As you go about the world and destroy the monsters that are transforming the world, you can't help but take a step back and listen to the protaganist Red hum along to the background music, or look out over a pier for a few seconds and think about the history of a town you never knew.Something about this game calms you down. All of the mechanics seem to cater to a casual playstyle, although some moments can be very intense. Even the fast and reflexive combat system seems to be designed to make you breathe. You can take as much time as you want to plan out your moves, take a breather, take a break from the loud fighting music and explosions that are happening around you. It's calming.Of course, there's the narrator. The more I play games with great narrators like The Stanley Parable or Bastion (the latter of which was the same creator of Transistor). The narrator of Transistor is more personal than the two, though. It addresses the character, not the player. You are simply an observer to this story, and the narrator is unaware of your existence. This game is between Red and her love. You are granted the gift of watching. It's very touching and emotional at some points to realize that this story has to end somehow, and the few moments where the narrator leaves you feel so void and wrong. I'm not really sure what to say about the narration in this game, other than it's not really narration at all. There's just only one character with dialogue.As I said, everything in this game seems to be designed to make you feel calm and content. As evil and chaotic as some parts of this game are, all of it makes you feel reflective, nostalgiac almost. It's a good feeling. This game will make you feel good. It's a pity that I can't think of eloquent enough words to describe this game. Maybe it's because there's a woman screaming nonsense in the other room and I can't process thoughts (sorry if parts of this review don't make sense, but I honestly can't hear myself think), but I think mostly it's because when you find something that is truly beautiful, it doesn't take well to words, and although I wouldn't say this game is pure beauty and art, it is beautiful, and it is deliberate in its design. That's all I ask from a game."
,Recommended,237930,10191299,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Squses,"The start is a bit too fastThe game is a bit shortThe menu is a bit fiddlyI had some stuttering issuesOtherwiseThe gameplay is fantastic way better than i could have hoped for, way more complex, intresting and fluid than bastion.The sound is great altough not quite as exciting as bastions.The art is fantastic, the effects the world and everything.The world is fantastic, more fleshed out than bastions, i want to go back and take a closer look.I played with a controller which works fine."
,Recommended,237930,10211219,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Valkyrie,"This game is beautiful. The visuals are so breath taking you want to screenshot the entire game. The story line is intriguing and is build in a similar fashion to Bastion. That is, as you go along you understand more and more until things begin to click. There did seem to be a lack of tutorial however, it makes you engaged to figure out things on your own. You discover what items and abilitys do, and how you get them, each with a unique story, ultimately adding to your discovery of the story line. The gameplay is increadibly unique and fluid, with a fair amount of stratagy laid in to it. The shear number of ability combinations is stagering, with each ability having a attack, amplifier, or passive trait depending on where it is socketed.I would recommend this game, whether it is for the unique combat, amazing visuals, or intriguing story. 10/10"
,Recommended,237930,13876696,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Dat Cape❤,You can hum.10/10
76561198019144711,Recommended,237930,13887051,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Hocus_Pocus,"If you loved Bastion, you will love this too.The music is really good. The art is fantastic. The plot and characters makes you want to know more about them. Gosh, what an amazing game this is.Short but really good.10/10"
76561198024826675,Recommended,237930,12936407,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Dark Josh NZ,Would love another game like this!
,Recommended,237930,10293998,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,scrypt,"Rather than repost my entire review from Cheerful Ghost, I'll just link itHERE.The TL/DR version: It's sci-fi action with RPG elements in a lush environment, contrasting desolation with electric life. A thinker, a doer, a sad state of affairs, and the entire mystery is accompanied by a brilliant, flowing soundscape. I can't recommend it enough."
76561198004007208,Recommended,237930,11501817,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Burlybastard,"I really enjoyed this game. It is absolutely worth the >20 dollars. It raised all of my expectations but unfortantely could not follow through in the end.Music: Will get stuck in your head, And it will find a place in your libaryGameplay: I really enjoyed the mixxing and combos with your skills. It seems similar to bastion the intent is you will play well beyond once.Story: I was hooked. The role reverse was awesome, Strong stoic Redhead, and a Unhinged chatty sword. Their relationship was   felt. But.. the game was on a steady path of amaze face till late mid point. Then it felt rushed. worse... it felt rushed into complex corner and it felt like the writers just commited seppuku by the very end.Start: Loved itMiddle: Blow me AwayEnd : Deflated"
,Recommended,237930,11511194,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,GreenChoc,"Not quite done yet, but this game stole my heart in the first 5 minutes. It's just beautiful and atmospheric and smooth and.. perfect. For me, the fights are challenging but never seem unfair (I play with a gamepad). But the story is what makes this game so much fun, especially with all the hidden stuff and small remarks here and there.I also really like that you can change your attacks pretty much all the time. Depending on how you mix the attacks you get, you get lots of new combo attacks and defense skills. You never have to live with that one skill you invested in, you can change it depending on the situation (and sometimes you probably have to).Highly recommended."
,Recommended,237930,11530155,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,im 12 btw,its beautiful. its good mang. unf
76561198100873878,Recommended,237930,11530327,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,zachtothefuture2,"A visual and auditory masterpiece, and the gameplay was challenging the second time around"
,Recommended,237930,11537261,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Saphyr,"Personal Evaluation: My favorite ""Za Warudo"" power fantasy since F.E.A.R., SUPERHOT, and SSBB.The Objective: This third-person game is a mix of real-time and turn-based tactical action using a move selection and modification system that allows for many different play styles.  Functions, which can function as moves, mods, or passive buffs to the player, are aqcuired in the first story run and by leveling.  Applying these requires ""memory"", which you can also eventually expand by leveling.  Functions vary in utility from mobility to buffs and debuffs to damaging attacks and have various tactical effects depending on how they are applied.Executing moves outside of Turn(), the time-stopped mode where enemies are frozen to allow you to plan out a set of attacks, can be time-consuming in comparison to the Turn()-based execution unless the appropriate mod is applied.  In Turn(), your planning potential is aided by a flexible and calculated system where you can erase your moves to select a different one and see how much damage your actions are expected to incur on the enemy (emphasis on ""expected"", as some enemies can turn or teleport from backstab attempts that amplify damage).Similar to its predecessor, Bastion, the game features isometric elements, a ""sandbox"" where you can enter challenge doors or listen to the game's soundtrack (unlocked by completing challenges), and ""recursive"" gameplay (i.e. a New Game+ mode).  Unlike its predecessor, Transistor employs a death machanic that raises stakes without immediately ending a run.  Losing your entire health bar will disable one of your active functions (and, while not disabling them too, uninstall any mods applied to it), reducing tactical options for the round.  The function is recovered after getting through an additional round of enemies once your current round is resolved, and in the meantime, you are able to equip a new function in place of what was lost.  Losing all functions in a single round, while I have not experienced it, presumably results in necessarily restarting the round.  Retrying a round is also possible from the menu screen upon pressing Esc or your controller equivalent.The Subjective: I enjoy the mix of thinking on my feet to reach my Turn() with minimal health loss and planning out insane combos of moves in time-stop.  While it didn't happen often in the main story, losing functions got me to improvise, engaging me further in strategy and tactical consideration.  It is in the New Game+ Performance challenges that this need to improvise and find ways to reach Turn() without dying is magnified, as you gradually get access to functions and memory from a significant limitation, but losing them results in their complete disappearance; I found this challenge mode in particular to be the most difficult, but also the most informative with regards to how the functions can operate together.While you may desire to stick to some basic combinations, the game's challenge modes will present you with a variety of possible movesets that will work to great effect.  For me, it was a thrill to home in on my own hand-crafted deadly set of fuctions for the really stubborn enemies, but, even if I were to lose all but one of them, I still know several other options that will fit into place once I reach an access point to apply new functions.The story is pretty damn melancholic in its overall scope.  The destruction of the city at the hands of the enemy you encounter is not unlike what you see in Bastion, except that instead of the world having fallen apart, it is being remade to an unfamiliar and uninhabitable form.  The aeshetic of the established society reminds me much of the 1920 in the US, and its collapse, perhaps not coincidentally, seems to me to reflect how that prosperous decade would end... but that's just interpretation.Parting Words: I love being mean."
,Recommended,237930,11570265,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,imsweepy,love this game the skill combining is an awesome idea
,Recommended,237930,11574957,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Joe,Cool mechanics and a fantastic sense of setting. Recommended!
,Recommended,237930,15959766,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Borz,Just awesome. Love the combat/gameplay. Love how the skills work. To me this game is the perfect combo b/w dungeon control and turn based strategy. Also soundtrack is uber. If you played Bastion and like it. This game has very similar feel and you won't be disappointed.
76561197993329283,Recommended,237930,13173346,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Ullr,Short but amazing.The soundtrack alone is worth buying.
76561198038455106,Recommended,237930,11537505,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,LeonardoDeQuirm,"If you liked Bastion, this game will be perfect for you. The combination of a great plot, superb soundtrack, and beautiful soundtrack, not to mention a really interesting combat system makes this a strong contender for Game of the Year."
,Recommended,237930,11549228,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Elise on the Game Center,"Transistor has a fantastic soundtrack and a interesting combat system. The art is also amazing and the story is even better. It's not a very long game, but still definitely worth the price and time you'll sink into it. The only flaw is it's launch bug, which--after my initial playthrough--rendered my game entirely useless as it crashed upon start. All I can say is make sure your drivers are up-to-date."
76561198079071360,Recommended,237930,11510223,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,smilodon142,Love this game.
,Recommended,237930,11511686,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Asiris,"The game is very good. Love the art style, the gameplay, but the story is lacking. I did connected the dots by the end, but still it wasn't as deep and interesting as in Bastion game. Which was amazing game in all aspects.Still I would recommend to play Transistor at least once. It's quite a unique game and worth its price."
,Recommended,237930,11513073,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Frostilyte,"I really enjoyed this game.Transistor's greatest strength is that is puts its trust into the player. Very little is explicitly explained to you as far as controls and story go. Because of this, you are able to discover the story, gameplay and world as you play the game. I found this extremely rewarding and very immersive. It made me want to keep playing the game, even through to the end of newgame+.The music and art style are also phenomenal."
,Recommended,237930,11516930,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Aura,"This game is a jewel. Buy it.....Oh you wanted more details?Well let me start by saying that the combat system is ok, yea,justok. I find it fun and the different tactics you can use is cool, but it's definitely NOT the selling point of this game. The real allure to this title is the plot, that juicy, dripping, moist, tasty plot. I have never cared about characters the way I care about the ones in this game, it's like playing an interactive novel brought to life by beautiful artwork and poetic, melodic tones of emotion. I'll say it again, this game's best asset is its plot, this is a must have if you enjoy a good story over mindless combat."
,Recommended,237930,11515880,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,(Boosted) Onee-Chan,The music is so heavenly.
76561197997484777,Recommended,237930,11549035,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,rettysetgu,This game definitely exceeded my expectations
,Recommended,237930,19948400,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,this yung slime,Great game with an amazing OST and a smart battle system I actually enjoyed!
,Recommended,237930,10298059,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Pungrongo,"Everything about this game is fantastic - the way it looks and sounds, the story and characters, the gameplay. My only problem with the game is its length; a game that's so good at reeling you into a world shouldn't spit you out after three or four hours. There are optional challenges and a new game+, but I'm left wanting more story, more characters, more city - not more gameplay.still tho breddy gud like 9/10"
,Recommended,237930,13151809,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Ro,"An improved Bastion, with a brand new combat system.The usual amazing narrator and ost as well. Art has improved quite a bit.But it's short."
,Recommended,237930,10938407,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,sartee,"This game is absolutely amazing.  Following on the backs of the studio's previous game, Bastion, it does not fail to deliver.  The hand painted style mixed with another unforgettable soundtrack, a great story, and an old combat system with a unique twist all help to make this game great."
,Recommended,237930,10225074,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Dustrega,"After seeing the trailer, I had fallen in love with Transistor and thus began an agonizing 2 year wait. However, the wait was worth it! Supergiant has done it again! If games are defined as art, this title should stand as an example to that definition.game art - see TransistorThe style, gameplay and last, but not least, soundtrack are all fantastic. With Bastion and Transistor in their stable, there's no wonder why they're called Supergiant. The future of this developer is bright on a fantastically vast landscape. If you haven't bought Transistor, I truly feel sorry for you, as you are missing out on a gaming culture work of art. Well done Supergiant."
76561198065193080,Recommended,237930,10247502,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,DrkSPARTN,"Captivating scenery, stellar character/plot development, mood-setting music, one-of-a-kind action gameplay, and a great addition to a collection of games that are like no other. Worth every penny (full price or on sale). A must have for aesthetic gamers."
,Recommended,237930,10262954,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,나는 우울해요,"Transistor is one of the most beautiful games that I played in a long while.The storytelling is amazing. The end had me literally cry.The art style is purely amazing and beautiful. The gameplay is fun. Tinkering with different skill combinations is quite engaging and you can scale the difficulty a lot with the so called 'Limiters'.The soundtrack is amazing too.It is not the longest game you will ever play, but it is worth the money in my opinion. And replayability is there, if just to unlock all the abilities and limiters or hunt achievements or to play at a higher difficulty scaling."
,Recommended,237930,10264860,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Xariann,"I just finished the game and all I can say is: ""Oh.My.God. I haven't been blown away like this by a game since I first played Mass Effect."" Which is my favourite game (trilogy) ever. I thought the gameplay was going to be similar to Diablo's but it's nothing like it. It's way more strategic, it's a game that woes you with its story, its graphics and most of all, with its soundtrack. It's an extremely clever game. Gaming and art meet here. The character progression is so varied that even by the end of the first play through you haven't tried everything and are ready to play again to try more, different things. I highly recommend it.The one con in this game is the skill interface: the way you slot skills isn't necessarily the most intuitive, it looks like it was designed for touch screens/controllers. That's a small thing that can be forgiven in a game that is otherwise a master piece."
,Recommended,237930,10282037,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Sir Hatsley,"Well, this here is a quality game. Lets start with its strengths: STORY, MUSIC, VISUALS, GAMEPLAY. Everything about this game shines immensley. Every aspect is so well polished I often had to take moments away from the game because it just got too impressive. That being said, there are some flaws... While the story was well executed there wasn't any exposition or call to action, which meant you don't progress because you want to save the land, you progress because you know thats where the story is. Also, the combat has a huge amount of depth and I wish they would have made some kind of multiplayer mode to accompany that. Finally, the game was a tad short. If we got that little bit of exposition that let us live a regular day in Red's world, it would have felt longer, but since we didn't, the game lacks the punch something like Mother 3 gives you. Still a good game, but it falls shy of being perfect. Like literally, centimeters away from perfection.BUY IT."
76561198054805567,Recommended,237930,10245158,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Kinnakoa,"Easily one of the best games I've ever played. I absolutely loved the story and the world. The story was short, sweet, and to the point; it didn't drag out, and it wrapped itself up with a nice definitive ending that left me with a sense of completion.The world was fleshed out wonderfully through side data and peripherals and the awesome soundtrack really helped me feel like I was in Cloudbank. In fact purchasing the soundtrack is pretty much one of the best decisions I've ever made.The combat is definitely where this game shines though. Challenging and rewarding, I really felt like there was a sense of creativity and 'playing your way' that I've rarely found in anything else. You can find whatever strategies float your boat and roll with them, and despite that the enemies aren't exactly pushovers either.Definitely worth every penny."
,Recommended,237930,10258019,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,S.S. Neckbeard,"Buy this game. Seriously. I would buy it dinner. Then I would end our night with a respectful kiss, awaiting the next time we could meet. Because this game is classy like that. It doesn't treat you like a gibbering man-ape and dump everything in your lap right at the start. It teases, it hints, I would say more but part of the allure is figuring out exactly what is going on for yourself.The only con I can think of is that it is on the short side, 5-6 hours for a playthrough stopping and doing everything possible. However, there is a recursion mode (New Game +) which allows you to play through it again with varying difficulty. I played through the game in one sitting and immediately hit the recursion button.Bottom line: It is beautiful in both sound and visuals, intriguing in story, wonderfully written and acted, causes an actual emotional reaction, and is an absolute joy to play."
,Recommended,237930,10248579,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,srvdp,"When you've played this game you will become pretty good at making numerations. This game is; Challenging, has an awesome soundtrack,  female protagonist doesn't speak (win?), combat is really advanced,  game design is astonishing, Limiters actually make the game quite a bit harder, and the NG+ (recursive mode) has a high replay value.So yeah... If you ever get the chance to pick this game up you will not be disappointed."
76561197971825130,Recommended,237930,10264385,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Haapy,"I really like this game. The music is beautiful, as are the visuals. The voice acting is nice, tho there are some weird pauses between lines. I sometimes find myself waiting for the second half of a sentence that never comes, or thinking a line is done and then it continues a few seconds later. A little weird. But the quality is very high. And I love that sword guy's voice ;oPThe combat system is enjoyable. Lots and lots of options to play with. You have a number of skills that can be either used as a primary skill (like hit 'em with the sword, or shoot a bolt of energy at a distant foe), or they can be slotted into a different primary (like add damage, or AoE to some other skill), or they can be used to provide a more general buff (you have a damage shield, or all backstabs do more damage). That's really clever, and it is surprisingly intuitive to use. I'm a huge fan of the pause-time-and-queue-up-your-actions mechanic as well.I'd highly recommend it, if you're into RPGs."
,Recommended,237930,10194386,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Rum,"10 / TrainJust as good if not better than Bastion. If you liked Bastion, you'll like this. If you didn't like Bastion, you'll like this."
,Recommended,237930,10266836,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Actual Cannibal Shia Labeouf,"SuperGiant knocks it out of the park with this title! The gameplay, story, art, and music are all fantastic. What a great game!"
76561198012183614,Recommended,237930,10312861,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Nour o'Scotia,"Brilliant story, graphics, gameplay and soundtrack. An amazing game all around."
76561198035635959,Recommended,237930,10282191,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,mrnotcrazy,"-Loved it-10/10Pros?Great core gameplaylots of customization with skillsmusic, story, characters, art style and the entier feel of the game was incrediblecons?glitched a lot after I first brought it but it seems to be doing so less now.(I still beat the game despite glitches)Repetitive at timesshort? well it is a bit short in some sense but given the size of the team and how much im paying for it I would say its not too short but It does leave a man begging for more.The entier game is great and has a quality feel to it. If games were cars this would be an over engineered underpriced german italian sports care with japanese made parts?(did I get the order right?) There are parts of the game that feel like a bit silly like the motto of the game villians which seems to be as meaning full as ""the night is always darkest before the dawn""(false). I really have a hard time finding a lot of problems with this game, definetly would recomend, would play again and will buy the sequal if one ever comes out."
,Recommended,237930,10258764,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,The Randomosity,♥♥♥♥ING BRILLIANT. Buy this game now.
,Recommended,237930,10247650,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Juice,"Transistor is yet another masterpiece from SuperGiant Games! The game is full of absolutely beautiful visuals, accompanied by an absolutely beautiful soundtrack composed by Darren Korb. The story is sweet and tragic, and Logan Cunningham's performance is absolutely fantastic. Visuals and sound aside, Transistor is a fantastic game mechanically, the gameplay finding a blend between action and turn-based/strategic planning. I highly recommend this game to anyone who enjoyed Bastion, or to anyone who likes RPGs in general."
,Recommended,237930,10267292,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,"echo, echo","Beautiful game. The fighting system is ingenuous, the soundtrack is exactly what I expected from Darren Korb. The active narration really adds a nice tough, making it feel more personalized to your style of playing. The environment and world are a little vague, but great for those who like to studying and filling in the blanks.The ending was heartbreaking, but in the best way. Hope others enjoy this game as I did."
76561198035645249,Recommended,237930,10270263,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Prometheus,One of the best games I've played in a while. The depressingly beautiful atmosphere and narration makes it a must for anyone that has an interest in anything cyberpunk.
,Recommended,237930,10312723,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Bigeloaf,"Transistor is made by SuperGiant Games, who are well known for their other masterpiece: Bastion. Both of these games have similarities with the isometric view, and feelings of being lonely. What Transistor does to break the mold and to step out from behind Bastion's shadow is amazing. It's sci-fi centric, and the musical selection of jazz is a great mood setter. Combat contrasts greatly from Bastion. In Bastion, the combat was fast-paced with very little cooldown and strategic plans. Transistor is all about the strategy standpoint as your attacks are slow as molasses, but brings in the mechanic of stopping time and planning attacks that will be automatically executed very fast after you set the plan. The artwork is beautiful and is very colorful. The levels are greatly detailed. The only voice heard during the game is the voice of the sword (i guess this will be a common theme among games by SuperGiant). If you are a fan of Bastion, this game is a must buy. If you didn't play Bastion and like games with strategic mechanics fused with some action, this is a perfect example.Transistor gets a 10/10 in my book."
76561198090250055,Recommended,237930,10224889,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,niveandbrandon,"Are you tired of the cookie cutter, shoot-em-ups?  Bored with the million dollar MMOs?  Here is your breath of fresh air!  The combat system, storyline, and immersive soundtrack are well worth the 20 bucks you'll spend."
,Recommended,237930,13800314,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,✠Dovar✠,"Transistor, A DAMN GOOD GAME- Amazing Artstyle and Graphics- GREAT Soundtrack, one of my top 3 soundtracks i've ever heard- Fantastic Gameplay it feels really really good- Very, very good Story and an amazing narration- 6 Hours long, i personally think its just the right length for itits probably my favorite game of 2014if you wanna buy it, buy the soundtrack edition"
,Recommended,237930,13304966,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Farma Doc,"Another fine game by Supergiant Studios.Much like Bastion, Transistor is beautifully narrated along the whole length of the game. The gameplay is pretty solid with fighting mainly taking place in a turn based ""turn()"" with the ablity to fight and move in real time also being the option.The skills that you use while fighting are all based arround functions, while you only can use 4 skills at a time, any spares that you have can be used to passively buff a skill or yourself.There is a slight leveling system for slowing gaining more abilities and passive slots and also ""Tests"" which are just challenges which are a nice change in pace.Story is interesting enough and it paints a unique cyberworld."
,Recommended,237930,13411039,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,OneSpeed,"Decent Singleplayer game.Nice Art, Music and dialogue.The game heavily emphasis's your characters ability customization and Does a uniquely good job of encouraging you to constantly vary your character set-up.The actual combat is fairly clunky and this really holds back the game, considering the game is at least 50% combat this is a fairly large flaw. But overall It didn't annoy me too much and I still enjoyed the game."
,Recommended,237930,13927087,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Dirty Whackafraz_,Amazing artwork and soundtrack with gameplay. 11/10
,Recommended,237930,12839774,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Captain_Slams,This is the best humming simulator I have ever played.This gets the official Jammin' with Donny 10/10.-Jams
,Recommended,237930,16704598,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,thainen,"Bastion was a major case of ""came for gameplay, stayed for aesthetics"". Transistor is more like ""came for aesthetics, stayed for aesthetics"". Gameplay is ok, but does not become tedius only because the game itself is rather short. Planning the turn and combining the effects are interesting mechanics, but have little actual depth and are fun only for the 6-7 hours it takes to beat the game once. Which is kind of perfect.Now, the aesthetics are brilliant. A futuristic sci-fi city where programming code is a part of everyday reality, is painted in the most unlikely style of Art Nouveau, and this unexpected combination provides a unique experience. Like in Bastion, sound is very tightly knit to the visual, to an almost synaesthetic effect.The story has two very different layers. The big picture is vague: to the very end we can only guess what the city actually is, can one leave it or not, what is the nature of the forse destroying it, and so on. This, however, is not sloppy worldbuilding, but rather a deliberate refusal to focus on the minutae of the narrative background and keep it blurred to focus on the story of Red, which is told with all the immediacy. A human story of hard work, love, betrayal, retribution and redemption gets through, from the first cue of the man in sword, to the last pictures in the credits."
76561198048023397,Recommended,237930,16748620,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Kabur,"The world needs more games like this. Beautifully crafted world, fantastic music and lyrical approach to the lore and story-telling is what makes this game a piece of art. The story is not, as opposed to many games, just an information dump with no meaning to it, but rather a fluid path through concepts and ideas. It let's you use your artistic imagination to ""fill in the gaps"", relate to your own life and let's you use your emotions to experience it.The mechanics are also fantastic, I would compare them to blizzard's Diablo 3 - you combine skills, thus getting different results and ways to fight. The combination of real time and turn based combat is very interesting and enjoyable."
,Recommended,237930,16747491,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Geeksie,"This game takes us on a roller coaster of not knowing what is going on until you start piecing things together. That's when the magic of Transistor comes together in a beautiful story, unlike any other I've experienced.The gameplay mechanics are really solid, providing you with many combinations and ways that you can defeat your opponents. With this, it gains replay ability as well as its achievements and different difficulty ""perks"".Transistor joins videogames, visual art and sound together in a massive heartfelt composition that will stun you for a long time.I don't think this is an experience that can be put on words, only by playing will you understand it.I definitely recommend it."
,Recommended,237930,13945113,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,ulak,"Supergiant Games rules again! Much better than Bastion, which was another masterpiece. And those soundtracks...Just play and see."
,Recommended,237930,12809128,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Slimigo,"Amazing game with beautiful art style and a fantastic soundtrack! All that humming~~~~Also, Red's sword reminds me a bit of myself. His sexy Batman voice and protectiveness of Red. Oh, baby.10/10 would recommend"
,Recommended,237930,16692203,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Shonoun,"Transistor is a game not comparable to any game I know. It's an excellent combination of RPG and fast-paced puzzle, in an action hack-and-slash style (Yeah, the genre is kind of hard to describe). The soundtrack is original and it adds compelling ambience to the stunning hand-drawn visuals that add feeling to all the rooms, streets, and courtyards you find yourself in. The actual gameplay seems to get more and more complex as you play, showing you new ways to defeat enemies and avoid death, some limiting your abilities or making you work harder for a better reward. The second you jump into the game, it gives you a hundred choices as to how you choose to play. The storyline - As far as I can tell - is very engaging and well-written, first shrouded in mystery but slowly being revealed as you progress in the game.The only thing I have a slight problem with - And I'm sure many others agree - Is that the controls are definitely meant for a controller. Though they still function on keyboard and mouse, it feels a bit complex.I'd give this a 5/5, though I think the background of the storyline and characters could use a bit of work.Final rating: 4.5/5"
,Recommended,237930,16701083,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,MegalodonMax,Transistor is a beautiful boat ride of emotions that leaves you tearing up at the end. The OST is great and the art is aboslutley terrific. The way the story unfolds in this marvelous game is so intriguing it makes you wanna keep on going and going until the end. 10/10
,Recommended,237930,16671823,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,MuratCanZK,Best game ever!
,Recommended,237930,16769684,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,MM263,"It is beautiful. It is outstanding. Not a game, but rather a piece of art. Transistor is short, but is totally worth playing through."
76561198034538584,Recommended,237930,13748580,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,[Seskia],"This game is beautiful. Stunning artwork, perfect soundtrack and a well told story with so much depth.Never have I been so emotionally attached to abilities..."
,Recommended,237930,10566764,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Russellian,"Though not really like Bastion at all, I love this game. I spent most/all of the game in the tactical view, planning out my moves meticulously. The combinations of Functions and retaining your Functions in replays really gives the game a longer life. For an indie game, this is incredibly solid. I'd expect no less, given the dev's pedigree."
,Recommended,237930,14670860,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,AquarHEAD L.,"Another stylish Supergiant's game, the combat system is really cool and well-done.OST is also cool."
76561198048581068,Recommended,237930,16463216,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,fakeivy,"As Supergiant Game's second game after Bastion, Transistor had a lot to live up to. It fills the successor shoes admirably, with an amazing soundtrack, gorgeous artwork, intricate gameplay, and good pacing. They also continue to tell the story mostly through a narrator, voiced by Logan Cunningham--the narrator from Bastion. He does well in getting into character, as the narrator in Transistor is audibly distinct from the narrator in Bastion. The battle mechanics take a little getting used to, and setting too many Limiters can make the battles quite difficult. All in all, definitely a game worth taking a look at if you liked Bastion, or even in general.See you in the Country."
,Recommended,237930,13412868,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,KFC Wipes,"Trans sister is about little Red Riding Hood, a world famous singer, and cold blooded killer.One day her talking block of ice killed a guy.After this you guys run away and kill everything that's white, because you're racist.But you're white, so it's okay in your mind. and you just KEEP KILLING, ALL THIS DEATH, ALL THIS PAIN, ALL THIS SADNESS. WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥ IS THIS ♥♥♥♥♥ GONNA TELL THE JUDGE?! ""OH, YOU'RE HONOR, I PLEAD NOT GUILTY, ON THE GROUNDS THAT A TALKING BLUE ♥♥♥♥ING THING TOLD ME THAT WHITES ARE EVIL"" THESE ARE LIVES HERE.#whitesmatter#stoplittleredridinghood#swag"
,Recommended,237930,12237626,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Carpenterbator,"This game gave me goosebumps throughout its experience and ended with me crying for quite a while. It is such an emotional train and it leaves you wondering continuously. A great soundtrack and mediocre gameplay. It ain't technically the best game out there but it is easily one of the best stories. One can argue that the story is flawed but it got the fans together by asking questions since the story was told indirectly. It told more than the dialogue and it used every way of transmitting emotions onto the player. I wish I could explain more but you'll have to see, hear and feel for yourself.Feel train 2014."
,Recommended,237930,13740942,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Dread Kamikan,"For $20 this game has made me feel more and brought me more enjoyment than many $60 titles. The art is consistently wonderful, the music is so great that I am going to buy the soundtrack even though SuperGiant Games has been kind enough to upload all of them to Youtube for free! Loved the last game and I can't wait to see what this studio still has to share."
,Recommended,237930,12716193,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,_blehh,"No clue what's going on, but I like it."
,Recommended,237930,13692782,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Nyx^,BUY. THIS. GAME.
,Recommended,237930,13740550,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,noaru,"I loved Bastion to bits and Supergiant didn't disappoint with this one either: the graphic style is just gorgeous, the music very atmospheric (you can stop and hum to the music anytime you like) and the story keeps you interested without dragging on too much. Loved the ending, but it doesn't stop there, I'll do another playthrough because I can't help myself.PS Oh and the Linux version works flawlessly!"
76561198014053979,Recommended,237930,13680353,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,lyra,"*** Spoiler alert ***Transistor is a beautiful game with amazing art direction, music and a unique combat system. However, the story, in my opinion, is what completely falls flat. The premise of a female singer who's lost her voice is interesting but the storytelling is too one-sided. I understand Red can't speak but that doesn't mean she's incapable of responding or showing any emotion. At the end, we see what resembles snapshots of Red's life with the mystery man in the Transistor which should have, in my opinion, happened at moments throughout the game instead. There's a lot more I could say about the plot being lackluster but honestly the rest of the game - art, music and combat - make up for what the story lacks, and is well worth a playthrough. That being said, I don't know if I could stand to play recursion and go through the motions of listening to that narrator again..."
,Recommended,237930,13768371,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Purin Yato,"Although kinda short, It has an amazing story. The combat was very well done and there were plenty of backstories to get into if you needed a break from the fast pased drive. The ending made me cry. :P I went back and paid extra money for the soundtract even though i could have just downloaded it off of youtube, because they deserve the extra money coming their way."
76561198080269775,Recommended,237930,13762289,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Elle Jolayne,Such a beautiful game with captivating music. This game gave me all the feels!
,Recommended,237930,13737673,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Grynder,i cri evertim :-<
76561198053373372,Recommended,237930,13780571,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Dodger,"Short but sweet. Transistor's art design is absolutely beautiful and the music is AAA quality. Gorgeous indie game, highly recommended"
,Recommended,237930,13787774,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Cj1m | EndlessLoot.com,"Beautiful graphics, lovely music, and something a bit different. Highly recommend it!"
,Recommended,237930,13672759,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,JazzTap,"The art of this game is wonderful. (Characters. Areas. Songs. Story.) I will not elaborate further. I am sure others have.I do have a terminology quibble: a transistor is a switch controlled by voltage. Yes, it is the basic unit of a digital processor. No, you can't stab people with it, much lessstash their soul in it.Nor, taken literally, should you be able to proc stun / charm / slow / vuln / knocked-into-air on them. Gameplay-wise, these are your basic tools. By artfully arranging them - some being cheaper than others, some affecting more enemies at once, some merely being available at the time - into useful combos, a pleasing variety arises.Although the variety of (largely useful) abilities is remarkable, their tradeoffs won't particularly matter (due to some powerful, spammable late-game abilities) unless you up the difficulty. The system for doing so is remarkably flexible - rules of combat can be turned to the enemy's favor, or you can step outside the campaign (which you should be replaying at this point anyways) to pit a semi-fixed loadout against (yet )a(nother) set configuration of enemies.Cloaking enemies (temporarily untargetable) are annoying for how they drag out fights, later on. Others, that boot you out of turn-planning, violate the premise of the game - the few encounters they participate in become mere button-spamming, converting tension to panic. This is the worst quibble I have with the game. (Except maybe for the name of its titular artifact.)In summary: A fascinating post-mortem of a city that deserved to live. (Deserves, even. I'm imagining an art deco / cyberpunk life simulator.It would be a lot of work.) Coupled with the important, RPG-y business of blowing things up in increasingly efficient, then increasingly roundabout ways."
76561198121837294,Recommended,237930,13307626,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,CE-Rap,"sooooo.....when's the sequel?Seriously, I can't get enough of this masterpiece.-Flawless music-Drop dead gorgeous visuals-A truly engaging combat system that rewards tactics as well as the direct approach-A myriad of combinations to create the perfect combat style just for you-Limiters that truly enhance the difficulty by making the enemy AI vastly smarter-""A NewGame + "" mode that, combined with limiters, makes the second playthrough a true challenge-Well voiced characters-A somber, touching, insightful tale of a woman with a voice so powerful, it was taken from her, resulting in her finding an even greater power---her will to fightThe game deserves every accolade and every award it can garner.  And although I appreciate that a sequel would be tough consideing where the tale ends, I just can't help hoping to revisit the gorgeous landscape of Cloudbank in a brand new adventure.A must-buy--a must-play--and one of my absolute favorite gaming experiences of the year"
,Recommended,237930,13830571,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,V Δ N K Δ S H,#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorBruh...
76561198063224555,Recommended,237930,13837858,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Vinacious G,"This game's sountrack is a melodic warm embrace upon your eardrums and inner soul.I'm on my second playthrough. Before I begin rambling, here's a quick list:1. This game is short, I probably finished my first playthrough in about 10 hours or so.2. Get the soundtrack, you will not regret it.3. This game is stunningly beautiful, and if you liked Bastion at all, you'll love this, possibly even more.4. The gameplay element to this is fascinating. You can, much like in Bastion, configure and reconfigure your protagonist as you please, taking her attacks apart and putting them back together again just like with sexy, exploding Lego's.5. The further you progress through the story the more upgrades and limiters you will choose to unlock.6. Limiters can be brutal (I turned 9 on immediately on my second run-through, thinking I was a boss with the NG+ system (New Game+) - No. I was wrong. I was hilariously wrong.7. I've heard the first ending isn't really the ending. I would not be surprised.8. The pace of the game is very quick, and the only distraction from the story are little rooms you can find to practice different setups and complete challenges. The first ones are easy, but on towards the end of the game the last two stability tests were rather challenging. This game makes you strategize sometimes ;P9. Again, this is one of those games this is more about pleasing your senses. Just let it happen.10. I would suggesting searching on Youtube the following tracks, and listening to them in this order:> Gateless> We All Become Instrumental> The Spine> Vanishing Point Hummed (sounds just like a theme from arguably one of the greatest games of all time and space)> In CirclesSeriously. Grand game. SO glad I got it on sale so I could buy the OST as well for the grand total of $10 and some change. Which I then used a gift card for X3"
,Recommended,237930,13843515,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,in2erval,I-UmIt was beautiful.Masterpiece.
76561197967752816,Recommended,237930,13429243,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Tonkatsu,"I don't always write reviews for games but when I do. I do tell you this game has the most soundtrack ever, it's like the next best thing after Nobue Uematsus Final Fantasy games. Speaking of soundtracks the soundtrack is so good and fitting to the game that it makes you forget about time and all you want to do is to play this game. The way the story is told is one of the less used now days but it speaks to the player very well, giving the player new thougs and understandings of the game world and the story surrounding it. I think this game is the best investment in a game in the year of 2014 that I have made. I STRONGLY recomend this game to anybody ever interrested in games. --T"
76561197988149627,Recommended,237930,13852021,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,_rGB,good
,Recommended,237930,13712335,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Vazitron,I think Supergiant is the only studio on Earth right now that can so perfectly balance art and gameplay. Transistor entertains the mind and the heart.
76561198068404004,Recommended,237930,13694648,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Lorska,"Most people say that you need around 6 hours to beat this once.If you explore every bit and wait for every dialogue, play around with the different functions, crank up the difficulty to max whenever possible and only have reasonable luck with the random based challenges 8-10h is more appropriate (listening to the awesome music included).So with actually playing the game it's 10 hours worth of amazing content for the first playthrough. And the second seems to offer some more things to keep you entertained.I didn't find anything that this game does not do really good except for some user interface issues (mostly when installing functions, though you can drag&drop and stuff, it's just a bit strange when you change a whole lot).---------Please be aware though, there is one minor design flaw. In fact this may wipe your progress if you are not careful so please read on IF you want to play on maxed difficulty and change around your playstyle a lot:After reaching the top of the tower DO NOT LEAVE unless you have a foolproof ability kit or turned off all/some limiters. The game saves after a cut-scene and you will have to fight a high tier dog and some minions. YOU DO NOT GET THE OPTION TO CHANGE YOUR BUILD EVEN IF YOU LOAD. You can pretty much always beat anything before even with a sub-par build and a few deaths but this encounter can be devastating with the wrong build. It took me several minutes of optimizing a test build that was not working as intended.---------Probably the only game where I used Tab for other things than minimizing the window. And I used it a lot. Definitely the only game where I didn't do anything else except holding the Tab key at times...Buy this if you have a working Tab key. If not, wait for a discount. Or don't, because it's incredible. Seriously, the only problem people are having with this game is that it is too short. Great games are always too short, or we wouldn't play the bad games anyway...Edit: 2nd playthroughThe design flaw as explained above is here more apparent and it happens more often, though you should have a good setup at this point anyway. being able to have multiples of the same function also makes stuff very interesting. Most encounters are very easy (with the correct kit) but some encounters seem to be randomized so you can have pretty challenging fights, even though I nearly instantly killed anything, I still only had about 20-30% life after most fights. The challenge rooms you get access to are okay (fighting against a last boss kind of type is forgettable though), the randomized fights can be a nightmare and the repeating ""only fighting against an increasing number of men"" is dumb and very unfair with the wrong abilities. This changes in the later rooms though and I had some pretty fun times going through the last 16 waves, losing my good abilities right at the start and only reaching my standard setup right at the last wave.So far a recursion seems unnecessary, the real meat (plot, style, music) is already inside your bellies, so the only thing left is to play around with the game mechanics. Those are excellent but you should know when to stop before you ruin your experience. See that mode as optional and not as required and you will be fine :)"
,Recommended,237930,13730510,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Sildus,"I rarely write reviews, but I just have to say that Transistor earns a spot on my Shelf of Favorites. If I had one.Transistor is a quite original game with a unique style, which you won't be forgetting after you've played through. Because of its haunting sound design and soundtracks, which compliments really well with the artwork and its mood-guiding colour palette, these together you get a really beautiful and a very atmospherical game you'll find yourself immersed in (Headphones recommended). The voice acting is especially a huge plus.The game doesn't reveal much, but enough to keep you curious and interested to learn more as you play. This is all in an isometric view and is nicely detailed, you'll want to run around and explore a little. The fighting is fun, if you like strategy and weapon function combining, which is creative and you get to decide how you want to use them.I actually don't want to reveal anything more about the plot of the game than what has already been shown and told in the gametrailer, you'll have to experience it and find out for yourself.  I myself, have been wondering about getting the game for a while after I saw the trailer. I was hesitant at first because I was afraid of being let down and disappointed, though I purchased it on Christmas sale later. I now treasure this game and it's worth the price, on sale or not.-- The city's most influential voices disappear one by one. You play as Red, the protagonist, who survived after a failed attack and now have to find out the answer to what is going on and why you got attacked. --Pros:+ Beautiful artwork+ Eye-pleasing design+ Great soundtracks+ Nice sound design and effect+ Great voice acting+ Interesting story developing as you play through+ Fun strategic gameplay+ DetailsCons:- Short"
76561198064188320,Recommended,237930,12797172,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,paindora,"I absolutely loved this game.Beautiful art style with what looks like nods to classic artists like Gustav Klimt and M.C. Escher.  It also has great music, and an interesting battle mechanic.Would definitely recommend."
76561198006567277,Recommended,237930,10294656,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,The Grubb,"A beautiful, but somewhat short game. Has a ""new game+"" feature with some surprises though.Worth the price, even if it is short. The storyline left me with all the feels.I wish I bought the soundtrack..."
,Recommended,237930,13948521,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Lysander,"Absolutely beautiful game.  The art, sound, and music are amazing.  The story is intriguing, though not as much is explained as I would like.  There are hints of deeper secrets in the game, but that is left to the imagination.The gameplay was odd at first, but once a few abilities are unlocked it becomes pretty good.  Each ability can serve three functions, which creates a lot of variety with many combos.  I liked the ""Turn"" system which makes the game more strategy oriented (especially compared to Bastion).  The game is pretty linear, consisting of progressing between arena-like areas, but the environments keep everything feeling new and fresh.I loved the writing.  Each ability comes with a character backstory that is unlocked by using each of the ability's functions.  Each time I got a new ability I quickly used each function just so I could read the fascinating backstories.Overall, this was a pretty good game.  I recommend it to anyone."
,Recommended,237930,27831222,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Dark,Fantastic
76561198072771609,Recommended,237930,14145622,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Massacrations,"Very good game, absolutely beuatiful."
,Recommended,237930,13764141,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,LeafyGreenCarl,"as a follow up to the great game that was bastion, transistor had much to live up to.it did live up to it, the music and visuals are amazing as well the intriguing and satisfying combat system which was the biggest improvement over bastion where the combat was a little lack lustre.seriously though transistor is up there for one of my favourite games of the last few years, even if it left me with a feeling of graving a sequel that i feel won't be satisfied."
,Recommended,237930,25351130,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,PENGUIN LORD,Don't think.Just buy and play you will love it.
76561197999183456,Recommended,237930,10187010,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Draekho,"Fantastic art and music, a well-realised postcyberpunk world and an excellent combat system.  A must-play, especially if you liked Bastion, or you've read any Neal Stephenson or William Gibson."
76561198069468270,Recommended,237930,10189640,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Pachimari,"An absolutely stunning game. The world created is so incredibly immersive and beautiful, the artwork is stylistic and detailed, the music is positively amazing, the story and narration is griping, and the combat is strategic and fast paced and fun, also highly customizable. Buy it now, Buy a copy for your cats, just throw your wallet repeatedly at the computer screen. Soo Good. Ahdfjghleu"
,Recommended,237930,10189182,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,NimMooMoo,Just finished my first run through the game and it was amazing from beginning to end(?). The art and the music just draw you in from the first second and the combat system was rather interesting.It lived up to all my expectations and then some. And big props to Supergiant Games for not doing any preorder shenannigans!
,Recommended,237930,10195845,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Brentmeister,Another work of art from the team at Super Giant. A must play!
76561198044571814,Recommended,237930,10184320,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Tahu!,Best Isometric View Ball bouncing simulator to date
,Recommended,237930,10205758,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,no4u,"If you are looking for a recreational game to play, don't get Transistor.If you are looking to own a beautiful piece of art, you better drop everything and buy Transistor."
,Recommended,237930,10209888,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,ssidistik,"4.5 hours of great fun for the first play through with tons of replay ability. First playthrough was just main storyline and none of the extra content. Seems like  20 more hours of fun ahead of me with the optional content. Challenges are another topic all together.Might have 20 hours on those I see aswell.Beautiful art, fun game play with a stroyline that is charming. Just wish it didn't end so fast."
,Recommended,237930,10205135,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,DannyRay,"If ever you come across that common question of whether video games truly belong in the world of high art, along with the likes of time-immune paintings, masterpiece films and all-time hit singles, you only need to answer it with Transistor.To say that Transistor is a work of art is no exaggeration. The beautifully painted art style reminiscent of Supergiant Games' brilliant favourite, Bastion, go hand in hand with the lovely soundtrack by Darren Korb. Ashley Barrett lends her vocals to most of the soundtrack as the protagonist, Red's, singing voice while the gravelly voiced Logan Cunningham returns as Red's companion, a man stuck in a sword. Their story is one of hardship, as they fight a system off in the hopes of getting what was stolen from them back. This good story backs its visuals and audio to make it an attractive package.The drawback that most see in dedicating a game as art is the common mistake of letting the gameplay slide into abandon. Thankfully, Supergiant Games made sure that the game's mechanics is deep and enjoyful. The combat system is incredibly customizable and allows for versility. I was eager to try out as many combinations as possible to find one that suited my playstyle and I eventually found my favourite life-stealing spamming long shot laser that exploded upon contact. There is an alright amount of enemy variety, especially since enemies gain abilities as you progress through the story.In short, Transistor is not only brilliant to look at or listen to, its fun to play and has a story worth following. Sounds like the perfect package, right? Now, some have complained that the game is really short and not worth the full retail price. My first playthrough lasted 9 hours, since I took my time to explore both the wonderful science fiction world and the expansive combat options. One should know that the game comes with a New Game + option, known as Recursion where you retain your levels and combat options as you play through the story again. In this mode, the enemies are leveled according to yours to make this second playthrough a tough one. While this NG+ option is there to add to the game's worth, not many would want to play through a second round.I've been playing this for 15 hours so far and am halfway through my second playthrough, loving it all the same the second time. To me, this is a work of art, one I'll be recommending to many."
76561198052295531,Recommended,237930,10213435,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Rag,"Just finshed it, the Music, Art and Gameplay were amazing but...i finished the story in only 4 hours without rushing which for a single player only game  with a price tag of $20 is not much at all and leaves you with a feeling of ""WTF thats it?"""
,Recommended,237930,13125992,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,SylinaTeHel,Stunning artwork and on top of that the gameplay is nice as well. Really beautiful game!
,Recommended,237930,21157657,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,master baiter,"first of hello. Transistor stated of beeing a game I just bought when it was on sale and it stood in my library untoutched ever since, but thank god I finaly decided to pick it p and play. the concept is jsut awesome. you play red and lose the ability to talk, stolen by a group you want to take revenge on. with you you have the transsistor in it there is the voice of your loved one. the transistor has the ability to ""capture"" souls and use them to manipulate time and space in diferent manners. by using this functions in diferent ways you find out more about the people you collected giving you more lore. the story is pretty good in my opinion, you just follow this couple on theyr quest to get back what was theyrs to begin with. you see how one big plan can go wrong indangering the hole city. the combat system was sometimes frustratingly hard but realy fun at the same time, I found my self doing combos who onehited most enemys while looking badass. the enemy variaty is big, with different enemy types and upgrades of said enemys. Thou at the end they just seemed to get more and more anoying to forcing you out of your comfort zone. the game is pretty nice and you should give it a try."
76561198124916435,Recommended,237930,23976536,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Raitei,"Best indie game, story 100/10 gameplay 100/10this game is a masterpieceit's art"
,Recommended,237930,11162676,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Zuri,This game is god damn beautiful.
,Recommended,237930,14358686,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,spire,Awesome!
76561198080382364,Recommended,237930,26896432,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,NightOfRavens,Amazing storyIncreasing difficultyCustomizationAwesome original soundtrack10/10 would play again
,Recommended,237930,10922685,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Babazi,"Very nice game indeed.Unique battle style.Wonderful music.Perfect naration.Smooth graphic.Very recommended game, well done!"
,Recommended,237930,22508149,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Glorious Comrade,I actually almost cried/10
,Recommended,237930,29601669,Posted: 31 January,all,Ness1228,"If you playedBastion,then you should know what you're in for and, as such, can expect the same experience and be happy that you'll get an arguably better one from Transistor. If you haven't played Bastion, then continue reading.Transistor is right up there with Bastion in ""best games I've ever played"" for many of the same reasons as well; I'll start by discussing the gameplay itself. I played through the game using an Xbox360 Afterglow controller, and the controls are very intuitive and remappable in the options menu. Of course, the game can be played without a controller. In terms of difficulty, it's that comfortable difficulty that isn't easy but isn't frustratingly impossible; it's sometimes challenging, but it's nothing an average player shouldn't be able to handle. There are unlockable and completely optional ""limiters"" that make the game harder and give greater rewards from battle as a result. As you progress through the game, you'll unlock several different abilities that can be equipped in various ways, allowing you to find out for yourself which abilities and combat styles you personally prefer; there's no punishment for not using a certain ability, and (outside of the challenge rooms) you have complete freedom as to how you wish to tackle the many battles in the game.If I were to attempt to describe the combat mechanics, it'd be a turn-based real-time hybrid; you can attack in real-time (which is rather difficult, as most attacks have short start-up and ending cooldown animations), or you could take advantage of the Turn() function, which is the game's core combat mechanic. By activating Turn(), you essentially freeze time and are able to move and perform actions; when time is frozen, you don't actuallyperformthe actions until time is unfrozen, in which you then proceed to wreak havoc on the enemies. However, after you use this, there's a set cooldown period where you cannot useanyactions except for running around and evading enemy attacks until you can use Turn() again. It takes a little bit of getting used to and the game provides helpful tips at the top of the screen, as well as the first battle.As for the non-gameplay aspects, the pacing of the story in tandem with the narrative serves to keep the game entertaining and flowing smoothly. The plot develops the more you play, and you can unlock more information about character backstories by using different abilities in combat. The soundtrack is dynamic as it changes depending on the stage of battle. The entire game can be played in one long sitting (4~6 hours), but it auto-saves at each in-game terminal or whenever you enter a new area, so it's fine to play in short intervals if you don't have the time.For the record, I shouldn't even be able to run this game, as I don't meet the minimum requirements; however, turning down the resolution and a few other settings, I was able to play the game with an acceptable framerate with little to no issues. Of course, doing such things isn't good for my processor (pun intended)."
,Recommended,237930,24403986,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Nobita-kun,"Transistor is AWESOME()-Great soundtracks, great battle system, great artworks, and the story really touches to the feelings. An exciting game to play!"
,Recommended,237930,13668479,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Niitsuma Yuri,"Belo jogo, tanto no sistema do mesmo quanto na história.Me deixou focado e pensando no enredo por um bom tempo.A partir de recomeçar a campanha pela segunda vez, percebe-se que o jogo é um pouco curto. Mas valeu a pena ter jogado.Alá Mercado Livre: ""Recomendo""."
,Recommended,237930,11351288,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Cottonbonbon,"Although Transistor has been reviewed and praised countless times before me, it goes without saying that this game is a glistening gem amiss a sea of franchise sequels whose sheen can be compared to that of rust and decay. But in order to really review this game properly, we would have to start off by comparing this game to supergiants first, and only other shining success of 2; Bastion.Like Bastion, Transistor's story begins in tragedy, with your main protagonist Red having to run from a group known only as the Camerata, who as far as you know have just failed to assasinate you. Why, you do not know, but in foolishly doing so have given you a powerful weapon known only as the transistor; A sword, posessed by a voice acting as your only aid that holds the key to stopping a mass outbreak of creatures known as the process, who do nothing but kill and assimilate anything and anyone who is unfortunate enough to step in their path.Overall the story is very, very immersive, and will keep you engaged until it's finale, where my only gripe with this game resides. In comparison to Bastion, Transistors climax is done quite well, but then it just ends in a very somber note with not much rhyme or reason, which in turn makes it a good, but inferior ending to that of it's predecessor. If you are like me who has played Bastion before Transistor, don't be too surprised if Transistors ending feels lackluster in comparison. Despite that though, it's story is still very much worth playing through, if not only once if you are a completionist like me (played 20 hours total, and unlocked all 33 acheivements). If you have not played Bastion before this game, then you will definately get to enjoy the fullness of the games narrative with unbiased eyes, which is probably the best way to play this game.I definately recommend playing this game at least once through, regardless if you have played Bastion before this or not; it is definately worth every minute of your time."
76561198042363630,Recommended,237930,22278855,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Poisonspy,"This is a wonderful game and even though I have not played much of it yet at the time of writing this review, I will definitely be playing my fair share. The art style is gorgeous, the narration and character design is awesome, and the strategic combat is very fun. I think my favorite part about the game is how each skill can be set as either an active skill, or a passive upgrade to another skill, and each skill mixed with others provides new effects. If you have not purchased this game, pick it up and support the developers for this awesome game they created :D"
,Recommended,237930,17665218,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Sex Pistols,"Transistor, looks amazing, feels amazing, and plays amazingly..I can get lost in the scenery, everything is beautiful, the voice actors did a good job, how ever some of the characters can come across as dreary, it kinda fits with what it is,I'm not sure about the story, but with the way it looks I bet the story is just as good (I wasnt paying the most attention)My one and only gripe, it its short, but the story is only about 6 hours long and there isnt a whole lot extra you can do, but it is short enough to play a few times over I supposeIt was one of those games I never though I would play and then I did and I instantly fell in love with it,"
76561198142967549,Recommended,237930,12834656,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,GhostToast,"Stunning visuals, intuitive, strategy-based gameplay, and intriguing storyline that develops and is revealed as you progress. The constant narration really connects you emotionally to the game, not to mention  the stellar sountrack. Its indie rock/grunge/electro-pop style is really unique and suits the mood of the game very well. Everything you should look for in an RPG and more. Brilliant."
,Recommended,237930,10192498,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Zedrin,"On its own, Transistor is a solid game with a great atmosphere and world, a very complicated and interesting story, and a very unique combat system. The game features narration by Logan Cunningham, who plays a voice trapped in the Transistor, leading to a lot of real-time commentary on your actions. It's odd but the terms 'action' and 'turn based' simultaneously need to be used to describe the game. The music as well is really good, and is a prominent element to the game.This is SuperGiant's second game, their first being Bastion (a must-play, btw). For those who HAVE played Bastion, it'll feel relatively familiar in many respects (such as how the story progresses, Jen Zee's artstyle, etc.), but still unique. Comparatively, both games featured Cunningham as a narrator, though IMO it worked a bit better for Bastion as he was more able to tell a story, almost omnipotent, rather than act as a lone character. This is probably part of why the story is a bit confusing for Transistor.While Bastion's strong point was its narration, where Transistor really excels is its combat system. As I've said, the combat system is very unique. It's a little hard to understand at first but it is incredibly deep and challenging, with multiple setups, perks, and moves that are all balanced very well. The only weak part is the interface used to synergize the skills: it's just as deep and complex as the fighting itself. A slightly clearer interface would greatly help, but you can also overcome this by just gradually memorizing the functions of the skills for when they're applied.Unfortunately a lot of the additional story elements are in the form of text-based profiles from traces and skills you've acquired, and while it expands the world, setting the time aside to read through the logs for each trace you acquire kinda feels tedious. That said, there's enough explained in the main storyline to understand the world as much as you need to (if you're paying attention), so the logs are more just for additional sustenance. The game also lacks some kind of central world hub: the one they have available is only available at certain times in the middle of missions, rather than a place you return to after each mission. There are some challenge modes available for additional content, and they're worth doing, though I personally am hoping SuperGiant will add in more challenge modes in the future.The main storyline isn't too long, will take about 6-8 hours to beat, but it's very rich and fulfilling, and leaves a New Game+ option to experience more of the combat, with a few subtle changes to the story. Overall a worthy second title out of SuperGiant Games."
,Recommended,237930,12755706,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Charger15,The game was fun but short. But what I really liked was the soundtrack.
76561198058481810,Recommended,237930,28931855,Posted: 1 January,all,13900IpForThis,"Buy it, all of it. Get one for the kids too.9/10, but only because it ended."
,Recommended,237930,10221503,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Johnny Piledriver,I crie evry tim
,Recommended,237930,10402960,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Sam I Jam,"The lovely art style of Bastion evolves into something much darker and sci-fi in tone. The gameplay evolves into something much more complex with an easy to pick up (yet, difficult to master) play style. The narrative is stronger, shorter, tighter, and leaves a world you really want to know more about.A great (albeit shorter) action//RPG hybrid that's tough to put down until you finish it. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,237930,10204036,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Driscon,"Cut much from the same cloth as Bastion, Supergiant managed to do all of the things they did wonderfully with Bastion: art direction, amazing music, interesting narrative technique, etc., but in a new game rather than a sequel."
,Recommended,237930,10226625,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Brilliant Whistler,"A modern classic.The less you know about the game, the more you'll enjoy it.One thing to mention, if you come from an artistic background and are somewhat liturate in how computers work, you will get the most out of the game. Both the visual direction and the mechanics have a lot of thought put in to them. It is something you have to go though a few times to completely understand it, though."
,Recommended,237930,10247900,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,marquesliberty,"A brilliantly (overused: True) paced and beautifully balanced game oft forgets the story it is trying to tell in search of becoming something it isn't. Whether in pursuit of innovation or not, games of this fashion commonly gloss over facets that players wish more deeply explored; point being, this game will break your heart, the soundtrack will grace you back in to it's somber tale, the combat whisk away formalities in light of strategy and challenge, and the character depth and interaction will, undoubtedly bring you laughter, anguish, unncertainty, and understanding. That all without even mentioning the art, and barely tapping at the resource pool that is the lore of this game.Stories like this one do not come along oft enough, and Bastion rings the same in my ears. SuperGiant has done it again, and done it just as well.9.5/10"
,Recommended,237930,11798015,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,SubiyaCryolite,Great Art. Nice Music. Good gameplay. The story starts off confusing but things gets wrapped up really nicely towards the games conclusion. A very good time overall.
76561198141908130,Recommended,237930,11104781,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Starbit,"Transistor is one of those games that you don't want to pull away from with its story and fun gameplay. It does a very good job at building the sci-fi world it is set in with various interactable objects and character profiles that add even more depth to the plot. The actual gameplay is very easy to get into and still provides a good challenge at points like some boss fights.The game is very well made as a whole with little to no glitches, except for one bug where clicking to a location becomes somewhat unresponsive and difficult to interact with points of interest. However I've only encountered this bug after playing for longer sessions.Overall Rating: 9/10I recommend this game for anyone whose a fan on action RPGs and strategy games."
,Recommended,237930,31006065,Posted: 7 April,all,Veelq,"This game is a work of art. Graphics, music and the story itself create remarkable sensation.I own this game both here on steam (I made 1st, a lil' rushed playthrough on PC)  and on ps4 so my gameplay time is way longer (I prefer to play it on ps4 because of fully working dualshock 4 functions prepared for this game - they aren't necessary to fully experience the game though.)."
76561198056771241,Recommended,237930,17054899,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,OG ThermalDevil,"You have to play this game, it is so good story is very interesting. Did not expect the how the game would end. Playstyle is really unique to other games and its great to see games like these that arent your typically generic games nowadays. 5/5 would recommecnd this game to a friend."
76561198118697312,Recommended,237930,16990496,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,My dudes,"Definitely buy this game, it's one of the best of 2014. The story was great and you can easily grow attached to the sword (ash) in the game. The real reason to buy it though is the gameplay, there may be too many options at first but once you get into it, it can become so satisfying. Watch a YouTube video to see how it works and you'll realise why the combat is so original and unique."
76561198032755188,Recommended,237930,13117562,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,ozarkbilly,This is a really fun game with really lovely illustration throughout.It's so fun that I even ventured deep into the recursion (2nd play) immediately after finishing the story.I almost never do this with games.
,Recommended,237930,10194921,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Quylaa,"Amazing artwork, expansive story, unique gameplay, traditional SuperGiant Games storytelling. What's not to love?"
76561197984306261,Recommended,237930,10199685,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,SOLO,You're a transistor Harry.
76561198043837178,Recommended,237930,11970775,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,__mib,Style(). Story(). GreatSuccess().
,Recommended,237930,10348958,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,galja_johny,"'when everything changes, nothing changes'so beautiful..."
,Recommended,237930,11519709,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Muscle Moose,"10 out of heart-ing 10.A game with a great mix of actions and tactical gameplay. Best part is: it never lets up. The whole Functions (abilities) system is diverse and leaves many different options with many different playstyles to be made—where abilities can be used as they are, or used to augment other abilities, or even augment your character. It's all reaaaaally well done.The music will take you over and force delightful milk out your ears. Get your happy tissues ready. Highly recommend purchasing the soundtrack if you're ever in need of revitalizing.The art portrays the world both as it is and as it once was—with such beauty. The controls are incredibly good, and I got the strong desire to play the NG+.Just such a worthy purchase.EDIT (10/15/2014): Played the NG+ and it was great. It gave me far more room to improve on various skill synergies and properly prepare for a speedrun, which I ended up doing upon completion of NG+. Still just a 10/10 <3"
,Recommended,237930,10223701,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,＿ＳｐａａｓＺ,"What a beautiful game! Red is simply awesome! Loved the story (even being sometimes really weird) and how the characters develop inside of it. Just 5-6 hours of gameplay but, i really had my fun. Controls are super simple and i didn't have any problems mastering it. The possibility to change it's difficulty as you get limiters is an incredible idea and it works amazingly. I bought the soundtrack as well, i'm listening to it right now and i'm in love with Ashley Barrett’s vocals!Well spent money. Supergiant games making history again! 10!"
76561198025027746,Recommended,237930,10598559,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,cpiitzer,"Simply put, Transistor is beautiful. The soundtrack composed by Darren Korb buzzes with electric, jazzy energy. The painted artstyle, courtesy of Jen Zee, drenches protagonist Red's world of Cloudbank in a gorgeous Art Nouveau - meets - cyberpunk atmosphere. If you played Supergiant Games's spiritual predecessor Bastion, you'll recognize Rucks's silky-smooth narration as the voice within Red's attendant sword, the titular Transistor. If nothing else, the game has an irreversible sense of style - from the way the Transistor, the titular weapon, trails along the ground, to the novel option to hum in time with the background music. Mute though she may be, Red - and the player - leave their voices imprinted upon the Processed world.Gameplay is innovative, and expands upon the isometric action style that Bastion perfected. The core of Transistor's mechanics are various Functions that represent an in-game concept - breaching, crashing, even calling for help. These translate into active abilities - a damaging linear attack, a single-target disable, and the ability to summon a robotic helper, respectively - as well as traits used to modify functions- the ability to extend range of functions, addition of a disable utility to functions, and modifying the trait to spawn weak allies when an enemy is killed - and passive abilities that can be used to modify yourself, which, for the sake of length, will not be mentioned. Combat is also made more strategic by the Turn() ability, which, when activated, allows the player to go into a pseudo-""planning mode,"" halting battle and allowing the player to input a certain number of Functions and movements. Upon deactivation of the Turn(), Red activates all of the moves near-instantaneously, but is vulnerable and has most Functions disabled until the Turn() meter passively regenerates. Players can choose to either maximize their Turn() potential, packing their moveset with tons of burst and evasion Functions, choose to play it real-time using sustain and distraction Functions, or a mixture of the two.Story is intimately tied to gameplay, as leveling up, using Functions, and empowering the enemy Process with certain upgrades allow for greater fleshing out of the world - a storytelling device that encourages the player to experiment with different approaches to the game. It does, however, mean that the story suffers somewhat in terms of actual content - a speedrunning player will find the plot threads to be confusing and sparse. Once one unravels all the various story threads though, , a greater plot does begin to emerge from the tangled network of Cloudbank's world.If any real criticism can exist for Transistor, it may be that it does not quite live up to Bastion, in terms of sheer narrative clarity. The characters, perhaps, never feel as fully realized as the Kid, Zia, or Zulf (though perhaps the incredible ending sequence will object.) But Transistor is its own subroutine, and to contradict a certain quote, when nothing changes, well - nothing changes."
76561198026977358,Recommended,237930,11917193,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Potato,"Transistor is a game that managed to hold my attention like no other with its interesting setting and mysterious story line. This game has a fantastic soundtrack that complements the gameplay brilliantly, as well as a artistic style like no other. Because of this and the great time i had playing it all i have to say is  BUY this game, its is a MASTERPIECE."
,Recommended,237930,10427488,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,StencilOST,"Supergiant games rocked the boat with Bastion, a great title. Although In game Narration wasnt a new thing, thier excecution was almost flawless.And now Transistor pushed  the bar above and beyond. This game is beautiful, it's music and somber settign come together with a surprising gameplay style that allows a lot of freedom and punishes stagnation.The Game has a pretty short runtime, bieng only 5-6 hours long. But i believe its $20 price tag is welll worth that and the newgame+."
76561198059704884,Recommended,237930,10891634,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,JtotheG,Fan-freakin-tastic!
,Recommended,237930,10271663,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Torch,"Once again Supergiant has proven that games can be art. The visuals are beautiful, the controls are intuitive, the gameplay is simple yet challenging, the narration pulls you along, you CRAVE to learn more of the story, and the music is so well themed that you'll want to buy the soundtrack. Bastion is in my top five and Transistor has easily matched, if not exceeded it. It's world will be etched fondly in your memory and while it's replay value will mostly be for the challenge seekers, I'm sure that, like bastion, you'll find yourself revisiting it every year or so. Buy this game and support a truly visionary team of creators."
,Recommended,237930,12016578,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,leloscheidt,Ótimo jogo! Jogabilidade e trilha sonora excepcionais!
,Recommended,237930,10593044,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,rustedAutomaton,"One of my current favorite games in a long time. The story is very well done and left me emotional by the end. I played through twice and it didn't get any less good the second time around. The combat system is well thought out and different from a lot of things, though it reminds me of the V.A.T.S. system from the Fallout series. 9/10 if only because there's a bug in my version that doesn't allow me to do all the sidequest things without the game freezing."
76561198035777435,Recommended,237930,10195879,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,dlsn,Awesomeness ~ play this game
,Recommended,237930,11698189,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Miava,"Action based RPG game with beautiful artwork, an amazing sound track and a sassy sword. The gameplay is fairly straight forward and to the point; kill things with your sword and don’t die. As you progress in the game, it becomes more complex as your sword companion grows. The story line is also fairly in depth but simple at the same time. Romantic, enticing and intricate are three words I would use to describe this story that kept me glued to my screen and wanting to play more.It did not take me long to finish the game, as gameplay was extremely intuitive for me. Figuring out what was best for the sword is probably the most difficult thing about this game.If you don't like games with a story that will make you tear up, please don't play this."
,Recommended,237930,10184197,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,S+,"I loved Bastion and I love this game even more.The narrative style is different but still present. The sound track is just as excellent as Bastion's if not more so. The art style is different but just as good. Everything you liked about Bastion is there and just as good, but different.Except the combat. The actual combat itself is brilliant and rewarding, with thousands of possible ability permutations and lacking the feeling that any one combination beats out the others. All the abilities are useful, all of them fun, and all of them let you tackle each fight in a variety of interesting ways.Some people have complained about the combat in this game, but their complaints are quite bluntly bewildering to me. While it does get increasingly challenging, and dying can be frustrating, I never had to redo any one fight more than twice, and the game autosaves often.I have not enjoyed a game this much in a very long time. It is exciting to even talk about. This is Game of the Year - or at the very least the Indie Game of the Year.For $20 you get around 9 hours of singleplayer content that is brilliantly designed, written, and narrated.For $10 you get a soundtrack that is around 1 hour, 9 minutes of excellent videogame soundtrack.In my opinion you do yourself a disservice not purchasing this game."
,Recommended,237930,11514406,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Quavo,Great Game. Once again Super Giant lives up to the hype following Bastion with another innovative game but still sticking to their roots. I love the Soundtrack and the artwork its amazing and looks great. So 10/10 would buy
,Recommended,237930,10261023,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Raffe,"Ooohhhh.... yes, recommended."
,Recommended,237930,13876418,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Miles Teg,"Perfect example of solid game mechanics, amazing soundtrack and an engaging as well as compelling story which may or may not leave you in tears at the end."
76561198049182137,Recommended,237930,13888958,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Supersloth,"Improves on Bastion in pretty much every are including soundtrack, setting, story, and especially combat."
76561198050844497,Recommended,237930,10320220,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Titch,"With its beautifully artistic graphics, its amazingly evocative soundtrack, and its emotional dialogue, Transistor has just topped my list as the most amazing game so far this year. A game has not given me this feeling in a long long time."
,Recommended,237930,28889817,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Reoll,"Gorgeous. Atmospheric. Stunning.It's simply an incredible game, with fun combat and a compelling storyline that will quickly draw you in.Oh, and did I mention how beautiful it is?"
,Recommended,237930,29553230,Posted: 28 January,all,Lúz,"Transistor and Bastion are probably two of the best games I've played for a long time. The amount of work the devs have placed into both of them is absolutely gigantic, creating a game that is polished from back to front.I usually have some nitpicks in every game I play, but Transistor is definitely an exception.The graphics are truly magnificent to the eye. There's detail to every little thing in every level, keeping your eyes in constant appreciation of the artwork in the game. It doesn't get boring not even in the slightest.I think if I ever did buy a soundtrack in my life, it'd be Transistor's soundtrack. The music is incredibly elegant, adding extra feeling to the visuals of the game. These two coupled with the fascinating gameplay clash together into a wonderful mix of ""this game is the best thing I've ever played"" kind of game. The gameplay keeps you on board the game nonstop, never getting you unattached. There's tons of upgrades you can get, lots of synergies with those upgrades, and a whole variety of attacks you can do.Voice acting, just like Bastion, is still at its best in Transistor. It doesn't feel cringey, doesn't feel forced, it's fluent and the remarks they make throughout the game keep you hooked up.Difficulty is a big thing in this game. It starts off simple but when you start progressing, it gradually increases and increases, up to a point where some battles do feel like a true challenge. Just like in Bastion, you can boost up the challenge with certain mechanics that stump some of your abilities, but you get rewarded with extra XP.On sale this game is at $3.99. You'll be missing a masterpiece if you don't get it at this price. Game lasts more than 12 hours and is also highly replayable. I recommend you to get this game for once."
76561198202132677,Recommended,237930,23956477,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,scott.a.mckay,"One of the most impressive visual environments I have seen in a game. The combat mechanics are deep and have just enough challenge to require a few retries. The story is cryptic and melancholy, forcing you to work out what happened gradually as the game progresses. And... for a working bloke such as myself, it is mercifully short, at just around 5-6 hours."
,Recommended,237930,23953830,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Kola2,"This game is like a movie, only 10x better.The graphics looks like many games concept art, which is an incredible achievement! The storyline is wonderfull and the soundtrack is one of the best i've heard in a video game as of yet.As stated by someone else, this isn't a game, this is art.Higly reccomended!"
76561198063822147,Recommended,237930,23957148,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,thehellishgnome,"Cyberpunk RTS with outstanding; story, artstyle, gameplay. All you need in a game."
76561198126388593,Recommended,237930,23953810,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,churays,"Before i knew the game,i like playing Ekko.After playing the game..... Did i mention Ekko?"
,Recommended,237930,23958821,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,TechRunner,I loved This game it was an amazing experience. The story was amazing along with gameplay and the music. I loved the music in it so much. I will recomend anyone to play this game.
76561198223809808,Recommended,237930,23953617,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,drzoerose,"This is by far my favourite game. And my first purchase here. :) Love it.The music, the appearance ... Just perfect ^^"
,Recommended,237930,13596171,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,PUSSYHOUND420,10/10 would have violently rip out my heart and stomp on perpetually for all eternity
,Recommended,237930,13902817,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,pinkslimey,Truly phenomenal. Supergiant owns this style of game.
76561198100772369,Recommended,237930,13904022,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,pegasus_nene,"if you ask anyone who played this game that is it worth it?The answer is YES.It is one of those games that you could sit back and relax while enjoying the simple configuration, soundtrack and the awesome graphics. Definitely a worth playing game"
,Recommended,237930,10258271,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Kexone,This game is beautiful escapism. Just stand where you can see the city and hum.
,Recommended,237930,13830613,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,jaCUBE,Art nouveau/art deco cyberpunk action RPG with perfect soundtrack and visual. There's no other game like this one.
,Recommended,237930,13366540,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,onna,"""Hello, world!""Supergiant did it again. Transistor is even more polished than Bastion, the other famous action RPG from Supergiant Games. The plot and Cloudbank's universe are incredibly rich and detailed, such as the whole art of the game. However, stunning visuals would be nothing without the top-notch soundtrack and voice acting present in Transistor. Everything is blooming with creativity. It's an open-minded game filled with complex and diverse characters, including the fierce and strong female lead. Gameplay is easy to learn and hard to master and the game provides all kinds of challenge so we can get there. The Turn() system adds strategy to the table and makes you really put your brain to work during battles. Transistor is a really unique game that everyone should check out as soon as possible. I already miss Red."
76561198158931962,Recommended,237930,12873984,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Panzerkampfpangolin,This game is beautiful in literally every aspect.
76561198040440857,Recommended,237930,10278053,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Undercover,"Manages to do the impossible and be even more beautiful than Bastion, however, the gameplay suffers slightly for it as parts of the game are left feeling stilted and/or frustrating."
,Recommended,237930,13822066,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,SquarelyCircle,"If you're looking for a game that sets a mood, lets you escape, and has simple but challenging gameplay, you've found it.  If you're familiar with Bastion, you are likely to recognize Supergiant's atmospheric touch in this game.  This game is shorter and has a less fleshed out plot.  Like Bastion, mysteries are left to your imagination, unanswered.  However, the brevity of this game will leave you wishing there were more mysteries to boggle over.The combat is moderately strategic.  If your mood is too specific, you might be disappointed, whether you're looking for simple combat or serious strategy.  It has more of a balance between simplicity and strategy. It's fun for what it is.Replay value is mildly elevated by the New Game+ style recursion mode.Overall, I'd recommend this game.Pros:-The music and other atmospheric elements are exceptional.  Supergiant sets a high standard for game atmosphere.-The main gameplay mechanic is fun and allows for experimentation with the various function (skill/upgrade) combos.Cons:-As stated above, the game is shorter than I'd like (needs more plot points)."
76561198077513546,Recommended,237930,13977417,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,EndinAwe,"Some part of myself changed, and i seem to have gone into an eternal loop reevaluating my life.10/10 i`m gonna get processed."
,Recommended,237930,13977684,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Dr. Moldy,Best game
,Recommended,237930,14039286,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,rektoberfest(),"Perfection()Transistoris easily one of the most beautiful games I have ever played.Georgeous isometric graphic style combined with the incredible art of Jen ZeeAwesome soundtrack by Darren Korb featuring singing and humming by Ashley BarrettGreat story and characters. Some parts of the story are left open to interpretation and give it a lot of replay valueInteresting combat systemDedicated humming button!Transistor is the only game that made me buy its soundtrack / art prints and now I'm even writing my very first steam-review.Seriously, do yourself a favour and play it."
,Recommended,237930,10203231,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,The Digital Chemist,"Fantastic storytelling, beautiful hand drawn world with a very distinctive look and magnificent soundtrack.The function combat system is inovitive and very customizable, with each function being either a weapon, an aumentation or a passive buff depending on how you build your loadout. Combat can be either very easy or very hard depending on how you set up your functions, so be sure to practice with different loadouts at that place you'll find out about when you find it ;)Have really enjoyed this game a lot and just started going through it again on Recursive mode (New Game+ type mode)Obvious comparisons drawn between this and Bastion.... This is a more elegant and you don't perpetually feel like you're going out to a level then back to the hub again, this flows much better and gives access to the hub type area at multiple points along the way giving you a better game flow. The combat systems are very different and I would certainly say it's better played on a pad rether then mouse & keyboard.Anyway, good game and looking forward to more releases from Supergiant Games :)"
,Recommended,237930,13911893,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Perpetrat0r,"Beautiful game, 10/10. I love this art style and the whole concept of the game is just awesome"
,Recommended,237930,13920682,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,PurplG,"There is so much great about this game. The game play is so much fun. You can mix and match your abilities to create a playstyle that you like. Sound track is great. Story is great. I normally don't buy Singleplayer games, much less play through them twice!"
,Recommended,237930,14202738,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Azurehue22,"This game, for me, is a solid 10/10I find it very difficult to get very into games like I used to. My mind is constantly wandering, thinking about mundane adult things and It's hard for a game to hook me in like they used to when I as younger.This game hooked me within the first 5 minutes. The story is amazing; it's not laid out for you page, by page. A lot of it requires inference, and that inference comes from playing the game. It makes you want to explore. It makes you want to learn more. It makes you play, over all.The art style is great. It fits perfectly with the theme of the game, and the music is simply stunning.Seriously, just buy this game. It's pretty short, only took me a few hours to complete, but well worth your money. Buy it with the soundtrack. Give the devs some money. THEY DESERVE IT!"
,Recommended,237930,12742022,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Raddishface,Art  stunningDialouge engagingCombat uniqueMusic emotionalStory amazingThis game is gorgeous
,Recommended,237930,29496813,Posted: 25 January,all,Sofizzle,"I truly enjoyed the graphics, soundtrack, and plot of this game. It's funny, entertaining, addicting, and overall fun. Would highly recommend it to anyone!"
,Recommended,237930,14416266,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Noble Scotsman,"An amazing game with engaging story, mezmerizing music, interesting/dynamic gameplay. What more can i say?Best game of 2014!"
76561198050388107,Recommended,237930,14427502,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,mos5piglet,"The system for combining and modifying attacks really makes this game special. By allowing the player to respec at every checkpoint, the game allows the player to experiment with this system, which is complex and nuanced enough to give satisfying rewards to experimentation. The best combination I've found so far is void() with purge() and crash() as an opening attack. Limiting the total slots available for attacks forces tradeoffs and compromises that make the process of building and rebuilding Red's skill set continually interesting.I've finished one playthrough in about 6 hours completing a fair number of the optional test levels. I'm looking forward to playing a new game with more skills unlocked to allow for more experimentation.The story is mysterious, but enough hints are provided to make it intriguing. The relationship between Red and the Transistor really carries the game, although it doesn't immediately develop.The ability to pause time is a nice inclusion because it allows for a slower, strategic playstyle. I used it for nearly every encounter. Waiting for the cooldown is a drag, but the game thoughtfully allows the player to make tradeoffs to mitigate the cooldown.Lastly, the music and art style are beautifully atmospheric, and I found the voice work solid."
,Recommended,237930,14428504,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,vexon837,"This game was an incredible experience. It played naturally, had just the right amount of challenge, and tells a beautiful and dark story in a beautiful and dark way.Its major flaw is simply being too short. It feels like 2 acts of a 3-act game. It was really not until the credits rolled up the screen that I realized that there was no third act, that the boss was indeed the final one, and that there was nothing left to be done.Why they made this decision, I do not know. This game could have been even more - gone even more deeply into a story more compelling than almost any other. But it was cut short, and that is tragic to see.9/10"
,Recommended,237930,14421162,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Fueled By Ramen,Bastion brought me to this art!!
,Recommended,237930,12753525,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Crispy_D,One of the most beautiful and captivating games i've played. Before you even start you find yourself exploring the scene with your eyes and the game play matches nicely
,Recommended,237930,10985214,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,SKYFUCKER,"What a beautiful, incredible game. Highly recommend for anyone that enjoyed Bastion"
,Recommended,237930,14285344,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Merlin the Tuna,"Bastion is an easy and accurate point of comparison for Transistor; if you like one, you'll probably like the other. But the gameplay here is a lot deeper and richer, so it's worth a look even if you didn't care for Supergiant's previous effort.Similar to Bastion, the story is simple but beautifully presented. The futuristic/maybe-computerized city of Cloudbank is a visually lush setting for monster bashing, and the snippets you find and decipher throughout the game paint a unique portrait of the city's history and the villain's motivations. It's easy to get drawn in, even if, from a player's perspective, you're just running around murdering everything in your path.It probably helps that your rampaging is so enjoyable. Combat is real-time, but you can periodically freeze time to cue up a string of commands as if it were turn-based. That combined with the incredibly flexible system of combining your power-ups into increasingly elaborate attacks opens up a tremendous number of options, both on-the-fly and in terms of your overall playstyle. Want to kite around and chip away at range? You can spec for that. Want to play fully real-time as a bruiser? Sure. Want to mind control everyone into killing each other? Go for it. Run around unleashing monster turn-based combos whenever you can? Yessir.If anything, the biggest problem is that the mechanics are SO flexible that it gets daunting. Thankfully, there are a handful of mechanics that guide you towards new combinations (avoiding the Diablo 3 ""here is a new option that you have no reason to care about"" issue) and, like Bastion, the game's difficulty is rather forgiving but has options for you to increase it on the fly.But bottom line, this is beautiful, enjoyable, and distinct experience that doesn't overstay its welcome. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,237930,10732273,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Azdares,"This game has great graphics, a great soundtrack and a great storyline. I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,237930,14293704,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Kangaxx,"Great art, amazing music, and fun action-RPG-like combat with customizable movesets. All in all a stellar game, I couldn't recommend it more!"
,Recommended,237930,10193901,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,That Makuta ©,"Supergiant does it again.This is a game with:Interesting combatWonderful visual artBeautiful soundtrackA lot of weapon customizationA strange but interesting storyAnd lore that delves deep into the heart of the story.This is different from Bastion. Both Transistor and Bastion are amazing games, however if I had to pick favorites I'd have to choose Transistor. I will be playing it again since it does have New Game+ Mode."
,Recommended,237930,13791473,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,McCrazy,"Where to  begin with Transistor? It is a strikingly beautiful game that goes beyond the conventional bounds of what is typically considered to be standard in the sci-fi game genre. Done in a lush style, Supergiant Games utilizes a vibrant futuristic art-deco style that is as much of a character as the protagonist. Gameplay is similar to that Supergiant's first game, Bastion, with skills naturally being acquired as you level up and allowing you to add limiters to make the game as hard or as easy as you would like. Skills can also be arranged and combined together, allowing for experimentation, as well as unlocking finer details about the world Red, the protagonist, lives in. The story is fantastic and remarkably emotional for a relatively short game. Details are not missed in Transistor, with everything from style to soundtrack being considered and working together to create a truly stunning game."
76561197977294261,Recommended,237930,10922077,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Bananas Ph.D,"What can I say about this game that already hasn't been said. If you liked Bastion, you'll enjoy this. It's not quite as action RPG oriented as Bastion, but the Turn() system is actually really intuitive and easy to pick up. If you enjoyed the narrator from Bastion, he's back as well - though in a role that's a little different, though I think is much better than his previous one. There's also a little less story and immediate exposition given to you this time, you'll have to play around with the different skills (called Functions()) in different slots in order to get some more background and story. With that being said however, I can understand why people wouldn't like this as much as Bastion - it's definitely a different game, not just Bastion with a reskin. However, I highly recommend it if you want beautiful artwork, a wonderful soundtrack, an interesting (if somewhat sparse) story, and a unique take on action RPGs."
76561198009615466,Recommended,237930,10302552,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,dogs?,"Bastion was one of my favorite games, so I was excited coming into Transistor. Transistor fully lived up to all of my expectations, and even surpassed them at points. This game is fantastic, I fully recommend it."
,Recommended,237930,10290744,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,conninator,"I write this after experiencing five hours of pure excellence in game design.Transistor is an absolute beauty. I would go as far as calling it a work of art. The backgrounds and environments are lovely to look at. The music is at times upbeat, at times ambient, but always a joy to listen to. The vocals by Ashley Barrett make me just... melt. The story is told in an interesting way, and you feel like a part of it. I would recommend playing it alone for full immersion.The game's combat mechanics are complex yet simple, allowing two different playstyles. The game can be played like Bastion, with full real-time combat, or you can plan out your moves and execute them all at once using Turn(). (my personal preference.) Functions (the game's moves) can be swapped at any ""Access Point"" and can stack onto other Functions for greater effectiveness.I have extremely enjoyed my time with Transistor. Supergiant Games has hit another home run. Please, support this fine team of game developers and play this game. You will enjoy it very much. I know I have."
,Recommended,237930,11543460,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Praesul Presul,"The short version -- This game is simply amazing. If you have the money buy it now. The Soundtrack is good too.The Long Version -- I absolutely love this game. The gameplay is great, the soundtrack is great, the story is great, NewGame+ is great. I felt engaged at all times, trying to fit the pieces together, reading through the lore, which is also interesting, coming up with new combinations of attacks to do the most damage to the ever more challenging enemies, among other things. This game kept me interested and didn't make me want to kill myself or developers for being too difficult. It was perfect as far as the controls went (I used a controller), and the voice acting was great too. I genuinely loved everything about this game. Something I haven't touched on yet is the truly awesome (awe-inspiring not ""cool"") artwork that this game brings to the table. It gives me goosebumps. Seriously. Buy this game. Weep. Play it again."
76561198039585037,Recommended,237930,10307420,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,flapitz,"Amazing game.  The art direction is beautiful, both in the graphics and the overall design of the game.  Even the music is amazing (so much so that I spent some time just listening to it in the various areas).  All the small attention to details in this game really shine, and help immerse a world unlike many I've seen.  They walk a line between fantasy and technology that is remarkable.  You will find all sorts of tech lingo sprinkled in - in fact your abilities themselves are called ""functions"" and when you pair them with other functions for augmentation, they call them ""subroutines"".The gameplay is also a lot of fun, and highly addicting.  It's a lot like a dungeon crawler in the way the skills work, but the real shining point is the fact that you can plan out your attack tactically using a time-stopping function called ""turn()"", which allows you to setup your next moves and execute them almost instantaneously.  In addition to this, there is a surprising amount of flexibility in the way you can play.  You have 4 slots main abilities, which can be any function, and each of these main abilities can have 2 augmentation functions (again, which can be any function).  In addition, you also have 2 passive slots which can be set to any function.  Depending on the arangement, you get different effects.  This allows you to play however you like - sniping from long range, getting up close and personal, specializing in area of effect, or even charming baddies or summoning allies.Finally, the game flows seamlessly in and out of ""cutscenes"" and actual gameplay beautifully.  The story is told in small, digestable chunks, rather than long winded cutscenes or forcing you to read countless pages of lore to understand what is going on.  The storytelling doesn't feel forced at all, but instead feels really natural.Overall, this game has me hooked, and I highly recommend it for someone looking for something unique and memorable, as well as entertaining and easy to jump into."
,Recommended,237930,12195417,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Stranger,"Incredible! The combat is really fluent and has several angles to go about a fight. The Soundtrack is to DIE for! I bought it almost immediately of beating the game. The artwork is very nice and stylized. The story telling is nice, very well done. I loved every waking minute of this game, nor did I every get ungodly mad at it. It's a little on the short side but I feel that it has enough strengths to really make you happy for every penny you spent."
76561198079996186,Recommended,237930,11237284,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,vanguard_cva,"In a world where Tron meets Fritz Lang's Metropolis, there is a singer who has lost her voice wielding a sword who just found one - the eponymous Transistor. Together they battle a digital menace called The Process in order to...Well, what do they want to achieve actually? See, Transistor provides two challenges for the player: first, fighting The Process and second, actually understanding what is going on. While some people will hate this minimum style story telling, others will embrace it as another challenge to overcome and will find it very compelling.Combat, on the other hand, is much more straightforward, deeply strategic and very rewarding. You gain a number of abilities, each of which may be used by itself as an active attack, as support for another ability or as a passive enhancement to your character. Take Bounce, for example. By itself it is an attack that ricochets off enemies, hitting multiple targets in the process. Add it as support to another ability and now this attack will chain-hit. Assign it as a passive enhancement and it will make enemy attacks bounce off of you. Decisions, decisions...Adding to that is the Turn() sequence, which allows you to pause the game, queue up attacks and actions, and have them executed in bullet-time. Thus, strategy is much more important than good reflexes.Most important about Transistor, however, is that it is art. Not art as in the ""you might lable this as pre-post-retro modernism"" sense. It's art because it's beautiful in every aspect. There is a fundamental aesthetic vision that permeates all elements of the game and strings them together nicely. It just works, and it's gorgeous all the time.That being said, not everything is perfect about Transistor. Gameplay generally feels just a little bit rough. Menus like ability selection are somewhat clunky and Turn() can be hit-or-miss without much explanation. The key mechanic for getting more background info becomes somewhat tedious after novelty wears off, paling significantly in contrast to the Turn() mechanic. Some streamlining might have done wonders, but there are limits for indie companies, of course.Now, Transistor: The Game might have some issues, but Transistor: The Experience is awesome nonetheless. Visuals, soundtrack and voice acting all weave an atmosphere that carries the game over many flaws. What Transistor wants to do, it does really well.Rating: 8/10"
76561198012187180,Recommended,237930,10329228,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,IceFang,"I've been gaming for many years, and it's become very difficult to surprise and impress me.  Every once in a while, though, a game comes along that breaks the mold and offers a unique and refreshing experience.  After getting goosebumps during my encounter with the first boss, I knew that Transistor was one of those games.The enchanting music, surreal visuals, and captivating narration create a wonderful atmosphere for the story of Red, a popular singer who combats ""the process"" while wandering the enigmatic city of Cloudbank.  The satisfying gameplay is unlike anything I've ever experienced before:  a delicate yet harmonious balance of tactical planning and real-time combat.  Customizing Red's intricate skillset is particularly engaging and rewarding, and the player is permitted freedom to mix-and-match skills in a way that suits their own personal play style.In an age where video games are a dime a dozen, it can be so hard to spot the gems amidst the rubbish.  A good friend made this recommendation to me... Now I return the favor to you:  Do NOT miss this gem!"
,Recommended,237930,20245956,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,pirate,"A wonderful RPG. Combat is both Turn()-based and real time, the story is compelling, and the soundtrack is absolutely breathtaking.Playing through for the first time is like slowly discovering your own powers of godhood as you crush each encounter and acquire new abilities or limiters to change the game and suit your playstyle.Starting a New Game+ is where you'll really see the depth of the game. Your enemies will evolve right alongside you, to provide you with increasing challenges; each encounter becoming a wholly unique experience with a randomized set of enemies every time you load the game.It's hard to put into words the joy that comes from planning out a magnificent Turn(), then watching Red swiftly execute it and destroy all of your enemies within seconds.This game is truly a gift to all RPG fans."
,Recommended,237930,20990300,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Nincompoop.EXE,"Transistor might just be one of my favourite games these past 10 years. I can't remember the last time a game kept me playing for 10-12 hours straight. As soon as the game started, the shivers ran down my spine. The narrator, the soundtrack, the graphics and all the questions surrounding what's going on in Cloudbank and soon the battle system - everything is just perfectly executed.The way you get answers to questions in the game is also quite interesting. You can't just rush through the game and think you'll understand what's going on in Cloudbank, you need to spend time to read about characters and the city itself on boards spread around town. It's an interesting way to indulge the player in the life of the city.You might say that I'm not one to talk about a game, ""20 hours isn't that much"", but that's how long it took me to play through the game twice and get all achievements. It's not a long game in comparison to other new titles but if Transistor was stretched out to give more hours, I feel like it would lose what makes it so amazing.Transistor is an experience that I recommend everyone to have, it'll make you feel all kinda amazing feelings."
76561198060888979,Recommended,237930,16499341,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Siiske,"This must be one of the most captivating games I have ever encountered and I totally recommend it to everyone out there. Amazing soundtrack, astounding art direction and a well written story."
,Recommended,237930,21378378,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Fatticus,Beautiful sound and stunning visuals
,Recommended,237930,21508655,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,DrArchon,"Transistor combines a beutiful world, a fantastic soundtrack, and satisfying combat to create a great game held back both by an overly vague story and a lack of things to do.  The game isn't long, which isn't too much of a problem, but I left it wanting more, and not simply new game plus.  I wanted more new enemies, more stories, more boss fights.  If you're fine with a shorter experience, then Transistor is a must-buy.  Hell, if you're fine with a game that relies on new game plus to last a long time, then Transistor is still a must-buy."
76561197994846814,Recommended,237930,21515615,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Nirath,"Easily one of the best games I've played. Loved the combat system used, and since it's Supergiant, the art and music are fantastic. Honestly the only game to really get to me in the past couple of years."
76561197960446959,Recommended,237930,13882092,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,brokenlibrarian,"Gorgeous art direction, fantastic music, great voice work, and some of the most intelligent gameplay in years. Only missing a single thing: skippable cutscenes, which becomes an issue in the ""recursion"" mode where you're replaying through the game. Otherwise, flawless."
,Recommended,237930,21669406,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Sarzy,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LAZ5LDrBqEQ&list=PLp47VywvC3bE-bHp7tLvAk6CHnaTV9_le&index=15Too long; didn't watch -- Transistor has an absolutely captivating sense of style, a memorable upgrade system, and a super fun hybrid of turn-based and real-time combat.  It's one of the best games that I've played in a long, long time."
,Recommended,237930,19284272,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,dicksoft,"Interesting gameplay, nice soundtrack. The possibility of using any skill as man, upgrade, or passive skill gives us freedom to use our skills to match our playstyle.But sadly the navigation is pretty linear and sometimes confusing."
76561198080434830,Recommended,237930,10544299,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Classy Dr. Doggy,"Really solid game, and gameplay. The soundtrack is just amazing, like Bastion, and if you wish you can reaplay it, and it's in my opinion not a waste of time."
,Recommended,237930,13320010,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,uncolober,"From gameplay to aesthetics to delivery, Transistor's all-around great. There is a clever real-time/turn-based action duality that constantly refreshes the experience. Even though I found the latter part of the game somewhat boring and a certain angle on the story silly, otherwise it's just such a thought-out, tasteful and polished experience that I can't help but recommend.I should probably add that I didn't like Bastion."
,Recommended,237930,33087589,Posted: 1 July,all,Baked Alaska,"A divine soundtrack and equaly divine aesthetic feel with regards to the sound design, visual design, and voice acting: this game is just a very atmospheric experience that I very much enjoy. Gameplay is enticing, fun, intuitive, and sometimes thought-provoking at how the different mechanics play off of one another in terms of the story (both on-screen and on-text)"
76561197999940859,Recommended,237930,32968176,Posted: 28 June,all,Lîndt,"This game was stunning.  The visiuals and soundtrack were amazing, the story was great, and the the mechanics were unique in an excellent way.  It was a wonderful experience."
76561198088695470,Recommended,237930,32223332,Posted: 6 June,all,Abstract Boy,"Supergiant Games never cease to amaze and delight.Transistor suceeds in recreating another post-apocalyptic world with the same strengths that were so highly accaimed in Bastion, among which are amazing artwork, music, and voice acting. The gameplay is quite unique as well, and the endless combinations of functions (abilities) encourages experimenting with multiple strategies and finding the one most suited to the player's playstyle. In fact, the player will learn much about Cloudbank's denizens if they experiment, for the residents' backstories are unlocked only when the functions are placed in different ability slots (Active, Upgrade, and Passive slots).Gameplay, however, is not what makes Transistor so compelling. It is the story, the narration, and the experience. If there was one thing that would make this game better, it would be the chance to know more about the city and its people, The Process, and the main characters Red and Blue. Such a beautiful and complex world, yet so little is known about it. The ending came too soon and I was left with a bunch of questions."
,Recommended,237930,32917284,Posted: 28 June,all,wut was i think,Great game.!
76561198121698611,Recommended,237930,33036696,Posted: 30 June,all,✪Mcslurpydoodles™,"this is the first time in several years I've ever been bothered to write a positive review.10/10 story10/10 writing10/10 protag10/10 waifu10/10 music10/10 art10/10 gameplayabsolutely worth every penny, on or off sale"
76561198023254526,Recommended,237930,33061978,Posted: 30 June,all,Deletrix,Simply amazing.
,Recommended,237930,30865223,Posted: 31 March,all,EpicDingo13,"I really really enjoyed Transistor. The story is pretty good. Transistor throws you into the dystopian and high tech city of Cloudbank. The game is narrated by your sword, the Transistor, and your goal in the game is to hunt down a group called the Camerata who brought the city into chaos. You play as Rad, a singer who's voice was stolen. The gameplay is really unique, and it's fun too. You pause the game to plan out how you attack. After you attack, you run around avoiding enemies in real time until you can plan out your next attack. It's probably best to watch some combat if you don't know what it's like. The game stays fresh with the continual implementation of new gameplay and story elements. You also have a very large variety of ways you can customize Red's combat abilities. The game encourages constantly shifting your combat style by rewarding you with extra story for doing so. This prevents the gameplay from getting repetitive due to using the same ability throughout the entire game. The boss battles (while few) are very fun. The soundtrack is also my favorite of any video game!  It reflects the game really well. It also features a few songs with vocal which are very good as well as fitting (in many games, I find songs with vocals can feel out of place). Transistor's art style is incredibly beautiful as well.This game is really strange. The story, gameplay, music, and art style give this game a strangely unique feel. These elements all compliment each other very well.  This weird atmosphere makes Transistor not only unique, but also amazing. Transistor's strange feel is especially clear when you plan out your turn during combat and the music switches to being hummed. Amazing game; buy it!"
,Recommended,237930,26999643,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,It's Joke,"Oh man, this game. The gameplay is amazing, the story is pretty good and I love the soundtrack. Nothing more you could ask for, really. I played Bastion (quite enjoyed that) and was happy to see that Supergiant did just as well here as they did there."
76561198006310957,Recommended,237930,33147118,Posted: 2 July,all,inzane22,"Great music, story, and atmosphere. Although it doesn't feel like there's a ton of narrative choices, the combat system and character builds scream for replay."
76561198080342533,Recommended,237930,32996643,Posted: 29 June,all,Haunt,I like the game
,Recommended,237930,32989149,Posted: 29 June,all,Villermen,"Transistor is a story-driven RPG with a unique combat style. When in an encounter, you can pause the game and plan your moves (up to a certain cost). The planned moves will be executed afterwards pretty much instantaneously. This enables taking a more strategic approach and setting up satisfying combos. The game features pretty, hand-drawn, graphics.You can gear yourself with functions. Functions can be abilities, passives applied to abilities and global passives. Every function can be combined with other functions to have a different effect, so the combat will stay fun as long as you have the mindset to keep changing your kit.The game is pretty fleshed out and definitely worth your time, but there were a few things that I didn't like about it:The game is linear. You move from encounter to encounter with walking and storytelling in between. I don't think a level progression system is really needed in this game, as you gain levels at a pretty much predefined rate. You can choose to do challenges to boost your level, but these are only available in a predetermined amount in specific places. You can enable limiters to gain levels (perks) earlier but you will gain disadvantageous perks. I personally don't think that this is worth it in the slightest, but it helped increase the game difficulty once I noticed that certain combos were just too strong for the enemies to deal with.The planned combat does not account for movement of the enemy in any way, therefore you miss a lot of attacks that initially show as having registered. This was quite frustrating before I noticed what was going on.And then there is one big issue I had with the plot (spoilers):Red's voice is stolen and put into a sword along with some guy by the Camerata. The Camerata release a virus outbreak that they don't control and will destroy the city. The leader of the Camerata helps Red to fix the problem, and then they fight so she can return to the city or something? (The game doesn't really touch why they have to fight.) Once back in the city, instead of fixing it, Red commits suicide with the sword to also get trapped in there with the guy in the sword she is now in love with.Why does Red go through the hassle of exacting revenge when she's going to kill herself anyway? The game tries hard to give the player a motive to continue: Destroying the Camerata and fixing the city. Only half of those issues is touched in the game, and I feel like the game just ended halfway through plot-wise.I just couldn't get into the plot, which I think is pretty important for RPGs."
,Recommended,237930,14042951,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Colors21,"This game is amazing. The music and gameplay are exactly what I had hoped and I played it until there was nothing left for me, which took ~15 or 16 hours. (results may vary.) In the end, I believe this game to be one of my favorites of all time if only for the way the music fits perfectly with the mood of every area you visit. I would rate this game 10/10, and wish only that there was more to experience."
,Recommended,237930,15659479,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,SailorNyanKat,"For those who aren't super into the turn based style of RPGs, Transistor offers an interesting and fresh take. Gameplay is solid overall (with a slight learning curve) and, like Supergiant Game's other title Bastion, the game is absolutely gorgeous and has a wonderful soundtrack. There isn't much in the way of replayability, but if you're looking for a solid RPG with an interesting sci fi futuristic setting, you can't go wrong with this tale of the ""lady with no voice and gent without a body""."
,Recommended,237930,19883724,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,NarbiusTheGreat,"This game is just... great. Difficult... Frustrating... Replayable... Intriguing Story... Flawless Voice Overs... Soothing music... Unique Battle System... And so much more. If you enjoyed Bastion, you will likely enjoy this game too. I haven't encountered any glitches or problems with the game.Just buy it. You won't regret that decision."
,Recommended,237930,22300289,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Claudriel,"Just, how a game can be this wondereful, meaningful and heart-breaking? This game, literally changed my life. It means a lot to me. And I know, it will also mean a lot to you too. Speaking honest, this is the most wonderful game in my whole life. Give it a shot, you won't regret it a single bit. Plus, this was the first (yes, first) and only time I cried after a game's ending. It will always have a special part in my heart."
76561198078226608,Recommended,237930,14282493,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,tbgncc1701,Fantastic game. The music is what stays with me.9.5/10
,Recommended,237930,10983830,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Velantu,"I was very excited to play this game, as I believe Bastion to be a great game, but I have yet to get the game to work for me. Supposedly a good game, and I hope Supergiant games support responds so I can fix and play it, but until then I am less than impressed due to the volume of similar complaints.Edit: The game has begun to work and I love the gameplay. Very short but the strategy aspect is fun, if it is on sale I would most certainly recommend the purchase."
76561197975981996,Recommended,237930,10187817,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,ExDrT,"Fun, fast, energetic game with a good soundtrack , beutifull artwork and solid mechanics. So far worth every cent since i ussually compare if it was worth it by investment/fun ratio and trust me this is tons of fun. Even the side chalanges and the backroom are cool and enjoyeble. It has its downs ofcourse but i find them so minor that i cant even remember :)Recomended for everyone."
,Recommended,237930,16700897,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,☭КомпотПапа☭,"One of the BEST games I have ever played. You have a mech-dog, control a drunk sword in which is your beloved husband and you fight monsters named processes. The soundtrack is outstanding, the scenery is magical and no matter the game duration I would play it again and again because every time I play it I discover something different.BRAVO to Supergiant Games!The end had me crying, wish it could be something else...10/10"
76561198079747060,Recommended,237930,24742375,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,SiGun,"Remarkable....the word i would use to describe this game.The artwork , the music, the mechanics, the huge variety of abilities, and it only get´s better as you play but the most important for me are the inumerous little details that is possible to find in the game.One of my favourites, no doubt."
76561198044351209,Recommended,237930,33161383,Posted: 2 July,all,igy234®,nice game lol.
,Recommended,237930,13811990,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,jkb8 [jedder],best game i played in a long time
,Recommended,237930,19200523,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,F-0013,"The most helpful and positive reviews have described what I have in mind towards Transistor. So I'm just gonna put my little comments. :)- Great storylineThe style of how the story unfolds is very creative and unique in my opinion. Can't help but getting intrigued to learn more as the adventure goes.- Beautiful artworksYou can take a screenshot practically at any point of time (especially cutscenes) in the game, frame them, and it can be a beautiful piece of art.- The music truly sets moodI quickly fall in love with the tracks and without me realizing, I was humming along.I wouldn't believe if you never once let go your gamepad/keyboard and just sit back and enjoy the music....or close your eyes, hold that 'Hum' button for while. Listen to that sweet humming.- Very neat battle system/mechanics.The planning is very essential and I like how the game gives us the freedom to manage on how we want to fight the enemies.It takes a little while to get used to the combat system, but as soon as you got a good grasp of it, it becomes one enjoyable thing to do in the game. As your character grows with more abilities, the combinations widen and you just can't wait to try them out in the next battle.It has been a while since I last experienced a game that made me so drawn into it. This game is truly amazing in its entirety.If you loved Bastion, I'm sure you will love Transistor too, if not even more.Truly recommend this game.  5/5 stars!Thank you for the masterpiece, Supergiant Games!"
,Recommended,237930,14137441,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,DigitalDEAD,"This game is really good. Good story, and the gameplay is on eof the best for ""turnish"" based combat. Graphics are a really cool style as well. Highly recomend!"
,Recommended,237930,10739224,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,blazeroni,This is what the Diablo 3 skill system should have been.  Really fun and allows for a lot of experimentation.
,Recommended,237930,33159709,Posted: 2 July,all,★ Baku!,Amazing game with cool customizable powers and excelent soundtrack
76561198202297664,Recommended,237930,20050605,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Hickit,"Amazing game. You need this game. It is a must have.Edited 7/5/2017:It has been a while since I wrote this review for this amazing game. I have played numerous games since this review. I have to say that Transistor still holds a a special place in my steam library for being one of my favorite games of all time. Transistor is an absolutely astounding game and everyone should give it a try. Transistor is around three dollars during steam sales so that would be a great time to pick it up. Transistor is easily worth the three dollars it costs during a steam sale. Hell, id even pay $60 for the game I love it so much."
,Recommended,237930,32736005,Posted: 24 June,all,Clarity,One of the most exciting games with perfect soundtrack.
76561197969214657,Recommended,237930,10193971,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Scaph,It's from the makers of Bastion...
76561198010008922,Recommended,237930,33303496,Posted: 6 July,all,Donimbatron,"A satisfying one sitting playthrough. Amazing music / gameplay / indirect storytelling / visuals. Definitely make it more difficult for yourself by using delimiters. A 100% recommended purchase if you fancy strategic combat, or regardless if it's in sale.After completing it in 7 - 8 hours a replay is guaranteed, not having fiddled with all possible skillsets or fully understood the story yet."
76561198124175956,Recommended,237930,33334956,Posted: 6 July,all,Little_Red,"Transistor was an amazing experience of a game. It is one of those few games I wish I could forget everything about and play through it all over again. To start, the soundtrack and voice acting are amazingly done and allow the player to immerse themselves as they play. The combat style is a unique mixture of build strategies mixed with planning your turns as you run and fight with enemies. The storyline is great and has a lot to offer for a player that loves to dig through the backstory of the city and characters. All this in mind, it is a short game, but allows the player to do multiple run throughs while maintaining their previous skills. I enjoy this aspect because it let's me uncover more of the story and earn more abilities. Overall, it is a visually stunning game that has a lot to offer."
,Recommended,237930,33333019,Posted: 6 July,all,Inuzat,"Another masterpiece by Supergiant Games. Although the story could be difficult to follow at times, everything else was well executed.The combat felt good with many different builds to play around with and the battles did not feel too grindy. The game is relatively short, (about 5-9 hours) but it keeps you engaged the whole time.The music is memorable and overall atmosphere was very immersive.Overall I would recommend this game to anyone looking for a great single player experience"
,Recommended,237930,33384982,Posted: 8 July,all,Cap'n Potato,"9/10Great game.The graphics are great and it is pretty easy to run.The gameplay is somewhat repetitive, but you can very easily change your playstyle by picking different 'functions' (abilities). You are also forced to do this when you run out of health. The game doesn't have a difficulty setting, but you can choose your own difficulty while playing by using limiters. These make the fights harder by giving the enemy advantages. The more of these limiters you have enabled, the faster you level up.The story is pretty good, but it does require a lot of reading and swapping of playstyles to understand fully. (When you pick different functions, bits of the story are unlocked.)The soundtrack is absolutely amazing.Even though this game is quite short (I completed the story in 6 hours), you can still keep playing after you finish the story. You start at the beginning of the story again, but you will keep all of your unlocks and player level and fight stronger enemies."
,Recommended,237930,17705293,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,SexyTortillaz,"I absolutly love this game, I have had it on my phone for a while and in this time I have been wanting to buy it for PC. It has a great story and awesome gameplay 10/10 would buy 100 times again."
76561198093425804,Recommended,237930,33125734,Posted: 2 July,all,Red Pony,"TL;DR Version: 8/10Long version:Pros:*beautiful game*nice soundtrack*voiceacting is very ok*Story is ok*Backdoor challenges are fun*nice extrasCons:*Game isnt challenging, even with hightened difficulty its just average try and error.*Weapons have a lot of variety, but not a lot of functions. They're basically not chosen strategically, but more to your  taste, what dampens the strategic depth of the game*combat feels somewhat clunky, very few enemies*while the environments are pure eyecandy, it seems like they are designed to cover the fact that they are void of any real purpose. it doesnt feel immersive.This game's setting, what can be called something along the lines of cyberspace dystopia, could have been so much more. This game misses worldbuilding, better combat and real characters apart from that never-shuts-his-mouth sword.If you want a pretty game with meh combat and story, this is for you."
,Recommended,237930,22495387,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,~VertiGo~,I have to say I fell in love with this game from the start. maybe because I love female protagonist games! :D
,Recommended,237930,24716396,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,kerred,"Recommended for fans of Bastion, and for those who like to experiment with combat systems.100% achievement completion.Its a lovely little game, easy on the eyes, pleasing on the ears, and gives a good sense of satisfaction when you pull off what you feel are the best moves.  You may rely on a dominant strategy in tthe late game, but the game tries really hard to get you to try new combos to mix things up.You will probably find yourself consulting wikis story wise, as flavor text and subtle lines require payiing a lot of attention to."
76561198091071173,Recommended,237930,24722093,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Destruct,"I played it, it was great. I started playing expecting a relativley easy game. Its not, at least with limiters on.The soundtrack: Nice, really good. I would recommend it just because of the soundtrack.Combat/boss fights: The regular combat is interesting. You get turns to pull out crazy combos and wipe out enemies. The Boss fights doe. The first boss fight we REALLY GOOD, and so was the Second and the last. I won't reveal much of them though. Just trust me, the boss fights are good.Graphics: Looks really nice, probably better on a high quality computer. (My computer isn't the best)Story: I am pretty sure that there is only one story line even though you are given multiple choices. The ending is just right (insert meme here)/Overall:I am not very good at being a critic, but it is a 9/10. Worth getting on the sale or just regularly."
,Recommended,237930,33481741,Posted: 12 July,all,Saif258,One of the best games i have ever playedMusic in this game is amazingRPG style indie game with TURN BASED combatARTSTYLE is pleasing to eyesWhat not to love was no native 1440p or 4k supportBut there are ways around it on sweet internetstill it doesnt stop me from loving it:heyred:
76561198015196857,Recommended,237930,26967808,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Delmuertos,"Almost a year later, I can still hear the ambient sounds when I find this game in my steam library. This is one of the best examples of immersive cinematic experience and thought-provoking strategy based combat."
,Recommended,237930,11240887,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,The Valkyrie's Protector,"Cool Game Beautifull But I Think It Would Be Cool With Coop,Multiplayer"
,Recommended,237930,11047034,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Dep,100% RecommendedBeautiful game with a plot that I cannot discribe without spoiling it in some way. If someone says that a game cannot tell a good story refer them to this game.
,Recommended,237930,12976049,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,aeirdnom,"Transistor is a fantastic game with a touching story and a beautiful soundtrack. It's a bit easier than Supergiant's previous game, Bastion, but that's just fine. The new gameplay is interesting, and makes for some decent strategy elements. It is easily one of my favorite games, and makes me continue to look forward to whatever Supergiant makes next."
76561198171413858,Recommended,237930,23683884,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,JulietCee,"This is not just a game, this is a work of art. It's a masterpiece.Transistor is visually stunning, the story is captivating, I love the combat system, the music is amazing and it will make you cry like a baby.10/10"
,Recommended,237930,25218988,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,natcrock,"Amazing story, solid atmosphere, beautiful sooundtrack and interesting game play."
76561197993335067,Recommended,237930,24616266,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Rosco,"I havent had chance to complete this yet! but this game has a very unique story to it , the more you play the more of the story will be told to you . The Fighting is exceptional and you get to unlock some pretty unique moves that can be combined with other moves to make it even more awesome . There are some mini games where you can test your skills and abilitys , even a damage one where you need to kill robots to get the highest damage score .The best thing is the sword talks to you and gives you either advice or a witty joke in his no emotion like accent . As i say though , I havent had chance to complete this game yet , but it is a pretty cool game worth trying :DCheck out my Youtube Videohttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-BvtToTffqE"
,Recommended,237930,11501913,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,SanitizeR,Epic gameplay and quality story - always trust in t3h supergiant games.
76561198058692704,Recommended,237930,11509741,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Scound,"Amazing story, Amazing sound track, Amazing gameplay.... Amazing game!!"
76561198035440477,Recommended,237930,11513560,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,fortisvita,This game is simply mind-blowing. It looks and sounds great. Has an excellent film-noir feeling throughout the game. Flexibility and variety in combat is awesome to play around. Incredible!
76561197992339893,Recommended,237930,11516277,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Jessmiester,"Beatuiful environments, incredible music, and engaging gameplay. Well worth it!"
,Recommended,237930,11516733,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,emnii,"Transistor is staggeringly beautiful. All of the art, the setting, the music, the writing, all of it. It's also a pretty big departure from Bastion, which was made by the same developers. Yes, it's the same perspective, and there's an ever-present narrator, and the protagonist is mute, and you can increase the difficulty in a piecemeal fashion. The similarities end there. While you can play Transistor like an action game, it really requires more strategy than that. It has an active-pause system, where you can pause the action, plot out a set number of attacks or movements, and then unpause to see the results. The main loop ends up being pause, attack, run, which leads to a lot of guerilla tactics, more than straight out blasting enemies.The ability system is also super interesting. Every ability, whether it's a straight attack, or a cloak, or a bomb, can be used as-is, attached to another ability to lend it different qualities, or set as a passive bonus to yourself. This leads to a ton of combinations of attacks. Some work better than others, but they all feel unique. The limits to the system is that each ability has a memory requirement, and you have a memory limit. So you can stack up on a couple heavy hitters, but you limit yourself to a small number of attacks or bonuses. Likewise, you can have a full complement of attacks and bonuses, but you'll be lacking the most powerful of them.The one complaint I have is that the story is less straight forward than most video games. That doesn't mean it has a bad story, or that it's incomprehensible. It just takes more attention to the details than most. By the end, you'll probably get the gist of it, but expect to be a little disoriented."
76561197963925371,Recommended,237930,10191700,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,MadSkullz,"One of those games which blurs art and gaming; it does it skillfully and with grace, so I can only recommend you buy this.Very, very enjoyable."
76561198047040621,Recommended,237930,10249323,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,SuaveSausageDog,"10/10 The game does everything it sets out to do. All aspects of it are artistic, from the visuals, sound, gameplay and plot. Clever design throughout in many novel ways. I have no criticisms and I have been critiquing games for decades"
,Recommended,237930,10330838,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,RoyalRaspberry,"I can't recommend this game more - SuperGiant has combined fantastic story telling, wonderful characters, beautiful graphics, and spectacular music (really, buy the soundtrack too along with the game). It's a short story - realistically you can sit down and finish it in a single day - but like Bastion, it's an emotional touching story and the game has excellent replayability.  Transistor has easily become one of my absolute favorite games."
76561198005926194,Recommended,237930,10294322,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Admiral Octane Syrup,"Another great title from Supergiant Games!You never get tried of the great narration of their stories. Immersive and overly complete, those who have loved Bastion will definetely enjoy Transistor as well. Logan Cunningham sets the tone once again in a gameplay mechanic that brings sparkles to your eyes, as you figure out endless ways of synergizing your abilities.The game offers a challenging and enjoyable experience, although, as for Bastion, it lacks depth. You will eventually get bored at replaying the same story over and over, even though it offers many ways to vary and challenge your ever more experienced self. Definetely worth the purchase, every cent."
,Recommended,237930,10212721,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Joe,"Tranistor is an overall great game with intresting gameplay, AMAZING music, and BEAUTFIUL settings. However, it falls short from being a classic, due to a lack of polish on the UI and gameplay, story pacing is not the best, and gameplay becoming more repetetive and stagnant as the game progresses.PROS+Great voicework as always from Logan Cunningham. I enjoyed his performance here more than Bastion.+Good character interaction between Red and Transistor.+Interesting take on strategic and action gameplay.+Breathtaking music tracks and artstyleCONS-The story in certain section has worse pacing than others.-Switching functions(game abilities) is not intuitive and could use more work.-Certain abilites are too strong or take precedence over other abilites.-The stories ""climax"" comes up a little short and is disappointing."
76561198015426118,Recommended,237930,10223480,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,omair,"Tremendous!You'll notice that it feels like Bastion, yet there is a great amount of innovations. Like the combat of course! The combat in Bastion had some neat variety in it which was fun. But here the developers took it even further, way further. There is so much combinations to try out and so much ways to use them. Very enjoyable. If you're tired of single-button-mashing style combat in other games, you're going to love this!It's also pleasant to look at. Art style is nice and colorful, yet dark and subtle and it suits the theme very well. The soundtrack is awesome too, matches the art style. And I didn't even mention ""The Sword of Logan Cunningham"".Anyway, I had great fun with this game :) So, do you want to play the Transistor? Think about it. Standing offer."
,Recommended,237930,10213677,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Denbowski,"Transistor has a simple - yet deep - battle system. While linear, the game never felt like a chore because of this. I would call this more of a strategic action RPG. The gameplay will have me playing through multiple times.The art and music speak for themselves. Supergiant Games nailed it with this one."
76561198003279995,Recommended,237930,10410069,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Mordax Praetorian,"You play as a pop star who has had her voice stolen, you wield a massive sword inhabited by the soul of your boyfriend, most of the abilities are actually dead people and your best friend is a space barIt's the sort of concept that only Supergiant could pull off and they do so stunninglyApart from the far out plot it has:-Unique gameplay-Incredibly deep customisation-Superb mood driven by fitting visuals, great soundtrack and Logan Cunningham's voice-More programming puns than a commedian's code commentsA touch on the short side, but very hard to fault other than that"
,Recommended,237930,10455892,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Dusty Day,"I absolutely LOVE the artwork for this game, the music and the play."
,Recommended,237930,13045647,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Jess,Beautiful game. The artwork and soundtrack are amazing. The gameplay and plot's pretty good too. I recommend it if you like indie games or just wanting to try out something new.
,Recommended,237930,10512554,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Corcii,"Really enjoyed the game. It has a beautiful art-style and the soundtrack is just what you'd expect from SuperGiant. It has a nice combat system, but that is the main mechanic, so if you do not enjoy the real-time/turn-based fighting system this game might not be for you.It's also pretty short, so if you're looking for a really long game, unless you're willing to do multiple NG+ you might want to look elsewhere."
,Recommended,237930,11419937,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,vwolfman,That is one beautiful game!
,Recommended,237930,10188715,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,DeskCompensation,"There is many reason why this game is good. Starting from a variable but almost perfect gameplay of RTS and Turn Based gameplay, to it awe-inspiring soundtrack and immensive story. It is a great game. 9.5/10P.S. this game will win soundtrack of the year for a video game. It is that good"
,Recommended,237930,10190026,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Gerry,"This game met the expectations beset by Bastion: better combat, the same great narration we have come to expect from the likes of Logan Cunningham, the amazing music provided by Ashely Barrett and Darren Korb, and a high-calliber story to boot.But, comparisons invited need adressing:-The story is different, but not in a bad way, because it is an entirely different story: Bastion was more of a world-focused, mini-epic, and Transistor is closer to a film noir. It is more of a personal journey of the titular character Red, and the voice trapped in the Transistor. I still feel that there are some themes(especially towards the end) that seem a bit similar to Bastion, but on the whole, it is a different story. It is still great, especially if you can enjoy something nuanced.-The combat is a bit heavy to begin with, but it is a joy to experiment with. It is built in such a way that you can employ any strategy you wish to, without making the game too easy or too hard: I often found myself using Jaunt(a dodge/dash move) as my primary damage output, and I wasn't punished for it, which is nice. I still think that whilst its preferrable to utilise the Turn() mechanic, it is entirely possible to use only the real time part of the combat. There are enough cooldown modifying abilities that you could unleash entire barrages at the enemy without having to go into Turn().Aside from that, well the music is a bit more cyber-punk, as goes with the setting, but it did satisfy me more than Bastion's soundtrack. However, that is due to my own preferences in music. The art style is still as gorgeous as it was before, and the enemy design and variation are also pretty good.Overall, it is definitely worth your time: it improved in Bastion in its gameplay, the story is brilliant, and everything else is of the same(if not greater) standard than the studio's previous title. It is well worth the asking price, because it is that damn good."
,Recommended,237930,10318524,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Pope Admiral,You should buy this game. Then beat this game. Then recommend this game.
76561198027862901,Recommended,237930,10196347,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,SATown,Amazing.
,Recommended,237930,10203907,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,.weiv,good!
,Recommended,237930,10210291,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Scrat,"This is the next game from SuperGiant Games; the developers of Bastion. The art style and music are incredibly similar in the two, but the gameplay is very different. Transistor feels like a character action game mixed with an RPG. With infinite combinations of different movesets Transistor will keep you playing although the story mode is only 6 hours. A New Game+ brings new challenge to the game allowing you to restart with harder enemies, but keeping your current levels allows for at least a second playthrough. The side challenges add time too they are difficult, but not frustrating and feel very rewarding when you finish them. The music and art is beautiful and the story is told to you through not only plot, but exploration as well. Transistor is a sold 8.5 out of 10 and deserves a twenty (or thirty for the amazing soundtrack) dollar purchase."
,Recommended,237930,10213187,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,EmptyEncore,Amazing()
,Recommended,237930,10244284,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,ツ me2tal ツ,"Short, but good"
,Recommended,237930,10247151,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Koda,"this is the one of the first games I've actually poured down so many feelings  and enjoyed every second of the game the art the music and the narrator voice, it had the best story twist the best music and the best level design and the best fighting mechanics, this is the game that you will miss out so much if you don't play it.<3"
,Recommended,237930,10257191,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,sara-hime,"RATING: 9/10Absolutely stunning visuals and interesting combat style. Personally, I haven't played Bastion so I did not know what to expect - but I was wow'd! The benefit of this playstyle is that it really allows you to plan your moves, learn your abilities for a speedier play through. This is not just a simple hack and slash game!The narration wasn't over bearing, Logan Cunningham was an absolute pleasure to listen to. What's more, even without constant chatter between comrades, you could get a real feel for the characters emotions towards eachother, as well as an overall sense of Red's character.The storyline was enthralling, and you're glued to the computer screen to play this through. I finished in 10 hours (because I enjoy small things) but you could finish it in less. Without giving too much away, I would say the ONLY minor con to this game was the lack of boss fights."
,Recommended,237930,10586785,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Pagemaster,"I fell in love with a USB Greatsword.Transistor is one of a kind. The narrator from Bastion is back with his sultry voice commentating and ever so slightly guiding you along this broken story about a girl, Red, who lost her voice in a futuristic, neon lit gorgeously drawn city.The Good-The customization of your spells is near endless. You have 4 attack spells total on screen. Each can be customized with two other spells. Your character has 4 passive spells. Every move can be placed in any slot and within every slot is a different ability for that spell. 10/10 on customization.The artstyle keeps you hooked.The narrator is, as always, fantastic. If you enjoyed him in Bastion, Transistor is no different.The Bad-The story is short and linear. But hey, it's almost not even noticeable since you spend so much time customizing your layout and mapping out your battlefield.I highly recommend this game to any fan of Bastion and any fan of Turn-based strategy games. I hope to see more done with this game in the future"
,Recommended,237930,10672892,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Basikilos,"A very nice game.  Storyline was good, though I was a little disappointed when I compared this to Bastion.  Still definitely worth getting."
,Recommended,237930,10509771,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Eph,"Beautifully executed game. Combines a 1920s theme and a future technology theme that blend together almost perfectly, and is can be seen throughout the game in the numerous splash artworks that are found as you go. The voice actor for the transistor, personally, has the mode captivating voice I have ever heard since Rucks from Bastion. The combat system in the game is well done, and the various abilities and combinations allow for different types of gameplay. It's somewhat of a real-time, yet turn-based method, where you can basically stop time to plan out your attacks. Once you have completed attacking, you must survive the next few seconds until you have a chance to stop time again. The storyline itself is understood as a love story from the beginning, with a tragic end. The music in the game is atmospheric and soothing, and the soft, muffled humming that can be heard in-between turns is possibly my favorite part of the game. I'm hope that they will release a Transistor announcer for Dota 2, because the Transistor's voice is sublime.10/10, would recommend to anyone."
,Recommended,237930,11245058,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Bobinsky,"10/10♥♥♥♥ing fantastic.Amazing artstyle, great music. Only bad thing about the game is that its pretty short."
,Recommended,237930,11308993,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Bin,"It's amazing. If you liked Bastion, you'll like this."
,Recommended,237930,11507936,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,-Makolicious,"Stunning visuals, unique narration and beatiful soundtracks. I could listen to ""In Circles"" for hours. In love with this game so far"
,Recommended,237930,11521027,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Sazar,"This is an amazing game, and an excellent soundtrack. Play multiple playthroughs to get more and more of the story, and keep levelling up your weapons."
76561198056070413,Recommended,237930,13683140,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Amazing Grace,"Isn't it wonderful how game can be masterpiece of art at the same time? Gracefully narrated story with beautiful level-desing, manifold and various combat style, perfect artworks and magnificent soundtrack. I like idea of planning turns instead of simple hack-and-slash mechanics. Tragic plot about silent lady and incorporeal man in dying futuristic city made me drown in thoughts and tears. Behind the game there is a lot of difficult questions of love and public benefit and innovations and self-sacrifice and not-so-far-future to think about. Story tells itself very softly so be careful and don't miss even smallest parts of it because this game worth your time and your rapt attenion."
,Recommended,237930,13695399,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Seyto Lichtbringer,"Awesome Game! One of the best soundtracks i have ever heared, an amazing visual style and great game mechanics. 10/10"
76561198006169257,Recommended,237930,10195966,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,E4GLEyE,"Unique game ... it is a top down ""action"" rpg but it has such depth in combat system/leveling gearing mixing the abilities... its just really outsanding and something i was not expecting to get.The story is ... a bit confusing at first but man it goes deep and its kinda in your face not your regular cliche story.It has a few twists and turns that hit me hard.If you like RPG's or in general looking for something new in the video game industry then definietly go for Transistor... this is one game that will be remembered for a long time :)i hope to see more like this in the future"
,Recommended,237930,10305700,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Rumi,"Interesting story/setting.  Combat plays more like a puzzle, with the puzzle being as hard as you decide to make it using optional settings (limiters) you gain through the game.  Single playthrough took me 8 hours, but you get the option for a NG+ that also changes the dialogue you experience the second time through; which gives another perspective on the narrative.  As expected from Supergiant, the art and soundtrack are excellent.  The game at times can feel like walking through the work of Gustav Klimt.  The soundtrack is a largely ambient set of aucoutic guitars and subtle electronic puncutated by vocal hums.  The game also features a couple full tracks with lovely lyrics.The negatives for me were related to the amount of menu activity.  Pieces of backstory and character information are hidden in skills you use, and using the skills in different ways unlocks more of that information.  In order to change how your skills are arranged (to use them differently), you have to visit a menu and shuffle things around between most combat sequences.  It's not a big deal, but slows down the feel of progression and the pace of your play.  It feels tedius.  Granted, you could skip the unlocking of this information and stick to a skill arrangement your comfortable with.  Additionally, some skill arrangements work better for some fights than others, and you don't have any way to predict what the next fight will be, so you usually have to fail the combat sequence to go readjust for the fight.When you're out of the menu's and fighting, you do appreciate the maleability of the skills.  Using any single skill as either an active, augmenting, or passive ability and over a dozen skills, you can create what feels like an endlessly diverse series of offensive arrangments.  Really cool.Overall, a very positive experience.  Definitely worth the $19.99 price tag on release."
,Recommended,237930,11294087,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Nall,It's a good game. It's good.
76561198008580123,Recommended,237930,28162155,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,PRAVEMI,"Honestly... I was expecting some game like a Bastion. And Transistor is like a Bastion... a very good game with interesting original story and excellent soundtrack; just press TAB in a game and haroine will start a humm : ) to the music!...and I can't forgot, this game have REALLY AWESOME fight system. Partly real-time, partly turn-based.Simply, You stop the time. Plan your moves, attacks, evasions, corruption of enemies, etc.Then You press a space and your turn is executed within a second. But... after that You have to wait for your turn again (but in the real time). It is like you combined chess, when your opponent have turn after You, but you can still move too.+ it is really good that every skill which You've found can have three functions:Main skill, support skill, passive skill = and its only up to You how you will mix themSo don't wait and try this game. It is really good!"
,Recommended,237930,10877034,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Colt,"I don't review many games, but Transistor, much like SuperGiant's previous title, Bastion, exceeded my expectations on all fronts.This game is a tremendously soulful piece of work, and from the very start to the very end, is first and foremost a work of art. The music, narration, artistic style and presentation flow together in a way that I would probably say outclasses almost any other game i've played. Anyone with a quibble of curiousity and a penchant for great games, or even works of art, should immediately purchase Transistor (AND Bastion) and enjoy the ride.To touch on the gameplay itself, the combat is inventive and blends several previously done elements (pseudo-turn based combat, action queues, tactical-execution-based combat) into a pretty seamless and enjoyable experience. It is two parts arcade, one part strategic pause-and-think game. It remains fresh and has a lot of room for player creativity due to the openly configurable nature of abilities acquired throughout the game.What follows are some brief pros/cons:Pros:+Incredible Art. From music to artwork, this entire game is a masterpiece.+Gameplay. The combat remains fresh, enjoyable, and creative all the way through.+Difficulty.  Like bastion, difficulty is born of modifiers you can apply to enemies, which give you bonuses for being brave.+Storyline.  Again, this is a work of art and the storyline is rich, heartfelt, and incredibly immersive.+Soundtrack.  Incredible, as usual.Cons:-Length.   The game itself isn't that long, although there are excuses to re-play the game with new conditions and toy around with the combat some more.That's really all I can see anyone really griping about with this game.In total, I'd give Transistor a 9.5/10, as one of the most absolutely awesome pieces of work i've seen in terms of gaming. It isn't a triple-A 40 hour experience... but it's an incredibly rich, artistic romp through an engaging and incredibly envisioned city of Cloudbank.9.5/10-Colt"
76561198017744565,Recommended,237930,10421984,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,autumn-bee,"Absolutely brilliant.The soundtrack, story and characters(as few as there were) could have made a visual novel all on its own but Transistor tops it all off by having an amazing and permutable battle system. Not even counting the special Turn() based strategic battling, the sheer number of choices, combinations and OPTIONS you have to battle is insanely staggering.You can pick 4 actives, 2 upgrades per active, and 4 passive abilities. With a total of 16 different choices to slot into any of those. The numbers seem 'small' but doing a bit of math on this and I realize I can't properly account for all the situations and duplicate abilities you can also have later on. Not only that, but the order of the abilities even matters for some cases, amplifying or accidentally nullifying what you're trying to do.The amount of ways you can tailor your skills, number in the hundred thousands, if not the millions and that's not even including your own personal playstyle, timing and strategies. This is a game that rivals many others in sheer options of battle choices while maintaining a subtle yet engaging storyline.I can honestly say I felt this game was a true masterpiece, battle, story, art, soundtrack, replayability. God damn."
,Recommended,237930,10891336,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,OhShesARoe,"This game manages to both feel like a work of art and an exciting, interesting action RPG at the same time.  Gameplay is highly customizable with several powers and power combinations to choose from.  There's both a strategy and a real-time element to combat, which works well with the game as a whole.The soundtrack is in a class of it's own. AMAZING doesn't even begin to describe it; in my opinion, it is better than Bastion's, which is saying a lot.Literally my only complaint about this game is that it feels too short, even assuming multiple playthroughs.The bottom line for me is this: if you like video games and have even an iota of appreciation of them as an art form, you should own this game!"
,Recommended,237930,10955844,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Trothael,"If you loved Bastion, you'll love Transistor. If you haven't played Bastion, or Transistor, then you're missing out."
,Recommended,237930,13277180,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,My Neighbor Totoro,Good.
,Recommended,237930,12977470,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Maderero,"I have completed this game twice, 100% achievements unlocked, nearly 24 hours of gameplay, and I would definitely recommend this game to anyone that likes indie.Great Features:The setting is gorgeous. The artists of this game have incorporated a beautiful array of colors, making it pleasing to the eye.The calming music in the background in contrast to the explosiveness of the combat in the foreground make for a pleasant visual and sound combination.The combat mechanics are interesting. It is a mixture of turn based and live combat.Plenty of ""sidequests"" to engage in if you need a break from the main storyline.Where it Falls Short:I feel the story is lacking a bit of flare. I won't go into extreme detail so I don't ruin it for anyone else. I just feel that there could have beenmore.There isn't much replayability. After completing the game for a second time to check off the last achievement, I do not feel any need to come back and play. Maybe one day, if the internet is out I'll revisit Transistor for some nostalgia and feels.Overall Rating: 7.5 / 10Thanks for reading."
,Recommended,237930,13414898,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,fimble,"Awesome story, gameplay, and soundtrack."
,Recommended,237930,10342140,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,RonnyChan,11/10 GOTY
,Recommended,237930,10190455,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Aniqiewan,"This isnt just a game... this is an experience.Love the art, love the music, love the gameplay.Go for it :P"
76561198102773181,Recommended,237930,30166857,Posted: 25 February,all,Bluejoy,"This game is unique.The art, music, story and voice acting are all fantastic, and a lot of people talk about it a lot, so I'm going to go straight to the gameplay, because to me, that's what really makes this game stand out.The gameplay in transistor is an interesting and deep blend of strategy, tactics, and action RPG. It looks like an action RPG - one character, running around the game world in real time, trying to pull off attack combos. And you can play it like that, if you get good at the controls. But you can also stop time and program perfectly timed combos to occur.That alone sets this game apart. The balance between those two completely different mechanics - using your moves in real time, and planning out moves in a safe, stopped, environment - straddles two completely different genres, and thus two completely different play styles. Besides the real time action RPG style of gameplay, you can more or less impose a turn based style of game play - the mechanic for stopping time is even called /turn. On your /turn, you try to deal as much damage as possible to your opponents by planning out the right moves in the right order so that they don't get blocked or cancelled. Then, you can just run around the board, dodging attacks until the meter reloads and you can take your /turn again.Obviously, most of the time, you find yourself doing a bit of both. You figure out good move combinations to use in /turn, and then while turn is loading, you try to use those same combos in real time to deal more damage. Sometimes, you find yourself using Turn primarily to dodge or reposition yourself, and doing all your real damage in real time. You find the middle ground that best suits you.But the real complexity and beauty comes in the wealth of moves available. You end up learning a bunch of different moves, and the moves can be adapted to three forms - they can be moves, they can modify other moves, or they can modify your player character. You like explosions, but the explosion move is too slow for your playstyle? Slap it onto one of your faster attacks to give it an extra punch. Or, slap your fastest attack on it, to remove its drawbacks. The combinations and complexity available is staggering, and it makes the game more personal and more fun. When you discover a great synnergy between two moves, that was your discovery, and you can feel proud of it.All of this makes the death mechanic in the game hit even harder. You have a health bar in this game, but when it gets to zero, you lose one of your moves - usually the one that's been most modified, so probably your best move. If you built your playstyle around one synnergy, you effectively have one life. If you have a lot of moves, you live longer, but each hit still really hurts, as it takes away one of your tools, and probably one you designed a little yourself and are proud of. This makes the 'death' of your moves matter to you, and makes the tension of the game more real.Since you can only reinstall moves at a save point, and your ''dead' moves will be unavailable for the next new save point you find, this also changes how you use your save points. In an insane reversal of usual game logic, you might choose not to use the save point that's right in front of a hard battle or a boss, so that you can go to it after the battle, restock, and get back your main moves more quickly.All of this is to say, there isn't another game fully like Transistor. It has elements from several different genres, and playstyles or strategies that you have from those other games might apply to it. But as a whole, this game is a unique experience, and one that is unque all the way down its considerable depths.It's also a very fun, immersive, and beautiful experience, and it can be extremely challenging if that's what you want, but also extremely casual if that's not."
,Recommended,237930,20201299,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Mutated Izzy,This game offended me by ending.
,Recommended,237930,20104830,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,une fille,"Amazing graphics and art, love the development of romance between red and the transistor however the rest of the story develops very vaguely. If you're not too picky on unexplained background stories, and love turn based games with lovely music, then this game is definitely for you."
76561198068064972,Recommended,237930,20103042,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,UberNoob,"Things I liked:gameplay is very intersting in that it combines both real-time and turn-based elements to combat. Just watch some gameplays and you will seeThe art is candy for your eyesThe soundtrack is candy for your earsInnovative dedicated hum buttonAs you progress, you will unlock a variety of different abilitites. You have main slots for active abilitites, mod slots that allow you to modify active abilities, and passive abilities. What's really cool is that you can put any abilities into any slot and create all kinds of combinations.Datsoundtrack thoIf you have a dualshock 4 controller, there's a pretty cool feature in the game that works specifically with it I think. I'm not sure about the XBox One controller though.References to computer programming that I don't get.Things I didn't like:This game is not as popular as undertale"
,Recommended,237930,20331631,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,CloudyIce,"Red is my love, plus I cried.10/10 would cry again."
,Recommended,237930,25957165,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Zeks,"A bit conflicted on this. While the art and music are great and gameplay seems solid, there is simply too little of it. The game doesn't provide enough of a challenge or variation in combat situations to actually use the multiple combinations you can make to your satisfaction. Story recursion proveides some more challenge but it's  the same few enemies over and over and limiters dont help much once you get a hang of mixing functions properly. it's still a ""buy"" but on sale only. There isnt enough for a full price"
76561198065327312,Recommended,237930,20340119,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Makkachin,"One of the best game I've ever played.Gameplay 9.5/10 - I am really liking the planning phase combined with real time action mechanics.Art 10/10 - The cutscenes, the background, everything are so beautifulStory 10/10 - They took my heart and smashed it into piecesMusic 1000000000/10 - I spent probably most of my gameplay humming and listening to the songs. IT'S JUST THAT GOOD10/10 would destroy my heart again"
,Recommended,237930,20495950,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Spearmint,What an amazingly beautiful game. The art style. The soundtrack. The writing and voice acting.It's truly a masterpiece.But it gave me the worst case of feels.10/10 just go f*cking play it. It's worth every penny and I'm buying the soundtrack too.
76561198262140796,Recommended,237930,21251328,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,J_Dewil,"A very nice game in many ways.Great art- and soundstyle, an interesting story and very fluent gameplay in combination with an amazing skill system.About to play it some more!!!"
,Recommended,237930,20760241,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,bambles,This game is:C oolA amazingN ewC reativeE ducational andR ad!!
76561198008532810,Recommended,237930,16711165,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Nasal Sebum,"Awesome visuals and sound track, and the main gameplay gimmick is really cool too. Unfortunately, the game isn't very challenging, and it doesn't push the abilities of the Transistor unless you're playing on NG+ with all the limiters on. The story is another weird part; the story isn't bad, but the way it's told is completely♥♥♥♥♥backwards. It's meant to be vague and up for interpretation, but it goes too far.All in all, good stuff. Not as good as Supergiant's last game, Bastion, but great nonetheless."
,Recommended,237930,24001053,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,RxStud,"Very artistic with beautiful visualsStory is very well made. As a platform game it's different due to the strategy style but very fun! Get it, play it!"
,Recommended,237930,22856421,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,冇鬼用,"A beautifully crafted game with amazing visuals and a wonderfully composed music score. It is a game where you should definitely take your time playing, just taking in the scenery and appreciating the beauty of it. Just the visuals and the music were enough to fill me with a broad range of emotions and made me appreciate this game even more.The combat system is both pretty simple and complex at the same time. It's simple with the fact that it is a combination of real time and turn based combat system. You can pick one or the other. What is complex is that you have to learn the combat system by yourself as there are no tutorials to help ease you into this unique combat system. While it is fluid, I did feel as if this combat system was button-mashy, where i would plan my moves, execute the same combo over and over, and then mash buttons to dodge enemies while I wait for my planning ability to be ready again. There are limiters to make the combat in this game into a very difficult challenge, which I did enjoy.The story is powerful, and able to invoke many emotions in you. But when you think about the story critically, you find that there are many holes in the story and the story is not cohesively held together. I also felt like they kept the story extremely vague and I wish they could have fleshed out the story even more.Just get this game. The artwork and music more than justifies the price of this game."
,Recommended,237930,24001640,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Aeon,"Amazing RPG gameplay elements, wonderful story, beautiful artwork, and great music. Skill combinations are awesome, definitely get this game"
76561198175542946,Recommended,237930,21331924,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Winters Malice,Great soundtrackGreat emotionGreat gameplay - customizable if you wnt to make it harderUnique settingIf you're thinking about getting this game just go for it. Its worth it
76561198020474979,Recommended,237930,23998337,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,biglu,If you get this game get the soundtrack with it. Additionally just by playing this game you will become cooler.Buy this game!!!
76561198169006812,Recommended,237930,24001197,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,doodnix,"Amazing and beautiful game with engaging and deep combat, vibrant colours, an amazig soundtrack, and a simple yet ever-developing storyline with a sad yet moving ending. Need I say more?"
76561197968450979,Recommended,237930,24002557,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Silent Echo,"Absolutely amazing game..... Great music, story and gameplay. Couldn't recommend it more."
76561198157186823,Recommended,237930,24305325,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,",nut","This game is so beautiful and artistic. The art style is amazing, so is the the soundtrack, and story. The gameplay is a great mix of strategy and action. combining abilities is really fun and makes you be creative. plus the depth of the combat gives it great replayability. this is one of my favorite games."
,Recommended,237930,24001974,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Jesus,best game evah
76561198261182897,Recommended,237930,28883997,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,AnkhWarrior,"To Those expecting this to be just a not-so-good version of Bastion? It's compareable. I wont call it betterm, because Bastion is a gameing masterpiece, but this comes very, very close. This game took several upgraes from where Bastion came from. It has more voice acting, enhanced combat system, and it's more open with it's lore. (Sort of)And to fans of Ashley Barret, the girl who sang Build that Wall? She has 6 vocal songs in this game. So another awesome plus.(None of them sung by Korb. Boooooo)This game is alot harder then Bastion, but sacrifices the casual attitude for a confuseing, but well thought out, plot, insane character details, and many many more.If you played Bastion, get this. You have that feeling that this just 'wont be the same' ? Well it will be I promise you.If you decide to get it, Enjoy! It's worth the money. Also, Pyre. THat's comeing out. Make sure to play this before it's release, so you could be there to play all of Supergiant's games in order of release."
76561198005673942,Recommended,237930,27466113,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Squshier,Girl who can't speak pairs with a sword that speaks that beat up weird robots. 10/10 a better love story then twilight.
,Recommended,237930,29489176,Posted: 25 January,all,Annake,"Amazing aesthetics, well written story and a haunting soundtrack to acompany it, and a gripping gameplay that really feels fully customizable to suit your favorite playstyle!"
,Recommended,237930,27363685,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Paranoid Marine,Oh god My feelings
,Recommended,237930,27681676,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Oz Almighty,"Unique play style, a hybrid of Real Time and Turn based strategy which reeeaally works for me, on top of the whole loadout system, if you can call it that, an absolutely stunning art style - what's not to love about a cyberpunk neo-Parisian look? Plus a wonderful storyline, great characters, and an almost addictive soundtrack.Then there's also the little things, like the main character occasionally joining in to sing along to the soundtrack if you're not in combat. I love that way too much."
,Recommended,237930,27498117,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Wilhelm,"Awesome, kept me going for hours. Seriously, the only problem with the game is that it is so short. The Tactical Hack n' Slash mechanic is beautiful and simple to use. A really great game. 7.8/10"
,Recommended,237930,27501180,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Play Counter Strike Liao,"I love the Story , Game Mechanic, Artstyle, BGM of this game.I bought this during the sale so totally worth it!"
76561198064163095,Recommended,237930,27387806,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Telmuun,"best soundtrack, interesting gameplay , good use of tactical combat ... i would recommend this game to anyone interested in it."
76561198103757004,Recommended,237930,29510973,Posted: 26 January,all,Aelita con Cuacamole,super fun combat system.
,Recommended,237930,29884504,Posted: 12 February,all,GMBlade7,"Breathtaking soundtrack,gorgeous artandunique game mechanics. This game caught me at first sight and it won't let me go anymore. The plot is just amazing. Loved the whole gameplay, and most of all, I found the combination between the music and the cutscene moments beutiful.This game is perfect. 10/10"
76561198070785185,Recommended,237930,28770914,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Nero,Red is peng ting. 10/10
76561197971318812,Recommended,237930,28135786,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,ZeroGravitas,"Transistor may be the classiest, most stylish andbeautifulgame I've ever played. It also seems very innovative. It's an evolution on the super-saturated acrylic painting style of Bastion (Supergiant's previous game), incorporating an intricate 1920s art deco interpretation of neon turquoise Tron glow, visually somewhat similar to Bioshock.The sound track is an integral part of the beauty. Not at all just background noise, it's closely integrated into the context. It's smoothly haunting with the protagonist character humming soulfully along at the push of a button (strangle compelling).This game quite closely resembles it's predecessor in many ways:Both are top down, isometric view.Poignant, with pretty little side-on 2D cutscenes that augment the in-play storytelling.Tales of personal loss and societal/city devastation, picking up (or picking through) the pieces.Disembodied voice-over narration from another character, but one who's physically present in context this time.Mute protagonist, again an explanation is worked in here excellently.There are unlocks that make play harder (for slightly more experience gain), as well as collecting new abilities.But it departs from Bastion's pure, practised skill - aim and click, continuously rolling action bonanza - by injecting a kind of seamless turn planning mechanism into the real time action. This allows, and demands, far more tactical thinking in the heat of battles. It's rewarding as you can escape tight spots in style and beat heavy odds. Plus, of course, this gives plenty of time to stop, think and analyse the situation. Great for those of us who don't always quite have the mental processing speed of fighter pilots.The abilities, known as ""functions"", form the core of the game experience. They are not only used as novel new active attacks, but also modifier upgrades toany otherability you have. Or, as a passive abilities that are always active. Thus there is a combinatorial explosion of possibilities as you proceed to accumulate them.The huge, buried depth of game mechanics (that must have taken a whole lot of careful design and coding) reminds me most of Magicka's spell system. There, elements are combined in real time to be blasted out like guitar chords. But composing new Transistor skill combinations is a separate  setup process done at ""Access Point"" checkpoints. I found all the descriptions a little hard to juggle mentally while shuffling between the different information screens. It's also time consuming, and a little bit more fiddly than necessary, taking me at least as long, overall, as the actual fighting. So probably too long, unless this suits your mindset somewhat, with the play flow thoroughly interrupted. The game is all about figuring out synergistic load-outs and combo strategies.Players are incentivised to try out many combinations, since there are narrative expanding character biography snippets which are unlocked by using each new ability once (in combat) in each of the 3 types of slot. There's also opportunities to quickly test out ideas and practice, away from the main story progression, in a literal beach themed ""Sandbox"" area. So you're unlikely to stick to one favourite setup for long. It would be real shame and I'm not sure how much that would even be possible. The battles are quite varied, so will often demand quite different approaches. Enemy types are randomly varied to an extent too, on each re-try (or re-play).Each ability embodies archetypal personality traits of a particular character and they are woven into the story ark to be picked up along the way. It's pretty clever, and really gives a sense of double meaning, that everything and everyone is a metaphor for parts of a computer system, perhaps, like (the original) Tron. Programming functions personified, or vice versa.The plot sets out like ""Kill Bill"" (2003), but, as details are incrementally expanded via a variety of interactions, a very nuanced exploration of big societal themes is rendered, with the antagonists being sympathetic, tragic and their purpose and motivations understandable. At large, it is a reflection on the potential flaws of an absolute (participatory) democracy, even in an otherwise utopian environment. Here, the 'Process' (collective name for the robot enemies) also feels duplicitous - sounding almost like they are talking about understanding (and subverting) the politic process. Then, of course, the dangers of concentrated power - how small personal flaws might cause everything to unravel. Here, ""The Camerata"" has resonance, to me, of the Khmer Rouge, or some other revolutionary force, that accidentally caused huge losses when applying its ideology.So there is certainly much depth to this game, on many levels, with no doubt many real world references tied in. e.g. ""Royce Bracket"" may be named for Winston W. Royce, computer scientist who coined the term 'software engineering'. ""Young Ladies"" perhaps a tip to Neal Stephenson cyberpunk novel ""The Diamond Age: Or, A Young Lady's Illustrated Primer""...? Talk of ""The Country"", a reference to Shakespeare's line: ""The undiscovered country from whose bourn, No traveller returns""...?I don't feel that every single plot detail comes together in a perfectly defined way. Some things are deliberately left open to interpretation more than others, but I'm sure there will have been tweaks and compromises during development, interfering slightly with narrative sense. The mapping of game mechanics onto plot, while ever clever, and more thorough than most any other title, is not perfect. For example, the new game plus ""recursion"" mode doesn't seem able to have a direct, causal, logically consistent plot mapping (however much you overthink it). Regardless, Transistor definitely has a rewardingly complex, detailed story. One that will bear re-examination after first completion. Recursion is ideal for this. It also lets you carry on to pick up second copies of each ability function, for even more extreme setups. I personally reached max level just before finishing my second run, then picked up the final, challenging (10 limiters) achievement within 30 minutes of starting a second recursion. Perfectly paced for 100%-ing the Steam achievements; very satisfying.Value wise, it yielded about 40 hours of engaging play time for me. A large part of that was spent compulsively experimenting, as I like to do in such games (if they draw me in). This can be done in the context of regular combat, by simply restarting that section, back to your last access point where you can change things up again. But it is also the main utility of the sandbox, aside from trying to beat your highest single turn total damage figure (fun!). You reach this area via 'back doors' which crop up periodically in the main game. Also in this area are a whole bunch of differently structured tests and challenges, which pretty near double up the game's content and again encourage exploring and understanding the various functions: Time trials, escalating rounds of engagements to survive with a limited function set, etc. There are a half dozen logical puzzles that particularly tickled me, showing the flexibility of the turn() system. I wish there'd just been afewmore... :-)"
,Recommended,237930,28008714,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,ShadowChi,"Beautifully stunning art style.Gameplay was a breath of fresh air, both simple and complex depending on which limiters you enable and your moveset.Story made the onion ninjas appear, could feel the emotions of the characters.Dont get me started on the soundtrack for this game; mesmerizing, it really set the mood and added to the atmosphere of each area... Darren Korb and Ashley Lynn Barrett really deserve a lot of credit for the masterpieces they created."
76561198041636869,Recommended,237930,25968712,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Brother Alpha,"Transistor is made by the same people who made Bastion and you can really tell. This isn’t an insult, just a statement of fact. There are a lot of mechanical similarities between the two games, as well as some style elements. I loved both games, but I think Transistor is the better game. I like the style better and it seems to have more polish as well.That said, the fifth performance test is pure crap. I got to the 9th wave of 11 and played for more than an hour and I was at 100% health and not a single bad guy was injured, because they could go stealth and heal to 100%."
,Recommended,237930,29118659,Posted: 8 January,all,Terra,Can't get over it. Great game
76561197990947469,Recommended,237930,29406591,Posted: 21 January,all,Злоебучий робот Уася,One of the bests games stories i ever saw last time.
76561198143132203,Recommended,237930,29080108,Posted: 6 January,all,Lockhart,Absolutely beautiful.
,Recommended,237930,29493160,Posted: 25 January,all,Mr. Lemon,"Great game. Story, visual and especially sound track"
76561198062674686,Recommended,237930,28009735,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Jakers,"Probably my favourite game of all time. Basically everything is perfect. A beautifully crafted soundtrack, innovative and fun gameplay, extremely good SFX and voice acting, and whilst I'm not usually one to care about graphics, the artstyle is just absolutely fantastic. This game is a testament to how indie games can be true masterpieces and 10x better than most regurgitated AAA game concepts. My only criticsm would be that the final section of the game is a bit too dragged out and contains way too much talking, but the final boss is absolutely worth it.10/10, no doubt."
76561198132136736,Recommended,237930,26888412,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,theophys,"I could go on and on about the story, art style, music, the most flexible rpg system I've seen in a game to date...But what's the point.Buy it.Buy it with the OST, it'll save you the trip to the store page later."
,Recommended,237930,10191423,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,What,"Music, story, and design; this game capitilizes on the narration and wonder that made Supergiant's game Bastion so great. I recommend this game whole heartedly. The game plays for about 7 hours, but it does feature a lot of extra content as well as a new game plus feature. Buy this game. Buy it now."
76561198060836513,Recommended,237930,24418316,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Full Fledged Retard,Byootiful yo <3
,Recommended,237930,24426300,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Skankasaurus,"A spectacular follow up to Bastion by Supergiant!Pros:- Great combat mechanics with a large number of possible configurations that encourage experimentation- Excellent storyline with interesting characters, just vague enough to leave it up for interpretation- Fantastic soundtrack and voice actingCons:- Short! Very short! But NG+ pulled me right back inOverall:8.5/10"
76561197968917912,Recommended,237930,24742963,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,ForEsme,"I had no idea what was going on in that game, but bravo!!!  lone clapping in a massive opera house. It was an experience."
,Recommended,237930,25135547,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Azza,"Transistor follows the story of a mute young woman, Red, in her journey of discovery. Taking place shortly after losing her voice, she discovers a key like object known as the Transistor, which narrates and communicates with Red in an accustomed manor. Together, they explore a world which has been over-run with digital viruses, which plagues the worlds existence itself.From start up, I was astonished by the beautiful design. color and soundtrack this feature displays, it all fits splendidly together in a blend that can only impress. The game play is phenomenal, sporting a combination of classic mechanic systems, in a mix that I can only describe as Final Fantasy meets Zelda. The narration is a pleasure to listen too and pays homage to their previous game, Bastion, which was equally fantastic.The game length tends to be on the shorter side, supplying approximately 8 hours of overall game time. Don't be fooled though, once you've seen the ending you're given the option the restart the journey, allowing you to keep all the items and progression from your current file, which lends to some interesting replay ability.Overall, the game is a breathtaking experience, every aspect of the game works well together in a new and original concept. Supergiant Games, creators of Transistor and Bastion, deserve a congratulations for creating a masterpiece, this game will will certainly stand the test of time as one of the greatest games to hit the market. I rate Transistor a 9/10."
,Recommended,237930,18780367,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Pandoril,"Great Artwork and fantastic Story.Also the 2nd and 3rd walktrough arent't boring, not only because of the amazing Soundtrack, but also because of the ( for me ) new Gameplaystyle.I also bought the Soundtrack as CD =) it's soooo good"
76561198041736451,Recommended,237930,23855684,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Bones,This and Bastion are two of the best indie games I have ever seen. The only downside to this game is that it seems a little short.
76561198038178463,Recommended,237930,15135366,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,RatDota,"Great atmospheric music & story, also a very new and interesting combat."
,Recommended,237930,24475444,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,.Gear,"*This is a part review, so this revie can change everytime until i finish this game.*Review on 23 july 2016First 2 hours of gameplayI am a typical player who plays FPS, especially mutiplayer. But when i see this game on last week discount, i check if this is FPS multiplayer game, and meh. Looks sucks for me. But when i see the screenshots, i suddenly change my mind. Looks cool for me so not bad for a discounted game.I played like 2 hours. First impression, Wow. Looks awesome. Played and killed processes too much, taking terminals, new skills. Suitable for me. Also the soundtrack were awesome. Cant wait to continue this game.Review : Positive"
,Recommended,237930,25430805,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Mighty Max,"Amazing visuals, interesting combat system, meh story.Not quite as good as Bastion, and the gameplay is very, very different, but it's definitely worth checking out."
,Recommended,237930,25508655,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,D҉E҉U҉S҉ ҉ V҉U҉L҉T҉,"This game in meant to be play slowly, and not by rush.Its a very *classy* game with a lot of art elements.Here is my quick review:Audio: 9.5/10Video: 9/10Storyline: 9/10Gameplay: 8/10Overall Quick-Rating: 35.5/40There is not much to tell about the game itself, because you  have to try it by yourself.None of the *review guys* can tell you about this game the same as you would.So go ahead and watch some videos about this game if you are not sure on *should I buy it or not*I got it on sale for 4.99$ instead of 18.99$ ; so If you think its alot for a game like this, you are wrong.Its worth every penny."
,Recommended,237930,23597134,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,godofiron,"It it a privilege, being able to experience this game. There aren't all that many things in life you can say that about. This game is a stupidly lush, detailed and captivating work of art.It'll break your heart when you have to leave."
,Recommended,237930,25348072,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,B!$H _I_ ™©,Nice game with ample of graphics but after some point it get monotonous.
,Recommended,237930,15999371,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,GlennRH,"Amazing soundtrack, gorgeous visuals, and a great story. I just wish it was longer."
76561198277746584,Recommended,237930,25241688,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,dojiuka!!,"Overall Transistor is a really captivating game and is easily one of my current favourites.The music in Transistor is beautiful, and really sets the mood throughout the game. The visuals were lovely, and the game has really nice character designs. Storyline and narration may be one of my favourite aspects of the game, and the ending broke me (it came quite unexpectedly but was a really touching).Gameplay is unique as you can choose to strategically plan your moves or dive headfirst into battle, depending on your preferred play style, but i found both to be enjoyable (though i stuck to planning more). Game was also a good length and has replay value (Recursion).It is also extremely customisable, as you are able to try all sorts of different combinations with the skills, and the results are often stunning, experimentation with different combinations was really interesting.I would say this is one of the games you should pick up when its on sale bc it's worth the money :)"
76561198016381485,Recommended,237930,25468436,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Piranha,"Definently worth the price. It has a very touching story, beautiful artwork and fun, challenging gameplay.You should buy this :)"
76561198075383350,Recommended,237930,24449033,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,All Hail Syndra,"Jesus Christ, I don't have words enough to describe how perfect this game is.First off: looks. 10/10The minute I looked at this game, I knew I'd want to play it. Attractive, attention-drawing female lead character who turned out to be amazingly pretty and humble. Then, the art. Oh my God. Flawless, perfect, awesome. Everything drawn to its smallest detail, and all very thought-through for the whole gaming experience. The mixture of lights in-combat makes you want to play it nonstop.Gameplay: 10/10At first, I was a little concerned about it being a 2D game (not because 2D games are bad, but because I tend not to like them). Actually, I saw it be launched back in 2014, but was not caught in the moment to buy it. Then, I decided to give it a shot now. Best idea so far. I couldn't find a single bug ingame, not to mention how fluid the animations are. But the best part: ingame sound experience. Sweet Lord. Best game I've ever played, by far. Games are not about graphics or long stories, but how much they can make you dive into the atmosphere and really feel you're the character. And boy, does this game excel at this. I truly felt I was a red-haired woman with a talking technologic-sword in a city where everything'd been consumed by programs. One point I really liked was the fact that whenever she hums, it goes according to whatever song is currently playing in the background. It really shows the commitment the team had in doing this game, and planning it so the story would feel real. I cared for Red and her sword, I did. I felt like a child rooting for them when the sword got red and it seemed it'd be corrupted away from her. Very immersive.Art/Music/Story: 9.9/10Exerything perfect. You can't find one single image that says 'look how poorly drawn I was'. None. Very hard work applied into creating this world and the story. Everything makes sense, there aren't loose ends. All songs were very good, highlight on ""In Circles"", which is a favorite and definetly could be a pop singer' single. Red's voice is something unique, I don't know wheter because the effects or what, which also don't mind. The fact is you get goosebumps and shivers everything she hums to a song. The reason my grade isn't 10 is the ending, which I'd hoped would be the other way around. But, I must not spread spoilers.All in All: 10/10I don't recommend it. I command people to play it. :)"
76561198120218853,Recommended,237930,24557063,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Luna,a beautifully made game
,Recommended,237930,19643865,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,JaimeEashy,"A man with no body and a girl with no voice Transistor is a beautiful sci - fi theme RPG game, the soundtracks are beautiful, the story is deep and the ending will make your man tears drop"
76561198077645684,Recommended,237930,24433619,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Iylltharus,"Transistor is a game of beauty. The music is amazing, and the gameplay is great. But the greatest part is the story, the whole story of Red is just heart wrenching. One of the greatest RPG's that I've played."
76561197990284850,Recommended,237930,24543129,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,byo,The atmosphere made of music in this game is just beautiful. The gameplay becomes a bit flat after few game levels but for me the sound does fill all shortcomings of the game.
76561198025071715,Recommended,237930,16574605,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,HULKGAMECRIT,"HULK SHOWED UP FOR WEIRD ROBOTS AND SLIGHTLY UNREFINED COMBAT AND STAYED FOR THE DESTRUCTO SWORD SECRETLY HARBORING A WORLD AND EMOTIONS WITHIN ITS MURDEROUS TOTEM LIKE VISAGE!4 OUT OF 5 HULK FISTS!( ALSO, HULK MET THE DEVS ONCE AND THEY WERE SIMPLY CHARMING)"
,Recommended,237930,10538053,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Carbonated_Soda,"A great follow up to Bastion one of the must play games of the year. Amazing art, great game play and innovative difficulty settings."
76561197987588664,Recommended,237930,24336842,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,method_milo,"Oh my, this game is a masterpiece. I love the (Neo/S-F)Noir atmosphere, voice from the off, visuals and gameplay...I am missing such kind of games. This is like quality interactive fiction. Lovely. It really digs.Worthy successor (?) of the Bastion.Too bad Pyre doesn't seem to be planned for Linux also..."
,Recommended,237930,16514893,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,tessaroonie,This game ruined my life
,Recommended,237930,12606536,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Zid,"Slick on style, gorgeous in art, mesmerizing in music, Transistor is one of those games you can't help but pause and enjoy the moment. From start to finish, the game feels like a sweet serenade, like spending a romantic night with someone you fancy.Logan Cunningham's voice and dialogue hit the right spot as your companion, feeling neither a grating voice or a throwaway noise, but a comforting ally in keeping you headstrong. Fans of the developer's previous game, Bastion, might be slightly disappointed if they want a similar narrative structure, as the novelty is not presented here. Instead, a more familiar narrative of having a companion by your side is utilized, and honestly makes more sense given the story's direction.Combat is what you would expect from an isometric hack 'n slash, but actions are very nuanced and tend to have weight behind them (Not to mention that the attacks feel heavy). Much like how the star of the show for Bastion is the way it's narrated, the star of the show for Transistor is the tactical queueing system in combat called Turn(). Activating Turn() pauses combat, and lets you plan and queue up actions based on a resource bar, all in a simple yet informative display. Releasing Turn() afterwards will see the combat un-paused but have time slowed down, while you execute your action queue in a sped-up version instead. Once your queue is done, combat goes back to real-time along with you, and you must wait for your Turn() resource bar to refill if you want to use it again. Think the combat of Frozen Synapse meshed with the one from Dragon Age: Origins.This system turns an otherwise standard affair of combat into a deliberate pacing of rewarding attack plans and being pressured in defending yourself while you're waiting for the Turn() mechanic to be available again. Encounters tend to have fast and unforgiving enemies, and every Turn() you activate is a moment to breathe and think. Every detail you peruse in Turn() makes a few seconds in real-time become exponentially scrutinized in a paused setting by 10s of seconds. You can definitely play Transistor without Turn() though, but it's a difficult and rather bland experience (It tends to encourage you to utilize Turn() to experiment all sorts of options). The combat is all that much better and satisfying when you incorporate Turn(), and it has become one of the most fun systems I've ever had the pleasure of experiencing in a long time.Customization comes in with the skills and passives you bring into combat, and Transistor does it in an interesting way that looks simple at first (and it really is accessible), but is fairly deep and encourages experimentation. Every skill is essentially also a component, and thus can be used as upgrades to other skills, or be used as passive buffs instead. For example, Breach() as an active skill is a long-range attack that pierces through targets and obstacles. However, you can slot it into another skill as an upgrade, increasing the second skill's range and velocity. Or you can slot Breach() as a passive buff to yourself, which specifically grants you more resource in Turn(). This form of customization means the build you bring into every encounter is limited by your imagination and by what you need for your playstyle.Combined, the combat and customization make for an amazing experience that only gets better and not repetitive if you're willing to experiment all manners of things, such as specific build combinations and calculating positions. Still, it's worth noting that the encounters are a bit easy and repetitive once you find the best way for yourself to beat each enemy (especially with certain skills and combinations which I won't list here). If you want more difficult and rewarding fights, I recommend turning on some difficulty modifiers (that you can earn through leveling) until you find something just right for you. For me, I especially recommend turning on modifiers that buffs the enemy, rather than debuffing yourself, as I absolutely love the combat when you're at your best. Furthermore, the game has a New Game+ mode, which carries over your progression and your enemy's own progression, while also randomizing each encounters from there on out. Playing through New Game+ with all difficulty modifiers set on enemy buffs is one of the best gaming highs I'd ever had. While this really is a negative to some, it goes to show that Transistor's combat really shines when replaying at New Game+ and with difficulty modifiers on, and that it's a shame to not try otherwise.Transistor clocks in as a short game for its price for some people, and while that's enough to turn people away, the game really is a statement of quality over quantity, and for that alone, I applaud it. As an indie, it's exemplary and a highlight of the industry. As a game, it's a love song to the early and magical days of gaming where I was constantly amazed by actual new experiences, and wow, what an experience Transistor is. As a purchase, I have no regrets for its $20 price, but it's definitely a ""Your Mileage May Vary"" thing. I know quite a few people who just won't buy this game, or who regret doing so.  The $20 for me was for the quality, not quantity, and in that respect, it's very much worth that price. Make no mistake though, this is clearly a work of passion and dedication, something from the heart and from gamers who listen.Supergiant Games still shines past Bastion, and Transistor not only sits alongside Bastion, but probably outdoes it for some people. And I'd be one of them.Oh, and like other reviews have said, hold down Tab whenever you're able to in-game and not in combat. What that does itself sums up the entire game's quality and love in a button. You won't regret it, heheh."
,Recommended,237930,11199816,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Empdee,"10/10 would play again...and I did.The visuals, story, soundtrack and gameplay are superb. So much fun was had, and so many feels were felt. Supergiant games really know how to make a damn fine game. First Bastion, now Transistor. Looking forward to their future projects!"
76561197983205583,Recommended,237930,14600784,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,LanceDH,"Can have a few annoying moments but worth it for sure.Interesting universe, amazing visuals and music."
,Recommended,237930,16003883,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,OFFENSE,"This was an interesting game, although it felt a bit too much like Bastion to me.  The mechanics were cool and the art was nice.  I stopped playing towards the end and when I came back to it the mechanics were easy to pick up again.  I don't know if I really ever understood what was going on and didn't really like the forced ending."
76561197977274098,Recommended,237930,15986209,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,darien.shields,"Good, but not as good as Bastion.Fun and short, takes about a day or so to beat. Like Bastion, the visuals are gorgeous, if sometimes confusing, there's a nice variety of enemies and abilities giving you plenty of room to explore tactics. I don't think it really approaches the visceral fun of its predecessor; once I completed the game I had no urge to replay it to explore the combat more. The 20s Art Nouveau aesthetic is excellent.Where it falls down is writing and characterization. The plot is tangled up and never fully explained. You can piece together a lot of it if you stop and think, but none of it comes naturally and it breaks the flow quite badly. Even after the game was over I was scratching my head over a lot. This would have been admissable if the characterization was stronger. The narrative asks the player to care about the city the game takes place in, and the people who live in it, despite the fact that you only ever see any of them after they're dead. Logan Cunningham does an excellent job with the voice acting, but his character is simply not as charismatic as Rucks in Bastion, and like everyone else, you know next to nothing about him. This makes it even more difficult to care about him the way the game expects you to.Overall it's definitely not a bad way to spend an afternoon, but if you haven't picked up Bastion I'd play that first."
,Recommended,237930,15991829,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,~ greeИ beaИz ~,"I think the only things I didn't like aboutTransistorare that it ended so quickly and I thought a couple parts could have been a tiny bit more difficult. Of course, the music was great, the art was completely beautiful, and I had a lot of fun experimenting with combos. I also enjoyed the ending. I never got too stressed out while playing (this is a plus for me, haha), which I think had a lot to do with the music. It was just entirely enjoyable and I'll definitely play it again in the future! I would recommendTransistorto just about anyone."
,Recommended,237930,15998118,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Veul,Very beautiful game.  Soundtrack was pleasant and the gameplay had enough customization and semi-rewarded you for variety that it never became tedious.
,Recommended,237930,10339471,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,WindowMaker,"Very much the same story-telling style as Bastion, along with great voice work and music.  I personally loved the combat, though I hear it is not everyone's thing, as it's built more around planning out a sequence than real-time fighting.  The sheer amount of moves/combos is super fun to play around with either way, though!"
,Recommended,237930,23928284,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,fumellar,One of the best games I've ever played. This game is simply beautiful.Love it.
,Recommended,237930,23872654,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Izumemori,"This is an absolutely stunning and beautiful game, the soundtrack is very fitting and helps convey the story. The Story is just gorgeous and the combat is very intriguing and relatively complex compared to the more blant combat system Bastion had. This game relies almost only on combat, if you don't like it, you'll have a bad time. But if you like it, you'll probably, like me, come to call this game an artwork. The only caviat this game has, is that the story is only 4-5 hours long, there is a NG+ mode, called 'recursive', but motivation to play it through again may be hard to find, so maybe it would be best to buy this game in sale, even though it is, in my opinion, worth every penny of the roughly 20 Euros it costs normally. Just buy it."
,Recommended,237930,30758561,Posted: 26 March,all,Rma1994,"At first I didn't give enough credits for Transistor, but somedays ago I thought it was time to try it and oh boy! It worth a lot!The game story isn't exeptional, I mean, it is a good story but nothing worth of prize.The gameplay on the other hand, this one deserve a LOT of respect. The totally turn based/not turn based system have an incredible flow that always make you want to play more and face the next encounter, ALWAYS hungry for more.Also, it is worth to mention the soundstrack. A friend said that the soundtrack pulled more of his attention than the gameplay. It was not my case, but I have to give credits to the OST because it is anything but awesome.Long story short, buy the game and have a great time playing it!"
,Recommended,237930,10701613,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Sycraft,"This game is just... Wow. I rarely call games art but Transistor most certianly is. It is beautful, mysterious, haunting, but above all a good game. It would be worth owning if just for the amazing art, music, style, and story but as good as that is, the mechanics are even better. It is an exceedingly solid game in terms of play style and mechanics. The combo turn based/realtime combat is just flawless and the skills/upgrade system is fantastic.I just can't say enough good about this game."
76561198006831488,Recommended,237930,10730865,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Moist_Baguette,Outstanding
,Recommended,237930,14179130,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Albaloo,"This game is extremely well-made. From the makers of Bastion, Transistor is amazing to play. The storyline keeps you interested, the artwork is fantastic, and the soundtrack is even better. It is the perfect balance of challenging enough so you have to try, without being too frustrating (with the exception of the final performance test). I highly highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,237930,19003086,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,DireMuffin,"This game is beautiful in so many ways, each of which is reason enough to play.The music is haunting and lovely, and the singer did a fantastic job capturing the character. The cyberpunk / art nouveau aesthetic works surprisingly well, and makes each new area gorgeous and memorable. The voice acting is evocative, drawing at the heartstrings in just the right way. And the plot is elegant and compelling, with the characters making reasonable decisions, trying to fix what's been done, but each solution makes the situation worse.The gameplay is similar to its predecessor, Bastion, but it adds a turn-based-strategy angle to the fighting. So instead of running around simply wailing on stuff, this time you get to plan out your moves. The game also deals with player death in a genius way; when you die, you get respawned but with one of your fighting moves broken (but you get it back a few fights later). The way it acknowledges player death, makes it meaningful, and forces the player to try new playstyles is devious and amazing.The feeling I came away with after playing (twice, for all the cheevos) was melancholy. It's sad, but the good kind, you know? The kind of sad you feel good for having experienced.That's what this game is. An experience - and a good one at that."
,Recommended,237930,15823779,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Pennythot The Dancing Clown,Really good game. I liked Bastion better though.
,Recommended,237930,19948012,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,The Great Catsby,"This game is simultaneously a work of art as it is a game. I don't have the words to describe how it makes you live through a masterpiece but then again the spectacular artwork and soundtrack do that for me. Basically, buy this game if you want to feel alive."
,Recommended,237930,11162059,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,TeHatter,It's like Diablo except with a lot more queer people and talking swords.
76561198189032673,Recommended,237930,20170486,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Layne is King,AmazingI can't stop talking about it. I will be playing many more times
,Recommended,237930,12822331,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Protoman,"This game is truly brilliant. At it's core, it's an action-RPG with the ability to stop time and plan out your next sequence of moves, then execute that sequence at hyper-speed. As you play, you will earn or find new abilities (functions), and each one can be equipped either as an active function (press a button and do a thing), an upgrade to another function, or as a passive bonus. The number of possible combinations is near-infinite, and the game really requires and rewards experimentation. The plot, setting and characters are wonderful. Despite the game's relatively short length (around 10-12 hours, probably), I would recommend taking it easy and letting the game breathe. The intracacies of the plot and gameplay can be subtle and vague, and if you try to burn through the game quickly, you will probably miss quite a bit. Take the time to explore, experiment and take in the world and story, and I guarantee you will love Transistor."
,Recommended,237930,13748044,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,[ Rylon The Pylon ],"Buy this, its probably going to be a golden, but short 5 hour expirience that you wish had lasted longer. Yet its probably gonig to be some of the best 5 hours you've had in a while. With a diffrent combat system, exelent altheteics, and close attention to detail, it is probably one of the best games of 2014."
76561198091214021,Recommended,237930,19658172,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Cedar,"One of the best games I have ever played. Beautiful graphics and art, an amazing soundtrack, and a storyline that will give you the feels. The combat is fun and fast-paced, and it doesn't take long before you get the hang of it.Transistor is 10000/10Please play it! It often comes on sale though, so if you don't want to spend the full amount, you don't have to wait long."
76561198033523446,Recommended,237930,20330219,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,J_C_M_Venom,"I'll start out by saying - this game is amazing! Supergiant games yet again doesn't fail to deliver a game filled with praise-worthy content. Exellent soundtrack, high quality narrative and interesting game mechanics are but few things that will accompany you through the game. Thus said, the only thing that didn't leave me statisfied was the length of the game. It's quite short, yet replayable a little, since you'll not be able to unlock everything in just one completed campaign. Sooo..Definitely recomended!"
76561198102033352,Recommended,237930,16607850,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,KaoschilD,"Have you ever thought about playing with art? Well, if you're visiting this game's page, this is your chance to see how it feels like!First of all, this is no simple indie easy money score. You can see that there were hours spent on dedicated work, constructing this piece of art. I can start by telling you what you already know and what makes this game easy on your boring days, but, instead, I'll just skip to what makes it good and different.Imagine yourself playing a Neil Gaiman's graphic novel (storyline and arts), produced by a Blizzard (isometric gods) and Square Enix (turn based combat milestone) partnership. This gets close to the experience. You will never believe how awesome this game's battles are, until you actually play it. So many possibilities... very few enemy types though. And about the graphic/arts... there is so much to say about it. You may see a mix steam punk and futuristic sci-fi on the references. Gorgeous begin to describe... And the soundtrack?! Mesh up old club music with electronic beats and you get really impressive results!This game was born a classic. With so many uncreative work popping up every single day, this game only lacks more world wide publicity to get it amongst the great ones, where it belongs."
,Recommended,237930,21716791,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Omnistache,I like this game a whole bunch!
76561198104878628,Recommended,237930,19894316,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,mimiroy,"One of my favorite games of all time, gamplay is super fun and the visuals are amazing and really pull you into the world and story that you are playing through."
,Recommended,237930,12203028,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Smoke,"Pros: In Transistor, Supergiant Games has achieved a really interesting marriage between the action RPG and strategy genres. An engaging combat system will draw you in as it's and amazing soundtrack and gorgeous visual design make exploring it's tech-noir mystery storyline a pleasant and unforgettable experience. Definitely worth the price tag, specially if it's on sale.Cons: Combat is an interesting new feature with a distinctive feel to it, but as it is usually the case in these kind of games, it will not be fully fleshed out unless you play in the harder ""new game+"" version of the game.The story can get a little too poetical and abstract at times, making you feel like ""Ok, sure, let's just keep going"" more than ""I wonder what that really represents"" for some sections of the game.All in all, pretty good game. Voice acting is great, even when you just hum to the music."
,Recommended,237930,10259822,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Aven,"Fantastic game, story, soundtrack and gameplay. Literally, if you do not have this game yet, or haven't tried any of Supergiant Games releases, I feel sorry for you. Pick it up."
76561198023201391,Recommended,237930,12712569,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,=TP= Nils,"IF you like bastion, you will like this on too. Transistor has a great way of story telling combined with a timestopping mechanism that I find amazing!"
,Recommended,237930,12713488,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,muka3D,"One of the best games I've played - excellent gameplay, excellent storyline, and breathtaking music. No faults, just perfection!"
76561198055977499,Recommended,237930,12735877,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Ellie Goulding Fan,"Only tossers write lengthy steam reviews so here's a quick list of the reasons you should buy this game.Playstyle is fluid: You get a bunch of abilities, four of which you can slot. The rest of your remaining abilities can be used to augment the slotted abilities, giving bonus effects or changing the ability altogether. You can swap them around, mix and match and change them as much as you want, to find a playstyle that suits you or just to experiment with new ways to play after every fight, keeping things fresh.Art style is beautiful: The city looks amazing and intricate. The cutscenes are minimalistic but still amazingly illustrated. It's a very pretty game to look at.Setting is cool: Futuristic, yet original. It's a city where everything is done by the numbers, to the point where even the sky is painted and the weather is voted on by the residents.  It feels three dimensional.Story is interesting: It's a game that tells you nothing, but leaves tidbits here and there for you to read so you can put together the bigger picture yourself. It's a little frustrating at times but it keeps you wanting more.The music is incredible: When people hark on about a game soundtrack, I usually dismiss it. How memorable can some background music be? Transistor's answer: Phenominal. It fits the game and setting, and like the art style, experiencing it is an absolute pleasure. I've never heard a soundtrack like this before.Short answer: Buy this game. It's bloody good."
,Recommended,237930,12735889,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Gravy Train,"Probably one of my favorite games. People who enjoyed Bastion will feel right at home, as the two games are extremely similar with Transistor mainly changing and improving the combat system. The storyline is compelling and thoroughly enjoyable. Very short game. 5-8 hours with trying out all the challenges and reading the extralore and watching all the beach cutscenes. Worth 20 bucks? Yeah, but I'd much more recomend it on a sale. Definitely worth picking up even on its normal price."
,Recommended,237930,12738133,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,HighChronicler,"Transistor has a great combat style, combo based, beautiful and fresh. Art Direction is great,Pros:Simple to start/Hard to MasterCyberpunkCombatArt StyleCons:Lack of Tutorials (i.e. Text Boxes with information.)Overall my Gripe is not very important, something that only matters for the first 30 minutes. Even if I have only 77 Minutes in the game (as of Wrting this review) It was plenty to decide that this game goes on my favorite list. 10/10"
76561198006261810,Recommended,237930,12738141,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,KaCzU,Transistor is a really good game with an awesome story line and excellant music.  Don't let the screenshots fool you.  It's worth it.
76561198018301431,Recommended,237930,12738383,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,isredel,"While probably not everyone's cup of tea, Transistor has a nice mix between clever combat and deep story.  The best part of the story is that you have to figure out parts of it yourself."
,Recommended,237930,12740421,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Dont worry I have kit,"1. This can be great if they add multiplayer , i mean 4 player killing 1 badass boss2. or your friends can help u on your mission3. DLC'sWHY I LIKE THIS GAME?Beautiful graphicgood plotplans your attack (startegy +  rpg)Music is SO AMAZINGLY GOOD, I MEAN REALLY REALLY GOOD (Press tab to see Red sing )Overall score9/101.Please make multiplayer and more DLCs in the future"
76561198052680380,Recommended,237930,12742665,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,hayachi,"Totally love how this gameplay works, sadly it's quite a short game... if you like strategy games this is one game that is surely you would like."
76561198070461335,Recommended,237930,12627123,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Dugasaur,"-	Beautiful art style-	Breath-taking soundtrack-	Amazing story-	Innovative fighting mechanics-      Perfect narrationIf you have been saving some cash for a rainy day and still haven’t bought this phenomenal game, do so now. Even though the story only takes around 5-6 hours to complete, this game will leave you thinking about it for weeks and is worth every penny.  So settle down into your spinney chair and get some popcorn, because you’re going to love every moment of Transistor."
76561198006813115,Recommended,237930,12645173,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Rick,"A third person action-strategy with RPG elements, and a kickass story that is told magnificently. This is a fantastic game.Highly recommended to anyone, but especially to those who enjoyed Bastion (Supergiant Games' other successful title) and those who appreciate a good story."
,Recommended,237930,12702382,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,brighamman0,"I loved this game. Like it was just great. Great play, soundtrack, story, voice acting.. It just sucks that I already did everything in it. I would play the sh*t out of a sequel, ahaha."
,Recommended,237930,12509374,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,PyroPsychotic,"I love this game, the art work, the music. ive played thorugh it once but will go back to it again in future (too many games on pile of shame!!) The story is fairly short (and a bit random tbh) but the mechanics are solid and the artwork is briliant!!Well recommended!!!"
,Recommended,237930,12510870,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,n0way,"Short, but amazing experience that won't dissapoint fans of Bastion or action RPG's in general. Sky-high production values, interesting and original story, replayability for those who are into NG+ runs.Transistor is unique and it has a soul. Play it."
76561197970479670,Recommended,237930,12703720,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Geldon,"Extremely solid game mechanics meet sublative storytelling, as to be expected from the makers of Bastion.Though the two games share some similarities, Transitor does not require as much twitch skills as Bastion because you do your best work in the paused strategic planning mode, Turn(), that has you just plotting out what you will do to perfection, then execute it and see it done.  Given that kind of power, Transistor is not too hard, but you can activate ""Limiters"" that boost xp rewards in exchange for raising the difficulty.  Things are kept interesting by a clever mixing of various ""functions"" that each can be slotted as one of your four activatable skills, a buff to a slotted activatable skill, or a passive benefit.Clocking in at about 7 1/2 hours to complete, Transistor is one game whose content does not outlast the appeal of its robust game mechanics.  However, there is a ""recursion"" mode which is basically ""New Game+"" (start over, with minor differences from the first run, retain everything you gathered during your first run, even gather doubles of the same ""functions."")  Though, even with recursion mode, you'll eventually run out of challenges and level upgrades, and then there's not a whole lot of point to keep playing.  This is not necessarily a bad thing, Transistor keeps things short and sweet."
,Recommended,237930,12719452,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,galvinford,"Awesome. Another great game by Supergiant.If you liked Bastion, be prepared for something different. The play style of the game teeters on almost ""too"" experimental, but I really liked the risk the developers took.It is much more futuristic than fantasy. The story is... A little confusing at first, but that is what makes you want to go back and play it a second go around. Make sure you investigate. There is much more than lies on the surface with this game.Also, the ""leveling up"" system is pretty great with the different attack styles and such. Makes you experiment even more and see what you can get to work.If you are cool with small time developers, deep(ish) story, and pretty good risk taking, check this one out. You'll most likely like it."
,Recommended,237930,12723385,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Whoop Whoop,"SuperGiant games boys, and some eeriely resemblance since they same people who made Bastion, made this games too(DUH)Great Score.Great Ambience.Great Sound.Battle is quite innovative.Talent/ Skills/ Combo (whatever it is)  takes a little while for me casual plebs to sink in, but still innovative.Does innovative good or bad? Depend.Atleast the battle deviate from Bastion and the only thing that connect them are being the teamdev for each games.Red is gr8 m8. no h8 m8."
,Recommended,237930,12738490,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,marionette.cross,"Definitely a great game. It takes a bit to get started with it, but once you really start to get the combat down, it goes from being a good game to a great game. The controls are responsive, combat is solid, the music and sound effects are perfect, and so far (I haven't beaten the game yet) the story has been really good.My only complaint is that you're limited to eight degrees of movement, and the only reason I have issues with this is that, in a few sections, there are stairwells you have to go up and down that aren't aligned with any of those eight directions, so you end up having to zig-zag on them.Yeah, that's really my worst complaint. ""The stairwells aren't always aligned with one of the eigh degrees of movement.""It really is a great game."
76561197989774643,Recommended,237930,12380951,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,SomeRandomGuy,"Fun combo system, with lot's of combinations to play with. A little easy on the default difficulty, but still enjoyable, and you can make it harder for yourself just like Bastion. Story is interesting, but left something to be desired at the end."
,Recommended,237930,12574789,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Ghregore,"Transistor may grab you with its great art, music and theme but it holds you with its unique real-time/turn-based hybrid gameplay."
,Recommended,237930,12837349,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Poofcat,"Excellent game. It sets you in Media Res, with gorgeous elements that fall naturally into place the entire way. The vibrant and subtly planned colors, setting, and music create an environment that feels a bit loungey, comfortable, but also very intriguing and exciting. The gameplay can be just a little bit overwhelming, as most hack n slashes tend to be, but the AI isn't exactly forgiving and the game encourages the player to diversify their selected moves and to try out different combinations. While the game can also be a little too indirect in where the player needs to lead the protagonist, Red, you do get there after walking about in the stimulating and pretty environment a little bit longer than you expected.The voice acting is clear, the dialogue thoughtfully written. Nothing in regards to the story is simply handed to the player: the player has to work to understand exactly what is not just going on, but what led up to that point. The Characters are interesting, and well I have to admit, it was nice to have Transistor's gravelly yet smooth and resonant voice to encourage me as I went through the city of Cloudbank.I bought it on sale, but I would have bought it full price if I knew how good it was.I'm not going to spoil anything more with any specific details in regards to the characters or the story, but I have to admit the ending did leave me with some questions. At the end of the day, I got a very strong nihilistic vibe from this game. All in all, it's an experience you shouldn't be afraid to try. Gorgeous art, settings, characters, music, and a cryptic, but beautifully complicated background launches you into an endearing, and straightfoward  storyline.((You should buy the album with the game. Just do it.))"
76561198053421231,Recommended,237930,13286917,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,fishheads24,Beautiful game with amazing gameplay. Supergiant brings back the Darren Korb's amazing music along with a story that really engaged me as much as Bastion. The combat system is really enjoyable to use and allows you to change up strategy by changing up your attacks. I only wish this game was a little longer.
76561198021307719,Recommended,237930,13168049,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,[DP] LordUlster [SG],"If you don't play this game, take off your wizard hat and put down your jazz hands, burn your consoles, get a girlfriend, move out of your parents basement and go play football.  Because you are not a gamer."
,Recommended,237930,13675227,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Minty,This game is truly a work of art a must buy in my opinoin and the soundtrack is a must buy
,Recommended,237930,10711372,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,ツ,"One of the finest RPG's I've had the pleasure to play. Absolutely amazing customization in terms of skill and game approach. Astounding game art, soundtrack and a compelling story that makes you want more make this THE best Indie game I've ever played"
,Recommended,237930,13072464,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,cloudsora,Just Beautiful Art.A story that's great on the surface but even more amazing when you dig search for more.Characters that at a glance are cool and amazing when given a better look are even more so.The Gameplay is amazingly simple and fun but at the same time challenging later.This is easily my Game of the Year for 2014.
,Recommended,237930,13718561,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Gay Amanda,♥♥♥♥ this game
76561198014856048,Recommended,237930,13732824,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,SunriseAtSunset,"This is a masterpiece.I've always loved games that tell the story through every single element of the gameplay, and Transistor is no exception. You can choose how much you learn about the characters involved in the story, which is told through the voice of the Transistor for the most part. The voice acting is superb and embellishes an already-compelling tale. The soundtrack--don't even get me started--the soundtrack is massively beautiful, adding to and improving upon the story and world of the game. The visuals are both vibrant and not distracting. And the ending...the ending is exceedingly well-done and satisfying to me as a gamer, and as someone who'd gotten invested in the characters.What really set this game apart for me was the combat system. I am usually a FPS gamer, so this was a new and intriguing experience. By customizing your chosen 'functions' you're also able to customize how you fight the enemies. In addition to that, the turn mode is REALLY interesting. It takes some getting used to, but the transition period is not overly long.All in all, Transistor has rocketed to a spot on my list of Top 5 games. This game is a work of art, simply put, a work of art to be appreciated and revisited. I only wish the base game were longer, but it felt perfectly timed."
,Recommended,237930,10247913,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,[MCat] Corr,"Very bastion-y with a new battle system.  Also, I'm a sucker for good video game sound tracks,"
76561198046358853,Recommended,237930,10685064,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Higgey,Great graphics and music not to hard to get %100 on achievments
76561197991388115,Recommended,237930,14020024,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Lostrous,Absolutley beautiful game. Only a couple hours played but this game has really sucked me in. Great soundtrack too. Will play Bastion after this :) 10/10
,Recommended,237930,24964246,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Axton,Excelent story driven tactical RPG with masses of customisation in the users approach to battle. Strong feels. Super strong.
,Recommended,237930,27259813,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Miracle,"This game really is one of the most effortlessly beautiful games I've ever had the joy of playing. And I don't just mean it's gorgeous eye candy. The sound track pops with atmosphere and titillating pleasure, the dialogue is vague yet meaningful. Playing transistor is like gradually unlocking the parts of a great masterpiece of renaissance art, every component is brilliant, but when it all comes together... Perfect."
,Recommended,237930,16589994,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Pixelbuster,"I love this game to death, can not reccommend it enough"
76561197962893235,Recommended,237930,27839732,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,magicfindsheep,"I actually like this game. From the art to music and story.It blends and I like it. There isn't much to talk about likes because it is simply just good.However,the gameplay can be a little monotones and fights can be repetitive along with the huge combinations of weapons to use which can be actually daunting to many people. Not to mention, there are actually optimzied ways to playing the game and clearing it for achievements but once again, it might be too daunting as the time sinks for this game can be exploring the combinations.Overall a 7/10 for me because i enjoyed it. Simply that."
76561198009687696,Recommended,237930,33460797,Posted: 11 July,all,Tiga-Claw,Ultimate battle between metrosexual and indie singer for an USB drive.
,Recommended,237930,28460052,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Titiontot,"Transistor is Supergiant Games' second title after the amazing thing that was Bastion. With Transistor, it's certain that they really have a knack for creating unique, inspired, and fun experiences.Transistor is a unique, inspired, and fun experience. It's easily one of the best games I've ever played, but you've heard that a thousand times before.In Transistor you play as Red, a famous singer who as a result of some rather bizarre circumstances, has lost her voice. She picks up the Transistor, which is a cool sword that talks. Now she goes on this quest to figure out what the hell is going on and to get her voice back. The combat is something like a hack and slash combined with a strategy game. Red can have up to four skills to use, which she can attack enemies with in real time. If you push Space, you can enter Turn(). Turn() is a planning mode where time freezes. Here you can plan out Red's attacks ahead of time and then play them back, coordinating actions to clear out an entire room of enemies in one maneuver, using up portions of the Plan() bar for each action. On the downside, once you finish doing Turn(), you are extremely vulnerable and unable to defend yourself (under most circumstances) until the Plan bar refills again. It's a surprisingly unique system that manages to be enjoyable and holds a sizeable amount of depth. There are 10+ different ""Functions"" you can get throughout the game, but they can be used as upgrades, passive effects, or abilities all on their own. The idea of being able to freely mix and match these abilities in nearly infinite combinations makes for a variety of gameplay styles and really brought out the inner mad scientist in me.The story itself, while seemingly very simple to begin with, evolves to become rather complex. The Transistor talks to Red throughout her quest, sometimes about mundane things, sometimes about their situation. It serves a much different purpose than Rucks did in Bastion. Where Rucks was more of a narrator, to give insight on the world and set the mood for the story, the Transistor is more of a companion. By the end of the game, the Transistor felt like as much of a companion to me as it did to Red. You get insight into the world and Red as a character through what it says, and your interactions with it and the things around you are how the story unfolds. The way everything comes together is great and really left me satisfied with it all playing out the way it did. The story is not as straightforward as Bastion, however - to get a good understanding of all the plot elements you have to piece a lot of information together that's being given to you, and even the most subtle bits of dialogue may prove vital to comprehension. It's ultimately a very interesting tale in which I found myself getting pretty damn emotional about. For those who want to learn more, each Function is associated with a certain person in Transistor's universe, and by examining a Function after using it, you can learn more about some of the characters. This isn't integral to the story but it is a lovely and interesting extra for the people who seek it.What should be mentioned is that the presentation is absolutely gorgeous. The UI is dripping with a neat modern tech feel, and the world has a beautiful abstract futuristic-noir aesthetic. It was so nice to see and the colors and effects in combat really popped. The soundtrack is a massive part of the experience aswell - I don't really know my genres, but I do know that it's good. It all adds to the atmosphere, and a particularly amazing touch is that using Turn() causes the song currently playing to be replaced by Red humming the melody.Key Points+ Enjoyable and unique combat system+ Beautiful, atmospheric soundtrack+ Unique world+ Great story@ Story requires close attention and may be hard for some to understandGet If- You liked Bastion- You like games with futuristic worlds- You like adventure games with a narrative focus- You want a different kind of strategy action gameFinal VerdictThe game'll last you about 6-9 hours average I would say, and after that you can do Recursion, which is your standard New Game Plus mode. With an amazing atmosphere, great soundtrack, fun and experimental gameplay, and immersive story, there's little reason I can't recommend Transistor."
,Recommended,237930,23940620,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,BenHaMen,Amazing!! Great art and music. Gameplay is fun and easy to learn. One of the best protagonist to play as you feel the same emotions as her and I became attached to her because I never really talked during my gameplay. ADD TO YOUR CART AND EVEN TO A FRIENDS ITS WOTH A STORY TO TELL.
76561198075037464,Recommended,237930,10475398,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Obaba Eshtânesrel,This game is just as good as Bastion!
76561197997050632,Recommended,237930,13572927,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Bryukh,The best game in 2014 IMHO. The interesting and original gameplay with width variations. Art and Music are really beatiful.
76561198062897172,Recommended,237930,27055993,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Axlolotl,"Stunning art and music throught the game, lets you play the way you want with only teaching you the bare minimum of mechanics. Compelling story all the way through, and overall handles well."
,Recommended,237930,11132542,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Forge,"A truly beautiful game, it's story, art, and music make you feel every event that occurs in the game. From start to finish the game is breath-taking, a rare gem in the sewage that most games have become, Transistor is a story to experience."
10166610266610366,Recommended,237930,13803593,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,vegetable,"I like this game.It's quite short but very, very, worth it."
,Recommended,237930,16631398,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Red,Words can't even describe how much of a masterpice this game really from the RPG mechanics to the beautiful art the soundtracks this game is just amazing..
,Recommended,237930,28002056,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Jhuild,Great story telling and narrative as a whole. One of the best games I've played in my Steam list.
,Recommended,237930,29212177,Posted: 12 January,all,jockedition,hoped that by the end id understand why id been impaling bird poop robots with my giant usb for all these hours. i didnt
,Recommended,237930,24579248,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Maddie,"Transistor is a brilliantly amazing game. Amazing combat that fuses real-time and RPG elements, one of the best soundtracks of all time, mesmerizing graphics with a beautiful art style and solid voice acting pack it all into one amazing game. What's best about this game is that it's not made with idiots in mind. The game presumes you are a gamer and have the mindset of one, it expects you to learn quickly and adapt quickly. That really keeps the pace up and keeps the game fun. There's also multiple ways to play in terms of techniques and abilities. The story and the world are very interesting but the ending is quite confusing and worth mulling over. All in all one of the best games of all time in my opinion, simply because of how genius it is. Everything here is amazing."
,Recommended,237930,14161163,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,wonderrouquine,"One of the best games I've played for years! Beautiful, touching, innovative and easy gameplay! It's short but not too much, it's challenging and at the end I wanted more so I've restarted from the beginning for the first time ever. Transistor is amazing! And the soundtrack is so good! Thanks supergiants game for this masterpiece"
,Recommended,237930,10248777,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Sunzo,"This game, is simply amazing.The combat is a free form turn based strategy, which means, it has but is not restricted to, turn based actions.The story is gripping and at times dark.The combat has a ton of variety to create exactly what you want.Fair warning, it's short."
76561198018393232,Recommended,237930,13946018,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,moonsister,"I loved just about everything on this game- the story, the voice acting, turn based fighting and oh the graphics! The references to programming can be found both in skills and artwork, the circuit board-like design transformed into an hommage to Art Deco, reminding me of Gustav Klimt.I also enjoyed the many oppurtunities to save the game. Made this great for just a bit of play after work and something to look forward to every evening. Last but not least I found the idea of limiters to change difficulty greatly appealing.As some people have mentioned before the soundtrack really is as good as they say.10 of 10"
,Recommended,237930,13951648,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Allastom,This game was a work of art and nothing less.
,Recommended,237930,13177722,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Corrino,"Supergiant Games has made it again. Transistor is a wonderful game, with a captivating world and main characters that you'll love.The artwork and the soundtrack are super amazing.The gameplay mechanics are also pretty good (there are some similarities with Bastion on this level).I really liked the diversity of skills and the fact that you can combine them in multiple ways (every skill can be put in an active, passive or upgrade slot). What I also found really cool is that by using the skills in a different manner you actually uncover more of the storyline. This leads to discovering unexpectedly good skill combinations."
,Recommended,237930,11757878,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,pedestrianwolf,Really cool game.I like how I can play it like Bastion with the right combination of functions and then still be able to use turn()My only complaint is length; By the middle of the first recursion I was immortally wrecking things and the challenge went out of it. stacking on limiters only helps a little.
76561198032095974,Recommended,237930,10434610,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Xavier Hevertop,"amazing combat, amazing story, just so amazing."
76561198059673205,Recommended,237930,11411247,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Spamming Tanks,"I am still working through the game, I fuller review will be written when I am done.However, Supergiant Games have done a fantastic job weaving naritive directly into gameplay, they have crafted a beautiful world, and they made a game with one of the most uniqe and engaging combat styles I have seen.If you enjoy isometric RPGs, or naritive driven games, give Transistor a try."
,Recommended,237930,13925433,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,CoolTrigger7,Absolutely beautiful story with great gameplay and an absolutely phenomenal soundtrack. Loved it.
,Recommended,237930,12752411,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,weirdoqueen,"Transistor is super fun, super beautiful, and super addicting! What more could you ask for in a game?Seriously, I cannot recommend this game enough, I'm not a huge micromanager in games but Transistor's style of planning out fights is really enjoyable. The story is great too, if you're into that sort of thing: you learn about the world from bits of dialogue as well as terminals scattered about.My favorite parts though are the Klimt-esque art direction and the soundtrack. This game is definitely one of those that proves that a unified aesthetic is far superior to realistic graphics."
,Recommended,237930,13313709,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Hybrid,"This game is put at the top of my list for my games of the year.  It is a complete work of art that can outdo many AAA titles.  This game was so good that i almost wish i had bought it when it was not on sale, so that the developers would get more money.An absolutely stellar game. 10/10"
,Recommended,237930,13759259,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,E-MAT,"Just finished the main story and for me personally, this game is Game of the Year 2014.Transistor has a very unique gameplay, amazing sound design (Supergiant games are the best at it, in my opinion), and just as good visual design. The customization of the skill system is probably the biggest I have ever seen, you can try out different combinations and it is very interesting to look for the best combo you can achieve.Supergiant Games proved that Bastion was not just a one time success. Although they are a very small team, but already they are supergiants of the video games industry. Can't wait for their future projects."
,Recommended,237930,10184523,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,「Dullahan」,"If you liked Bastion for it's art direction and soundtrack, you'll like this. Gameplay is surprisingly deep and has a much greater emphasis on strategy and tactics, to the point where the game feels more like a strategy-RPG.Super enjoyable/10"
,Recommended,237930,10199058,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Born To Kill(381),"Absolutely sublime from start to finish. I'm gonna get some definite replay value out of it, too. Extremely deep customization and combat systems, excellent art design, level design, enemy design, everything design. And of course, Ashley Barrett's deep and heartfelt vocals lend Red a voice for all of time. I'm still scratching my head over the story; a replay is required to fully decipher everything.That said, the ending was a bit less stellar than Bastion's, and the conflict more opaque. But, the game is better overall. For $20, this game is a steal. 9/10 stars."
,Recommended,237930,25493470,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Pravus44,"great game, awesome soundtrack"
,Recommended,237930,19007884,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,KKCD~,"Gameplay: 8/10Isometric Action-RPG, with 'pause' mechanic.+ The game is fun to play, and switching between Action mode (active whilst moving around and fighting in real time), and Pause mode (the game pauses in order for you to line up skills) is easy and allows for switching of tactics quickly for different encounters.+ New-game plus mode available.+ Well designed death mechanic, at which, upon death, players lose access to one of their most-used skills.- Can get repetitive- Short (4-ish hour) main storyGraphics: 9/10+ The game looks beautiful (hand-drawn art!), plays beautiful. What you see is what you get.- Not many configuration options (res only), but the game is hand-drawn.Audio: 10/10+ Beautiful soundtrack, recommend picking it up.+ Humming ButtonVerdict: 9/10Buy this game.Play it.Play it again."
,Recommended,237930,32683393,Posted: 23 June,all,Perikeet,Good game nice graphics better music amazing storyline.
76561197999824868,Recommended,237930,17720061,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Geodude07,"So I have a rough time figuring out how I feel about this game.But let me try.The combat, the music, the environment were all beautiful. The character design was striking and really I can't say how much I enjoy playing the game for what it is. I enjoy the narration to, which comes from your sword, though sometimes his commentary is pretty empty or generic. I feel a lot more could have been done there.My problem here is the story and the characters.A lot of this game is ambigious and parts of it are meant to be. However too much of it is. We don't know a lot of the things our characters would, concepts and ideas are brought up but we never get a decent explanation. I feel like knowing what the 'country' is would be nice. I mean it could be implied to be death, or it could be people logging out of the virtual world...which is confusing.Some text in game makes it sound like many people are dying, yet other commentary makes it seem like people might have just left. Afterall it seems the world is virtual...to some extent. It makes you wonder about how it all works. Yet this is never really explored. I get wanting things to be mysterious, but in thise case it feels like it would just be basic information. Maybe it's not too important though....Afterall this is a love story in the end, but I think things could have been done to make the player feel more satisified with the ending and more invested in the characters. While the story isn't terrible by any means, it feels like we could have seen a lot more interesting interactions, explored what this utopia was really like and made it all feel more meaningful.To me though...the game was fun, I did like the style and while the characters weren't all that fleshed out I did want to know about them and I did end up caring about what happened to the two main characters."
76561198108160052,Recommended,237930,32760538,Posted: 25 June,all,OceanHorn,amazing soundtrack and beautiful art style. gameplay is smooth and story is unique
,Recommended,237930,32768096,Posted: 25 June,all,TriTech | Farmskins.com,"Best artwork, soundtrack and gameplay of its time, by far one of my personal favourites. Highly recommend."
76561197982236193,Recommended,237930,10277076,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Collic,"A great game. If you've played Bastion you'll know what to expect. It's not perfect, but it's a mostly great 5 to 6 hours with a surprising amount of depth to the combat. Additionally, the new game plus mode is much more enjoyable and worthwhile than it is for most games, which adds to the longevity. And of course the music and visuals are predictably lovely.Worth your time and money."
76561198005412893,Recommended,237930,25955462,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Hailo,"What an amazing little game, emotional, beautiful and surprisingly deep game. So much worth ones times!"
76561198396008575,Recommended,237930,32868401,Posted: 27 June,all,Agent Ace,"Stunning artwork, amazing soundtrack and a beautiful, bittersweet story. I love how complex each character is and how much detail the creators put in them.Would recommend it to anyone, especially those who love a good story."
,Recommended,237930,32842564,Posted: 26 June,all,RahulTheWaffle,"Visually very impressive game with fantastic music and atmosphere. though I personally disliked the more staggered turn based combat when compared to its predecessory, Bastion. Villains lacked adequate depth and writing, and I felt like more time could have been spent on the relationship between Red and her sword.Great narration as always."
,Recommended,237930,32839916,Posted: 26 June,all,HHGamers,"Beautiful game, intriguing story, amazing characters, an outstanding soundtrack, and an epic mix of strategy and action."
,Recommended,237930,32749530,Posted: 24 June,all,stormerne,"Not my kind of game at all, but worth the three bucks just because of how gorgeous it is. I'll probably never progress through the levels - levels and techniques that must seem facile to many experienced gamers - but that's not why I'm playing it.To be honest, I would not have bought this game had it not been on 85% discount during the 2017 Steam summer sale. If it's not on discount, read the other reviews - not mine - for details of gameplay, difficulty, duration etc. But if itison discount, and you love stylish artwork, what are you waiting for? :)"
76561197961304263,Recommended,237930,27121881,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,The Professor,"I really enjoyed the story and I found the gameplay very interesting tactically.  The ability to swap out functions and decide what works best for you in different situations -- combined with the limited ability to pause the action and plan out a ""program"" if you will, was definitely a lot of fun."
76561198047573162,Recommended,237930,14058859,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,maobamboo,"The greatest story I've ever been through /evereverever/This game has so adorable soundtrack, characters and so special noire atmosphere!An ongoing dialogue with player maybe thats the point, this game keeps you on your toes all the time.I recommended it if you are really wanna catch those deeply emotions that game contains. There're plenty of it./mmm../After my first walkthrough I just wasnt able to restart the story, it touched me so.10/10"
,Recommended,237930,10197760,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Lightning,"9/10.+: Amazing music, brilliant story, picturesque visuals, thought provoking, engaging gameplay, lots and lots of replayability (recomended, for your money's worth, to do new game plus)-: You can't change the perspective or zoom in or out, I found myself mildly furstrated with the camera angles (mostly when my view is blocked, but this is a minor if not temporary gripe) and wishing i could zoom in on Red.If you are looking for a long game this isn't it. but if you are looking for a great game that is garanteed to keep you entertained and flush with a ton of replay value, look no further."
,Recommended,237930,13062390,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Smooth Vader,"Some love it, some hate it. The worst thing you can do is compare it to Bastion. Transistor has gorgeous hand drawn assets with some fantastic music by Darren Korb, again, has a single, excellent voice actor accompanying you, and maintains a psuedo-isometric view, but that's about it that remains the same.I found the story predictable, yet gripping and powerful. The combat is tricky, yet is highly adaptive and customizable to your playstyle. likewise with the difficulty. Difficulty is self-inhibited via Limiters, disabilities that scale and reward you with increased experience.The game is well balanced around the highly intruiging and well-scaled combat, surrounded with beautiful assets and gripping characters that drive you forward."
76561198095245395,Recommended,237930,18624192,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,zmakad,"To be honest I wan't sure if to write this review.Why? Well, at almost 9500 positive reviews that most likely covered what I might have to say it seems a bit pointless. Nonetheless - after the 2nd playthrough - I decided to write one as a 'thank-you' note to Supergiant Games.If you have already played Bastion you probably know what to expect here. The game is in the same vain albeit with some different mechanics. I'll keep it short and by points.Pros:- Story: the story isn't mush new, but so was Bastion. What differentiates it from others is the narration and progress.- Visuals: the style consists of a beautifully drawn sci-fi world and blends nicely with the story.- Music: what's more to say? It's from the music director who worked on Bastion [+more songs this time].- Combat: I found the attack customization engaging in developing different play-styles. Plus, the option to play either a hack-n-slash or take your time and plan the attacks can be refreshing when you get tired of one or the other.Cons:- Short: the game can be finished in less than 10 hours [my stats are inflated for idealing for cards and achievement hunting]. I don't regret for buying the game, but I did buy it on sale.-Replayability: it really becomes an issue only because the game is rather short.Overall:Get it if you liked Bastion and if the shortness bothers you, get it on sale."
76561198151755602,Recommended,237930,32748328,Posted: 24 June,all,Shroud,"Well i can tell u it has a good story, but the gameplay r a little bit less than i expected.it has a good soundtrack worth to buy. u should buy it with the soundtrack DLC. totally WORTH IT..!"
76561198081397060,Recommended,237930,32765859,Posted: 25 June,all,erconn11,"Great Art, Great Music, Fun and Unique Gameplay, an Amazing Narrator, and an Intersting Story. What more could you ask for?"
,Recommended,237930,10236085,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Suzurin skinhub.com,Simply a Masterpiece from the creators of Bastion. Highly recomended if you love a good story and a unique gameplay experience.
76561198050229349,Recommended,237930,10241177,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,myst44,"Oh Transistor, fun, interesting, and the soundtrack is just mindblowing..if only I got to play the week I got it, so I would be able to listen it while the story unfolds..still enjoyable massively."
,Recommended,237930,10270722,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Kilgore,"The only comparison to Bastion that should be made is that the art, music, and voice acting are of the same amazing quality, and done by many of the same folks.The combat is a unique blend of realtime and strategy that fits well within the frame of the story. If you like noir style, this game is perfect. My only complaint is that I want more time with it, more flesh on the story, more background. I know it's not Supergiant's style, but I really hope there's some DLC or a sequel to go with this."
,Recommended,237930,10278018,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,The Truant,"Gorgeous art, good storytelling, interesting characters, wonderful soundtrack."
,Recommended,237930,13679620,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,JamesSaysRelax,Stop reading this and play it now
76561198062632903,Recommended,237930,14990950,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,JIng,"oh my godjust finished this game and wow, if you havent played it do right now.at first after playing bastion i didnt expect transistor to live up to how good bastion was, but i was just blown awway by what i dound when i decided to play this.the music is better (thank you darren korb for your brilliance)the art is betterthe story is betterthe combat is betteri personally prefered the styleif supergiant games keep improving on their stuff like this i cant wait for whatever they make next"
,Recommended,237930,10961863,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,LazySeaAnemone,"My first (and only complete) playthrough took 5 hours.BEST 5 HOURS EVER.Buy this game.Buy it now.Your grandma will aprove of your purchase.Your purchase will prevent you from getting ebola.All your friends will love you after you buy this game.The only person who would dislike your purchase is Obama, but than again, he's Obama.The fate of the universe depends on your purchase.You will no longer be single after you buy this game.You will learn how to kill a trained killer. That is big fat Jerk. (See what I did there)In layman's terms, you will get superpowers, fly to the planet Ecxula, and marry an alien princess who's so hot she has achieved Kugelblitz."
76561198031253092,Recommended,237930,25397512,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,gab(L)ag,This game is very good just not as good as Bastion.
,Recommended,237930,10486477,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,IsoAnakin,"Absolutely fantastic game, one of the most visually stunning games I have ever played with new and challenging mechanics and beautiful audio."
76561198020365608,Recommended,237930,10742351,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Landzsa,"Almost as good as Bastion. Better story, combat not quite as good, but both amazing games in their own rights."
,Recommended,237930,13746868,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Big Buff Cheeto Puff,"I'm getting attached to a talking sword!?But honestly, this is a surprisingly good game. If you pick it up, pick it up with the soundtrack. You won't be dissappointed."
,Recommended,237930,30173321,Posted: 25 February,all,calthaer,"Transistor is probably best described as a ""tactical hack & slash."" That odd combo of descriptors speaks to a set of game mechanics that is unique and, at times, complex. The ""trials"" they present you are especially challenging puzzles, as are boss fights. The game offers a wide array of stylistic capabilities, as well as ""limiters"" - options which you can turn on to enhance the difficulty (and your reward).The story is really nothing to speak of - the flimsiest outline of a plot, loosely carried along by vague, non-specific lines of dialogue uttered by cardboard characters with cool portraits but little personality. Don't get this expecting to find an engaging narrative - the gameplay is the real strength here.I paid this game the ultimate compliment and actually beat it. The game is satisfying, albeit frustrating at times - the ""challenge puzzles"" usually have a trick to figure out. Until you do it can feel like you're beating your head against a brick wall - sometimes unsure whether it's your tactics or your ability to execute that's at fault. That being said, the game is well worth it, especially if you enjoyed Bastion - and, frankly, I would recommend Bastion to anyone who's never played a SuperGiant game before I'd send them to Transistor."
,Recommended,237930,30179694,Posted: 25 February,all,Gorib Chele,"Gorgeous, atmospheric setting.Deep combat system.The soundtrack, OH MY GOD THE SOUNDTRACK.Seriously, what's not to like?"
76561198005996699,Recommended,237930,30181569,Posted: 25 February,all,noblevalue,"Incredibly beautiful, but also very boring.The combat system has a great idea, but turns out to be numbing, the mix of real time and kinda-turn-based does not really work.If you can get it for cheap I can assure you that the art, music and general style will keep you going for a while, but you will probably not finish it."
,Recommended,237930,30184349,Posted: 25 February,all,Black_Noongameister,"Beautiful game with a beautiful ending, i recommend this game to anybody. Masterpiece. 10/10"
,Recommended,237930,21746632,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Jaff,amazing artamazing musicdetailed combatintricate story to be discovered by the players that look deep enough.10/10 - amazing game
,Recommended,237930,19466216,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,WheatleyDL,Crying simulator 2014
76561198034259878,Recommended,237930,19930634,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,BOOSTIO,A beautiful game with an amazing soundtrack.
,Recommended,237930,22932971,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Rowen Kuro,The game left me in tears. Feels like my dog died.10/10 will play again
,Recommended,237930,12459768,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Anax of Rhodes,"I liked Bastion more, but this game is as good in its own right.  That's purely personal preference on my part; something about this setting just didn't hook me and I don't know what.  However, it is gorgeous, playable, difficult, unique, balanced, and functional.  10/10. :-)"
,Recommended,237930,19398627,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,ArrogantLife,"A plus plusFantastic game, good story, Good skill customization. just good."
76561198291539627,Recommended,237930,29590280,Posted: 30 January,all,osoriojuanca,great game! beautifull design and gameplay. Lots of options.
76561198120498361,Recommended,237930,19150850,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Sensei-Malfunction,The art is beautiful.The feelings indescribable...Is there more to say? Well. This game was awesome.10/10
76561197999797567,Recommended,237930,10788672,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,TheOctagon,"This game is quickly becoming one of my all time favorites. The artwork is gorgeous, the gameplay is unparalleled, and the story, while not deep, immerses you in the world. Once you're finished, you're gonna want to play it again, just to see what you could do differently. Part tactics game, part action game, this is what I'd like to see more of in the future, but for now, this is my game of the year."
76561197992458813,Recommended,237930,13953866,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,"Hedwyn, the Deserter","Easily my favorite game of 2014, by a long shot.  This is a game that has been stuck in my head even after beating it twice.  Every single aspect is nearly flawless: art, gameplay, story, soundtrack.  I'd go more in depth, but I don't think I could do it justice.  All I can say is believe the hype."
76561198030022684,Recommended,237930,11398560,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Snapcaster,"Beautiful, Imaginative, unique and intriguing. One of the best games I have ever played. Not to mention the soundtrack!"
,Recommended,237930,11400757,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Owari-no-splee,"From Supergaint Games (the same people who brought you Bastion), comes he Sci-FI Acton RPG Transistor, a game that feels like a more futuristic Bastion but with a futuristic setting and with a silent female protagonist named Red, with the narrator taking the form of the talking sword she carries with her (that has he conciousness of a man close to Red) as she peices together what happened to her as well as what is happening to the city of Cloudbank. The game's soundtrack fits in perfectly and is really quite amazing. The game gives the player the job of trying to peice together the stpry as it unravels through voice recordings, terminal messages, and exchanges between the characters. The game can be played with a gamepad but i found a mouse and key to suit better for gameplay. The combat system is complex in the sense that Red has the ability to stop time with ()turn and allow her to plan movements, attacks and combos with limitations of course. Take too much damage and a function you have equipped will short circuit, casuing you to return to another user terminal to try and recover it after a battle. Having all your functions destroyed ultimately cuases death. Each function can be equpided to the Transistor for a main attack, another function for an added effect, or to Red herself for a buff like extended health. The fuction system provides different styles of gameplay and different powerful combinations. The versitility of how these functuions are equipped add to the story becuase the functions, appart from being attacks and various buffs, are actually the essenses of some of cloudbank's finest. The more you use a function in a different slot, the more you'll discover about the person behind the function. The game does a great job of haing the player peice together what is going on, tagged along with a great soundtrack, gorgeous graphics and snazzy voice work make a great game. BUT the game feels just a tad short...that's what made me a little disapointed..so while the game is good, it is recomended to buy during a sale :p"
,Recommended,237930,13679293,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Fezthebear,Very addicting gameplay and an intriguing storyline.
,Recommended,237930,13658546,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Lionfish,"Beautiful artwork and soundtrack; atmospheric mood allows for casual gameplay. While the story itself is quite average, the large range of ability combination along with the mechanics that force you to explore makes it quite interesting to check out new play styles."
,Recommended,237930,10208132,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Orchis,"Refreshing storytelling, cool gameplay, lovable characters (even the bad guys) (especially the bad guys).Soundtrack by Darren Korb is one of my most listened to albums."
,Recommended,237930,10631475,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,GameCharmer,"Amazing game!  Very reminiscient of Bastion, with a modern feel.  Epic storyline worth replaying."
,Recommended,237930,10246980,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Gmr Leon,"Full disclosure:This review was written pretty much hot off the presses of finishing the game, and as such everything below is expressive of my raw impressions of the game after completion. Let that say what it will of the quality of my review.--------------------------------------------Supergiant Games has hit the ball out of the park yetagainwith their second game. As I've made apparent, I liked Bastion,butthis game is substantially different from Bastion in many ways. So if you didn't like Bastion (I hope you at least liked the music and narration), don't let that put you off of Transistor.How is Transistor different from Bastion, you might ask?The combatis entirely different, replacing a weapon-based combat system with an ability-based system withimpressivedepth. As you proceed through the game, you gain new abilities either through leveling up or encountering certain points, and each of these abilities is equipped in one of four slots (1-4 are their hotkeys). However, each of these slots has one open subslot and an additional unlockable subslot, and beside the four base slots, are two slots on each side that are passive slots.As I said, very impressive depth, because each ability operates differently based on whether it's equipped primarily (in the four slots), complementarily (in one of the eight subslots), or supplementarily (in one of four passive slots).The worldis likewise in its differences. You're no longer in a fantasy-esque setting in Transistor, and you don't have to worry about falling off floating platforms anymore. You're grounded, but in a world as far out there as Bastion's. It's a fascinating modern, sci-fi styled world full of mysteries to try to grapple with, not unlike Bastion. Yet, these mysteries aren't resolved like Bastion's, not laid out for you by anyone. If you want to understand Cloudbank, you're gonna have to get digging for yourself. Fortunately, you'll probably want to after exploring the place and its characters.The castis as dynamic as Bastion's, if not more so. There's more detailed background on the much larger casting this time around, and there's more chatter occurring. This isn't to say you're frequently stopped for conversations and the like, you're definitely not, and all the background is entirely optional to look into. You can play the game ignoring the characters as much as you like, and still enjoy it as much as if you were to pay attention, much as in Supergiant's previous title.The musicis as vibrant as ever in this game. It's also as vital to the atmosphere as in Bastion, and while there are equally energetic tracks in Transistor's soundtrack as in Bastion, it's of a very different styling. It's softer, of an electronic jazz vibe, compared to some of Bastion's harder, folksy tunes. If you didn't enjoy Bastion's soundtrack, don't worry, Darren Korb has outdone himself in making Transistor's soundtrack distinct from Bastion's, something you can't necessarily say for many musicians.The storyis fantastic...If you don't mind a story that won't hold your hand. The plot will keep you moving forward to figure out what happened to Red, as well as who acted against her and why, but perhaps even more compelling than that is understanding the world she lives in. Every part of the story from the characters to the setting to what led up to your adventure is a mystery for you to solve, and personally, I loved that. Even after having finished the game, I have questions, and I doubt there are answers, but I like being left with room to imagine on top of their world.If you don't like that, you may not enjoy it, but there's so much more to the game than that to enjoy if you can look past your discomfort with it. The gameplay and music and art are all lovely to experience and behold.The artworkis of a different stripe than Bastion's. It's a mixture of darkness and brightness, in a bit of contrast to Bastion's primarily bright, varied color palette. Transistor has a harsher, darker color scheme, seemingly set mostly at night, but is broken up by bright lights throughout and a transition into a lighter color scheme as the game proceeds. This isn't dark grays accompanied by muddy browns as seen in other games by any stretch of the imagination, but it is something of a darker color scheme if you're coming from Bastion.Not to mention it's also in an urban setting with more futuristic and interestingly styled buildings. That also serves to differentiate the artwork drastically in its own right, having you ascending stairs along the edge of towering structures and taking elevators here and there amidst buildings serves as a different experience than Bastion would have you expecting.Conclusion:If you're looking for a unique scifi styled game with a complex cast of characters with splendid voice acting, music, gameplay,  and artwork, you can't find much better than Transistor right now. Frankly, if you have to decide between this and Watch Dogs, coming out tomorrow as of this writing, I'd say save your money and buy this. While I have nothing against Watch Dogs and intend to get it myself, I think you'll find a far more compelling experience in Transistor, in essentially every way.Thanks for reading! I hope this helped inform you of the game, and led you to pick it up. It's absolutely worth it."
76561197977646450,Recommended,237930,13811335,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,DominicFalcon,"Great soundtrack, fun gameplay (challenging too, when in new game +), and a good story... what's not to like?Could be a bit longer, but the increased difficulty in New Game + makes up for it."
76561198052646513,Recommended,237930,10692508,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,1800GETSOME,"I cannot begin to describe how I feel having just finished my first play-through of Transistor. Needless to say Supergiant has their own secret recipe for engaging story, and they are not afraid to use it.Transistor certainly scores high on my list in terms of gameplay, art style and the like. However, the fact that it could rope in someone as jaded as me and not let go until the very end is what makes this game a 10/10 for me."
76561198081992103,Recommended,237930,12161919,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,NBK.Trap Gimchi,"Beautiful OST, beautiful art, beautiful game"
76561197971309632,Recommended,237930,21039268,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Marcusss,Amazing soundtrack with a bonus game (that is not so bad as well).
,Recommended,237930,10928980,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Baekin Sseuregi,"I'm Loving this game, Supergiant Games knows how to make beautiful scenery and fun games"
,Recommended,237930,10554225,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Daskrix,"This game is beautiful! The sound the art the gameplay, it's all done in a way that draws you in 100%."
,Recommended,237930,11546747,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,satanguy,"If you liked Bastion, you'll like this.Great story, voice acting and game play."
,Recommended,237930,10662346,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Melovinci,"Supergiant Games have brought some of the strengths of their first game, Bastion, to Transistor. The colourful art style of Jen Zee transitions seamlessly from menus to cut scene to game play. Darren Korb has created another thematically suited soundtrack which is inter-dispersed well throughout the game. Transistor also makes use of the isometric, top down view for game play and multiple play styles which can suit the player.Transistor is a great game. It was well-balanced and had an excellent difficulty scale that resulted in a lot of fun. The art style and music draws you into the game and simple act of removing an initial game menu meant Transistor was very easy to jump into every time. I can especially recommend this game to any aficionados of science-fiction, or to anyone who enjoyed Bastion.For full review, visit:http://icarusreviews.net/2014/06/20/transistor-2/"
76561198012163908,Recommended,237930,10224089,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Darth Vader,"When you start playing this game, you have high expectations because of bastions fantastic gameplay and brilliant story... and you WON'T be disappointed...Although made by the same company, both games are different which is great because it doesn't feel like your playing a sequal (because you aren't). Transistor, stands out with its mysterious futuristic setting, with beautiful visuals and captivating story... its gameplay is made SO well that it can be placed in the RTS category but not feel like RTS... i bought this game for $20 and it was worth every cent, especially if you want to be taken on a journey like you've never seen."
,Recommended,237930,13414032,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Blue Ram,Beautiful and mesmerizing.GOTY of 2014.
,Recommended,237930,10979220,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,The Bear Jew,"BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT NOWWWWWWWWWWWYou should play this game. It's amazing. Everything is great. Great gameplay, great story (it requires thought but you'll love it once you piece together the story) and an amazing soundtrack make this a must own."
,Recommended,237930,10991570,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,"CakeZ, The Creator","All these great games are way too short.I wish it were longer, or had a sequel, something. Definitely worth the money."
,Recommended,237930,13850735,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Pussy Kiss,"Вот она, лучшая игра 2014 года.Всем брать!"
76561198060944917,Recommended,237930,10866377,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,G-Ken.Mercy,"Great gameplay and story telling once again from Super Giant Games. A different style from Bastion, it's gameplay is still addicting as ever! And if not, get it for the Soundtrack alone! Highly recommended!"
76561198025780844,Recommended,237930,13773785,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Snapple Crackson,"Bought Transistor during the Steam holiday sale and decided to give it a try. Ended up being a marathon. Great game mechanics, setting, atmosphere and story. The soundtrack was also fantastic. I highly recommend playing it."
76561198005166207,Recommended,237930,10624242,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,techiegamer,Tranistor is beautifully composed with uniqe combat system that must be tried to be enjoyed.
,Recommended,237930,11827341,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,idylia,"Fantastic game with very fun and interesting combat mechanics--plays like nothing else out there, really. You need to pay very close attention to the story to piece together what has happened and in what order but once you do there is a gem to be found there as well. If not for being so short (though, none of the game felt padded in any way, so props for that!) it would be, I think, the best it could possibly be."
76561198043979727,Recommended,237930,10183134,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,jabawoo,so beauty
76561198049779001,Recommended,237930,10192961,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Two Dogs,"Everyone should play this game. Amazing music, amazing gameplay, it must be experienced to be truly appreciated."
,Recommended,237930,11145159,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Shovel,"If I made something this good, I could die happy. The sheer quality of everything in here, and I mean everything, is astounding, and it's proved that Supergiant know what they're doing in a big way. Let's look at some things, shall we?Firstly: The narrative and characters. The story is awright, I'm not really going to go into it cause it's worth experiencing it for yourself, but suffice to say I burned through it in two marathon sittings. There's really not an abundance of information tossed at you, but ne'er a word of the what is there is wasted. There's a weight and a reason to just about everything, and the information is meted out just enough for any kind of conjecture to be a huge adventure and great discussion material. The journey is littered with emotional moments, exploratory vignettes, memorable scenes and is paced so that you think you know what's going on most of the time. Transistor shows you this complex, meta world and incites a horrible thirst for more information that just isn't going to come unless you start digging. There's all these technical terms, but they aren't just tossed in, they all have a specific meaning that's not quite what you think. It's all just the right kind of subtle, and I really, really love it for that.The art: Transistor is a looker alright, but screenshots belie just how pretty it is in motion. There's tons of little quirky bits moving around and morphing, and the whole environment just feels so very alive, it's a little unsettling to see it still. There are also some wonderful set pieces featuring lovely art and occasionally some heart-felt voiceover work, and that stuff is excellent too. I would stick in some outstanding design stuff here, but I really can't pick between the enemies, the environments, the characters and the Transistor itself, it's all just fantastic and wondrous to behold. Every step forward is an adventure, you'll never know what you're going to see next.Musically, there's a hum button. A god-damned hum button. What does it do? Hum, duh. You mean gameplay-wise? Nothing! But you might find yourself sitting there holding it, because the music is so charming and great that a couple of seconds of downtime can't hurt and suddenly your finger aches. Seriously, the alternate versions of tracks, the use of music within the narrative, the changing themes during combat, the jukebox? I couldn't put it better myself.Now that's the arty stuff out of the way. A game can read, look and sound great and still play like a dead fish. Transistor? Ha! Not in the slightest, there's so much going on under the hood here. Each power is unlocked and has three potential uses, depending on where you slot it. Active uses that power, Upgrade adds it's effects to another power in an Active slot, and Passive confers other bonuses. The real meat is when you start unlocking multiple slots and more powers, cause each one is like a new, neat Lego brick to add to your arsenal in a dozen different ways. It encourages experimentation by giving you all these neat tools, but then if you flub a combat encounter and lose all your health, your most expensive power will be rendered Overloaded, and will be unslottable for another while in-game. This FORCES you to improvise and think on your feet, especially in the later stages where things start to get tough. Finishing a combat encounter with a power in one of the three flavours of slots will unlock one paragraph of backstory/biography about a person in the world. In other words, if you wanna know more about anything, you've gotta use all your powers in all ways in at least one fight. All this is so perfect and neatly done, mechanic-wise, I can't even convey how much I think it's great, it's just so right.Now, the thing that ties it all together. The cohesion between all of the above just amplifies all the good aspects in some sort of quality feedback loop that makes everything a zillion times better. The music being at the right point in combat or over a beautiful environment. All those words with real meanings that aren't qiute right, and figuring out what they mean here. Reading between the lines in all the information you find, piecing together a view of this world. The moment when you press hum at the exact right time, and a chill runs down your spine. The first time you use an old power in a new way and suddenly you have a new favourite. The instant you realise things weren't quite as you thought, and the music swells and someone says something portentious and suddenly you're right there, in this world, hoping against hope that you can change things. It all just combines like some sort of megazord into one of the best games. (That's it, there's not going to be a qualifier, just one of the best.)+Art is beautifulMusic is wonderfulMechanics are masterfulThe world is thoughtfulIt's great, buy it.-A little short, but sweet as hellYou'll have to dig for informationShe WHAT. Oh.Transistor is a worthy successor to the Supergiant name, after Bastion I wondered, ""Could they do it again?"" but they knocked any doubts I had right out of the park. To be honest, personally I'm not all that enthused by the isometric adventure-y way they put things, but Transistor is a work of art, it's a fantastic game with a excellent background and production values so high I can't even see them, and damned if I'm not gonna give it the praise it deserves."
,Recommended,237930,10986590,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,mattcha,"Pretty much the most beautiful game i've ever played. From the art style to the gameplay everything was just... perfect.And tears were shed at the end. Not single, manly tears. Buckets."
76561197996090878,Recommended,237930,10626730,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Rook,"I love this game. The characters are interesting, the story is engaging, the music is wonderful. Simply put, it's a masterpiece."
76561197977436512,Recommended,237930,10270660,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Jaxter ¦ вlϊтz,Awesome game. Short and sweet. Exceptionally well presented. Would very much recommend.
,Recommended,237930,10312470,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Xaeji,10\10
,Recommended,237930,11254499,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Ji,Supergiant made another game and successfully found another way to fiddle with my feelings. This game has a unique system for combat that will not disappoint you. Take Jaunt because your life will be hard without it. The soundtrack is amazing. If you loved the music in Bastion this will grab you just like it did. The landscapes are beautiful and it's pretty cool to see how areas are being chewed up by the process. Get this. It's a quick play and you'll love every second.
76561198064911438,Recommended,237930,10924374,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Befowled Water,good game
,Recommended,237930,10230180,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Mju,"Wonderful art, music and story."
,Recommended,237930,13241649,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Leon Awesome,♥♥♥♥.... yes.
76561198066850390,Recommended,237930,24414643,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Arjun go study,"Transistor really took me by surprise. Bought it on sale, didn't really expect much.I started the game for the first time, completely overwhelmed by the artwork and the raw beauty of the colours and the music combined really puts you into a trance. The gameplay is extremely satisfying as well, play it action combat or strategically - it's your choice. However, it is not as easy as it looks.I really didn't have much idea as to what was happening in terms of the storyline. I went through the game completely captured by the art and music so I didn't really care. However as I pieced the bits of information given to me throughout the game together I sort of got a vague understanding as to what was happening. As I progressed through the game, nearing the end especially, things slowly began to make more and more sense.By the end, it all made sense. I sat in my chair, having finished the game, in tears. It was colourful, beautiful, dark, light, saddening, elevating, absolutely shocking, and completely expected at the same time. Words can't really describe this game to be honest, but if there's one thing I wish for you - random stranger - is you play the game.Now this, this is art."
,Recommended,237930,24190611,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Warpath,Question: Is this a game or is it art?Answer:Yes.
76561198167553071,Recommended,237930,20874045,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Retrograderiding,Transistor is downright gorgeous. I was immediately taken in by it's aesthetics and soundtrack then stayed for the lore and combat. I've never really been to compelled to hunt for achievements or write a review before this game which speaks very well on how much I've enjoyed my experience of playing it. I highly recommend giving this game a shot.
,Recommended,237930,24162741,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,rogii,"Yes, I would definitely recommend this game. I'd just like to say thanks to Supergiant Games for making these games. In one word - amazing."
,Recommended,237930,24137140,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Aeo,"Countless praises have already been given for this game and I'll add one more to that one part of the game that gripped me the most and pushed me to get all the achievements: the story.Transistor, like Bastion, is one of those games that has a very serious tone in its story and still manages to feel warm. The writing in this game and how the story progresses will make you ignore how linear the game is. How things end are unlike those cliche stuff where... letting myself go on will just give out spoilers.The story, the music and the visual style; the overall immersion this game can get you in makes it worth full price. Even more."
,Recommended,237930,24183771,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,ЦPPΣЯ BЯΛᄃKΣƬ IƧ FӨЯ PЦƧƧY,"""Masterpiece"" - The only words i can say after i finish this game,Unlike other game which have ""beautiful"" graphic, ""flashy"" gameplay,...... etc, once you begin to start the adventure of ""Red"" - the main character, you can forget all of those things. Because, you are actually live as ""Red"".-Music: 11/10 - If i have the chance, i will always stand in a place, hold Tab, and listen to the beautiful singing (humming) of Red.... (Tips: it might be a spoil but if you see a ""backdoor"", always go for it, unlock each door which will unlock different songs. Then, with each different song, Red will hum in different way.)-Story: 9/10 - When i read the review, some said they don't actually get the story. For me, i can see and can feel that the story was very good and easy to understand. But each person can feel different since the game create a new way of storytelling. Take time to listen and you will see. Still, game is quite short but i think it's fine to end like that (you will understand once you finish the game)-Gameplay: 8/10 - The gameplay are fun. You get the chance to create many kind of play-styles. You can be a ninja (1 hit 1 kill), a trickster (run around and create trap)..... etc etc. However, i'm not quite satisfied since the game was kind of short and i would love to see more things i can do.Overall, this is the game which you can spend your money on without regret, a game which you can play and enjoy every bit of it instead of being forced to play just to finish it (like: WD, Unity,.....)Goodluck with this game and.....See you in Country =)"
,Recommended,237930,10918004,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Sarkathis,"Don't take the screenshots, as beautiful as they are, as an indicator for whether to buy it or not. My brother gushed about this game and I was intrigued but the graphics in these screenshots almost turned me off. I gave it shot when it went on sale and I have to say I am blown away by how emotional and in-depth this game is. It manages to give you very little in the way of story line like other games do, but little quips here and there fill in the breadth of it and I have to say these game writers are genius. The story and the world unfold before you through your skills and kiosks throughout the world. The combat is amazing and entirely customizable. I sit sometimes for a few minutes thinking up different ways to use skills and passives and upgrades and when it all comes together it's awesome. Pick it up. You won't regret it."
,Recommended,237930,12692555,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Paper Ragdoll,"Just finished my first play through of Transistor.It took a few fights to learn the ropes, but the basic story tutorial isn't too bad. The combination potential was pretty amazing and it was a little frustrating not being able to load all the toys and having to pick and choose. Things definitely got easier once I found a good trace combination that suited my fighting style.The end.... lets just say it left me sniffling over my keyboard and reaching for the tissues.Very satisfying.The story, once I got into it, hooked me deep and I finished probably 90% of the story all in 1 day.Not sure I'll play through again, since the game play didn't hook me anywhere nearly as much as needing to know what was the story behind these two figures.A girl with no voice, carrying around the remains of a man who's only a voice.And the world, it's beautiful.If I could dream of this world I would be happy, it's rich, detailed, surreal existance was a real pleasure to explore.All in all a very enjoyable story and game."
,Recommended,237930,24324312,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,nabs,Transistor made my expectations for other games way too high. That's how good this is.
,Recommended,237930,10194797,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,SnMBat,"Though people who played Bastion may be a bit disappointed with this game, it still holds it's own really well. The game is challenging-- I found it to be more so than Bastion-- the story, though vague, is told well through the narration and OVC Terminals, and over all the characters are all so wonderful. The fine details etched into this game can only be found through diligence. The little Easter eggs that appear when you hum; Red's replies within the OVC Terminals build her character more so than any other silent protagonist.This game, though not perfect, is really worth experiencing."
,Recommended,237930,20053568,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Yatamare,"World: 9/10Gameplay: 10/10Story: 8/10A+ game. Gameplay was extremely fun, and the world looked beautiful. I didn't care much for the story, but that being said it was written well with parts I did enjoy and it didn't negatively weigh on any other elements of the game. Solid 6-8 hour game!"
,Recommended,237930,29535482,Posted: 27 January,all,whenimaj,Brilliant sound track and gameplay... one of the best indie games ever!!
76561197977376242,Recommended,237930,29258386,Posted: 14 January,all,ZERO,"If you're familiar with their other game, Bastion, then you have a good idea of what to expect.The game begins with the female main character, Red, pulling the sword named Transistor out of someone who has just been killed.  The rest of the game is essentially her seeking answers and battling with the fallout of that individual's death in this really unique and original world they've created.The game is extremely polished.  Like Bastion, they pair the visuals, music, and narration perfectly.  The game is absolutely dripping with style and attention to detail.  The combat system is really solid (and pretty challenging) as well.  You have four main abilities, or functions, that can be active at one time.  Each function you gain in the game contains the essence of a fallen individual of the city, whose lore you can read about once you possess it.  Each function has a main, secondary, and passive property.  Each one also requires a certain amount of memory, so which abilities you can run at the same time will depend on how much you have invested in increasing your max memory capacity.  The combat can be performed in real time or you can execute the turn() function and plan your moves ahead like a turn based game.  It's highly customizeable, albeit a little overwhelming at first (there is no tutorial but you do run have occasional access to a practice zone throughout).  I completed the playthrough without unlocking all of the passives or secondaries.  I guess that is supposed to draw you towards playing it again.My complaint is that the game is so compact.  It took me about 5 hours to complete.  I guess I played with minimum limiters (kind of like talents you pick to make certain aspects of the game more difficult in return for bonus xp), but if you need to have a multitude of these limiters to stretch out the experience of the game, then maybe somethings wrong.  Additionally, there are only a handful of enemy types (they get progressively more difficult as you advance in the game).  This leads to the combat getting a little repetitive in some combat filled areas.The game is very unique and well made, and I would absolutely recommend it.  However the $20 price-tag seems to have been made with the notion that the buyer would do multiple playthroughs.  I'd pick it up on sale instead."
76561198052503676,Recommended,237930,29263320,Posted: 14 January,all,Fhrosty,"Easily one of my top 10 favorite video games of all time. The story is great despite how short and compact it is (you can easily beat this game in a day).  But what really takes this game to the next level are the atmosphere and soundtrack. They are breathtaking. Get the highest quality headphones you can find, crank up the volume, and lose yourself in this creative and immersive game."
,Recommended,237930,28667936,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,moiglesteen™,"i've been playing this for about 30 minutes...and wow. The graphics, the soundtrack, the art, the characters!!!!! How can an indie game that cost me 3.99 be this good?????????? Im speechless."
,Recommended,237930,28072097,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Bahamus,"All the gears in this game work perfectly together: gameplay, music, story, visuals, voice acting.Just get it, and experience something made with care and love."
,Recommended,237930,27427142,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Deluxeloy,"It's hard not to be impressed with something the makers of Bastion made, but this game didn't disappoint. It had the gorgeous art and music I expected, an interesting story in a complex world, and interesting gameplay mechanics to boot. It's quite a short game, but I recommend everyone to play it at least once."
,Recommended,237930,27617958,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,AlienBoy,"Transistor is a gorgeous game, it is pleasant both to the eye and to the ear. For the eye, it blends hand-painted elements with nicely-lit 3D environment and objects, makes the whole game looks like a painting. For the ear, the sound tracks are otherworldly beautiful, it’s always nice to stop and just listen to the protagonist--Red singing.Transistor creates an unique atmosphere with a futuristic city and creative action planning/upgrading system. Actions in the game are neat and has thousands of combinations, you can creatively combine so called “functions” to customize your desired effects and styles. Though the overall length is a bit short - I think it is justified with its pricing -, it sets a brilliant example for must-play indie games."
,Recommended,237930,28631049,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,BPUnit,Everything about this game is sweet.I can't believe I waited so long to try it.Don't be like me. Play it now.
76561198003659909,Recommended,237930,29155966,Posted: 9 January,all,Viktor,"I just personally wanna state that this is one of the few games I will reminisce about on many occasions in the future.The Soundtrack easily feeds into the compelling storyline and grips you in this amazing game, and if that's not enough to hold you the gameplay is both impressive and addictive with room for replay value to test the many combat paths you can choose.I found myself loving the protaganist ""Red"" and humming along with her tunes as she slashed her way through enemy after enemy.All in all this game places in my top 10 games of all time, sure it may drop lower then that in the future, but as it stands this game is definately one of the few who will stick with you even after many more years of gaming."
,Recommended,237930,28920157,Posted: 1 January,all,Gabe and Kevo,"You should totally pick up this game.You know, before we all become oooooonnnneeee.OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOONEEEEEEEEEEEE."
,Recommended,237930,27522390,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Microwaved Bananas,"One of the Best Games I have ever played. Every aspect was stellar, from gameplay, art style, music and plot all were amazing."
,Recommended,237930,26849793,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Leinu~~,"Very lovely story, soundtrack is absolutly gorgeous"
,Recommended,237930,26959467,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Duck On Duty,Amazing game!-Really good music-Great voice acting-Very nice visuals-WORTH MORE THAN IT COSTS! I got it on sale for -75% off...... that's crazy I would gladly pay a lot more for this game
,Recommended,237930,27998229,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Lindet,This game is just a paradise for your eyes and ears. Sometimes i launch the game just to listen Red's mumbling and watch the city on the background
76561198087486899,Recommended,237930,28015747,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Star,"Beautiful game with a great story.  Lots of different options for combat as you can play around with many different abilities and you don't have to use the turn-based option.  The art is just amazing, highly recommended!"
,Recommended,237930,11096595,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,ClasyWaggon_,"Great replay value, offers the oppritunity to continue from the start with abilities learned in the prior save. Similar to Bastion considering the same devs, but has a rich and individual story of its own."
,Recommended,237930,11090544,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,applebaps,"This game is insanely good.  It's worth way way more than the price tag.  The level of attention to detail and atmosphere is crazy.  The music is really really good, the art is very nice.  The gameplay is tactical and deep, allowing for lots of customization and plenty of flexible options, without sacrificing ease of use and simple fun.  And the difficulty ramps up significantly as it goes, keeping things fresh even as you master it.  The story is engaging and told in a really cool way, and since this is the Bastion people, the narrator-type character is of course very well done.  I basically recommend this game to everyone.  Seriously.  I'm not even gonna go into huge detail about the mechanics, you don't need to know.  Just buy the game and play it and you'll see.  Do it."
,Recommended,237930,27460938,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,xdlomad,"this game is astounding i will give it a 8/10i played its previous game called bastion which i didnt enjoy since it was a lot difficult than this game and the levels in bastion was kinda repetitivebut this game had amazing art and amazing story,never have i fell in love with a talking swordthe gameplay is quite smooth and you can up the difficulty with some mods added in the game.the comedy was defitnetly in there too and it cracked me up.the amazing music was defitnetly my favoritre part ,i just love the music.the suspense in the story also shakens me up sometimesi think if you have the money you should defitnetly try this game out its awesome"
,Recommended,237930,26817019,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Cynthia,The Supergiants did it again.
,Recommended,237930,27015132,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,oaztehn,"There's not just one thing I love about this game. The artwork, visuals, music, gameplay, story - everything is amazing, outstanding, and breathtakingly immersive.Also, Spine of the World makes an amazing James Bond movie title."
76561197981859435,Recommended,237930,25386308,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Hellgatsu,"The gameplay is kinda unique,the game feels unique and special in so many ways. A little gem nobody should miss"
,Recommended,237930,12760993,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Daggere,You can run around slashing things with a talking sword boyfriend.10/10.edit: badge
,Recommended,237930,30173024,Posted: 25 February,all,rmotao,Funciona muito bem no Linux.
76561197970656331,Recommended,237930,13771461,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,GhostF,Great and atmospheric visual style and soundtrack!
76561198060601036,Recommended,237930,32831230,Posted: 26 June,all,Don_Cesa,"So i bought this game because it looked kinda cool, now im 2h in and i must say,I FELL IN LOVE!!First of all, the art style is amazing there are so many details and the overall maps are just gorgeous.Secoundly the singing/humming mechanic is just beautiful, it fits in the atmosphere so well.The combat system isn't only unique but also a lot of fun and the way you can set the difficulty is just awesome.I'm really looking forward to get to know more about the story and the charakters and can't wait to play my next session.Yours sincerely,a happy customer :D"
,Recommended,237930,13352087,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Miichel,Awesome()
,Recommended,237930,13873384,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Coolcise,"Great art, very enjoyable gameplay and an amazing story! Supergiant Games succesfully made another must-play game."
,Recommended,237930,24020164,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Nihilism Enthusiast,"Excellent game. Beautiful Nihilist Love Story.The sound design is simply astonishing and it gave me chills several times throught the playthrough. Final boss is one of the strangest experiences as far as final bosses are concerned.Combat system seems complex and deep but by the time I finished the game I was not entirely convinced, it is fun to play and experiment, I will say that much.But really the atmosphere/world and music are the real reasons to play this game in my opinion."
,Recommended,237930,13834477,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,aerinthinker,"Transistor is a vibrant, powerful story of love and loss whose central mystery is revealed as you play through fast-paced and interesting battles seeking the people who have wronged you. The art is stylish and minimalistic but pulses with color and life. The central character(s) and even the villains are unique and interesting (and the villains do their best to be somewhat sympathetic ;) ).10/10 will play again"
,Recommended,237930,32767596,Posted: 25 June,all,Catchthis,"I am writing this after I finished this game and I must say I am very pleased with this game. The gameplay, story and soundtrack is good. It has a nice learning curve through the game and have nice bosses that keeps the pace going. There are mini challanges in the game so they are really challanges sometimes overall 10/10 from me."
76561198045843559,Recommended,237930,33256631,Posted: 4 July,all,MrPR0PAGANDA,"So glad I bought this game. Didn't really know much about it before I started, but the summer sale had a great deal and the game had great reviews. Now I know why.After beating the game, I honestly can say I still don't really understand the story. Yet, somehow that doesn't matter. The soundtrack, the narration, the endless customization of functions that lead to so many different viable ways of playing and succeeding, and even the small bits of the story I could make out made such a memorable experience.What made the game so great for me personally was the way in which you could customize your ""loadout."" Finding new function combinations and strong combos were so satisfying. If you wanted to play a passive run and gun style, you could do that. If you wanted to just brute force your way through every fight, you could do that. The game allows itself to beaten in every style, and it makes it so satisfying.TLDR;This game is cheap....buy it"
,Recommended,237930,33188876,Posted: 3 July,all,Czar507,"AWESOME GAME!! fun to play, replayability value, also lots to setup your skills making gameplay feel really different and fresh everytime you discover a new formula, making you switch your play style!!"
76561198031152588,Recommended,237930,10627373,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Eduardo,"The player starts in the middle of action without any hint of what is going on. Soon, he will put put pieces together revealing the past events and the main plot. The story is great  and the amazing voice acting really contribute for the storytelling. Also, the art creates a beautiful futuristic immersive city.The combat machanics are very addicting combining elements of strategy/rpg and real time action. The game offers a lot of ways to aproach battle and it's a lot of fun testing the different combinations of skills and planning every move.And the music - oh! The music! - The soundtrack perfectly blends with the mood, the plot and the gameplay and the songs are responsible for the greatest moments of the game (What a voice!).It could have a bit more of exploration, but this doesn't interfere with the experience.Great game, I recommend."
,Recommended,237930,11215846,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Nicole Bacon,Transistor grabbed me and didn't let me go until I was staring at the ending screen.I haven't enjoyed anything this much in a long time.Absolutely gorgeous in every way.
,Recommended,237930,32825687,Posted: 26 June,all,KyandiiChan,"This game has one of the best soundtracks I've ever heard.If you don't have Transistor yet, don't watch any playthroughs or read any spoilers, just get the game and play it.10/10 would recommend."
,Recommended,237930,16603930,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,nazee zamby patriarch,"I liked bastion, but this is even better.THE CALAMITY"
,Recommended,237930,28594817,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,|METT| Dihler™,"Easily one of the best games I have ever played in my entire life so far. Amazing music, good story, thought-through mechanics and fitting graphics. Now I do understand that this type of game is not for everybody but if you are a little bit into either action RPGs or strategic games I highly recommend that youll check it out.Also it's a game with a button dedicated to the character to start humming along to the music, do I really need to say more?"
,Recommended,237930,13767708,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Knowledge Man,"Not only is the game a fantastic example of superb aesthetics and music, it is a thoroughly enjoyable game from start to finish.Definitely check this out, if not for the compelling gameplay it is worth it solely for its visual design and soundtrack."
76561197998901565,Recommended,237930,10202074,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Xeerz,"Supergiant delivers yet again a pearl of a platformer/hack/rpg/slash/thing. All I got to say is this: Did you liked Bastion, play it. Do you enjoy good stories, play it. Do you like good music, play it.JUST BLOODY BUY IT ALREADY."
,Recommended,237930,21054514,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,DrunkArmadillo,"Exceptionally beautiful graphics with a very interesting storyline, which can be a little hard to follow at times, but totally worth the investment.  The fighting system is unique and might not be for everyone, but it requires tactical thinking without making it too difficult. One of the most important aspects for me personally is the good balance between battle oppurtunities and the story. Really good to see a quality game with a female lead."
,Recommended,237930,10188404,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,LS* | Headpat,"As I've expected, Supergiant Games has done it again: A beautifully crafted masterpiece of an indie game. Good soundtrack? Check. Logan Cunningham providing yet another good voice for a character? Check. Story and combat to keep you glued to your screen? Check. My only gripe? The short, yet sweet storyline. Lasting for only around 4-6 hours, it's quite an enjoyable experience albeit short and slightly expensive (although I consider that $20 paid for itself). I suggest getting it on sale for a lower price, but even with a high pricetag it's well worth it on its own. If you want to support the devs even more, grab the soundtrack. It's amazing.Final Verdict: Solid 8.5/10. It has its rough edges and it's obviously not a perfect game. It, however, is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing so grab it anyway."
,Recommended,237930,28762722,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Fraa Jad,The story was a little difficult to piece together at first but after I figured out what was going on it was great! I particularly enjoyed the skill system and finding different ways to lay waste to enemies.
,Recommended,237930,10708009,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,BalianBlue,Hum Button11/10
,Recommended,237930,22886830,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,ｈｕｓｈ．,an unironically good game w baller music.
76561198286256819,Recommended,237930,27015496,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Vanquisher,"Artstyle - 10/10Gameplay - 8/10Story - 9/10Soundtrack - 10/10This a rare kind of game that will make you want to take your time to appreciate its gorgeous visuals, awe-inspiring sountrack and fulfilling story."
,Recommended,237930,19989744,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Jumbo,"Transistor is a truly unique and dynamic experience. The depth of its gameplay and narrative accompanied by the impeccable visuals and sounds – soundtrack and effects – makes it an immersive, emotional and joyous game to play.The combat system features the ability to alternate between a planning sequence and real-time combat with fluidity. The game also offers over 1000 unique ability combinations, and a death system which forces the player to experiment at times; this creates an abundance of awesome synergies to be found that are incredibly satisfying to play with.The visuals and music are beautiful and are implemented within the game so well to enhance the emotional impact of its narrative. Though it’s quite a sad game, the narration (also amazing) fluctuates between light-hearted and playful, and sombre and solemn.Though many complain about its length being too short, I think it has a lot of replayability due to the complex story, challenges to complete and new game plus allowing you to restart the story but continue progressing to acquire new abilities.Ultimately, Transistor is an amazing and unforgettable game. It’s fun, exciting, emotional, intense and everything you would want from a story-based action RPG.10/10 for me"
,Recommended,237930,22859091,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,SQUISHY,"In Transistor, you play as Red, a famous singer who is targeted by a mysterious group known as the Camerata. Fortunately, you escape, taking with you the mysterious sword-like Transistor - containing the soul of a man you once knew. Above all else, Transistor is a love story. It tells the tale of a woman in love with a city, its people, and maybe even a sword. Set to a fantastic score by Darren Korb (also from Bastion), the world is full of vibrance and culture. Every area reveals more of the city and the culmination of events that led to the formation of the Camerata and the invasion of the Process.Play it if you:+ Enjoyed Bastion+ Enjoy strong narrative and world building+ Like isometric gameplay (a la Diablo and Bastion)"
76561198065726595,Recommended,237930,33750367,Posted: 23 July,all,"Damn You, Murphy","Man, this game.Seeing as Supergiant's third game, Pyre, will be released a couple of days after this review, I thought it might be a good time to review Supergiant's other games as well. Transistor is the second game made by this studio, released in 2014, and after playing it on and off for a couple of years, it remains one of the games closest to my heart for a multitude of reasons.Transistor takes place in the fictional utopia of Cloudbank, which recently has had a string of incidents leading up to the spread of a robotic ""plague"" called The Process. You play as Red, a singer whose voice has been stolen literally and metaphorically by this upper ""secret society"" called the Camerata. You go around the city of cloudbank, attempting to end the spread of the Process and bring justice to the group of people who made it. This story is the best I have ever played through. It made me laugh, worry, and even cry. The story is fantastically written and got me attached to the characters. Even if you feel like you can’t get enough of the regular story, each ability has a little bit of lore tied to it that you can unlock by using the abilities differently.The gameplay itself is innovative and immersive (while feeling maybe a bit repetitive at times – as will be explained later). You wield a sword-type object called the Transistor. The Transistor can download the consciousness of deceased people to upgrade itself and create new abilities for the user. The primary combat mechanic is that of interchangeable and stackable abilities that can be combined in hundreds of ways as offensive or defensive. This allows for heavy replayability, trying new combinations of abilities to do different things. Similarly to supergiant’s previous game, Bastion, there are ways to make the game more difficult to add to replayability- these challenges are called limiters and, for example, make enemies stronger, limit your abilities, and the like. The game can play two ways interchangeably- a turn-based strategy game, or a real time ability-based brawler using this time-stopping mechanic called Turn(). The two seamlessly combine in and out of each other, feeling balanced, and still difficult.The art direction of this game is stunning. Similar to Bastion, the handdrawn visuals are beautiful and cinematic. They immerse the player in the world and make it feel alive. The menus all feel like they belong there, which is a level of detail that many games neglect. What Initially drew me to this game, however, was the superb soundtrack composed by Darren Korb-who also worked on Bastion's soundtrack. I found it on Supergiant's Bandcamp page after listening to Bastion's soundtrack there. The developers at Supergiant know that this is one of the strengths of their game, and added a button in this game that just allows Red to sit there and hum along with the soundtrack. That in itself is fantastic. The vocals of Red by Ashely Barrett breathe a new life into this game that I've rarely seen in other games. The voice acting in this game is rich and compelling, from the members of the Camerata, to the Transistor itself.As previously mentioned, there is some feeling of repetition. I mostly experienced this while replaying the game, but I also experienced this feeling in some of the combat parts of my initial playthrough. The problem of potential lack of replayability appears to have been recognized by Supergiant, however, and the team has created new challenges that some players would just run past like I did initially. The story overall is on the shorter side time-wise (as compared to triple a games), but the game definitely makes up for it with beautiful story- and worldcrafting. The final boss is innovative as well, but feels a bit clunky due to some mechanics choices.He has the same ""Turn"" ability as the player, which allows him to stop time and escape a meticulously planned move or clutch attack by the player. This ended up being frustrating for me, but it honestly didn’t detract much from the whole, seeing as it is an incredibly innovative mechanic for a boss to have- and I love to see small studios trying new things.Transistor definitely a game worth the price. It is a game close to my heart due to the attachment it builds in the player. As Supergiant's second game, it made a leap forward in production value, and I hope this trend will continue with Pyre. I wholeheartedly recommend this game to anyone and everyone- it has something to offer in all fields.As a side note, the soundtrack (which is stupendous) is available to listen to online at their Bandcamp page:https://supergiantgames.bandcamp.com/album/transistor-original-soundtrack.But I recommend that if you want to support the developers, you should purchase it on Steam or buy one of the hard copies at their website. They have it in vinyl, CD, or digital.https://store.supergiantgames.com/collections/transistor-merchandise."
76561198065530746,Recommended,237930,20373790,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Snorty Saiga,"Super Giant Games had improved themselves after Bastion and created this outstanding piece of art. The artwork is stunningly beautiful, everything is flourished with colours. Moreover, they've changed the artstyle for the characters: from chibi-ish Bastion into a more realistic style. The soundtrack music blends perfectly with the game, it gives that futuristic cyberpunk atmosphere. Even in the song 'Sandbox', you can still here bleeps of machine, indicating it's some sort of an artificial environment.Super Giant Games is consistently giving the function to raise the difficulty level (Limiters) and also a wide range of play style just like Bastion.  The game is more of a tactical approach, but it also gives the option to go hack 'n slash/ beat'em up mode. The game is also more punishing by destroying a random Function everytime your health is depleted. Although the destroyed Function is recoverable, it might be a crucial one during that encounter.The storyline is a bit vague. Even if you listen closely to everyone, there are still questions remain. However, each of the side characters have been given surprisingly detailed  back stories, although they are not directly linked with the main storyline.Overall, this game is very much enjoyable: audibly, visually, and gameplay-wise. The only downside I had was the challenges and bosses, which I felt  are not as difficult as Bastion's."
76561198128890522,Recommended,237930,12743076,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Zijven,"Amazing graphics, interesting gameplay and plot. So far, very very satisfied with it."
,Recommended,237930,33791502,Posted: 25 July,all,Solar,"I love everything about this game, the artstyle, the soundtrack, the story, but most of all the gameplay! This game has the most unique combat system, you can create many new abilities by combining other abilities, and there are so many! I don't replay through most games and get all the achievements but I did for this one because the gameplay is so fun, I enjoyed swapping around my abilities to create new ones to fight the enemies in different ways. The only negative is that the story is a little short, but I still think it's worth the price, especially if you get it on sale like I did."
,Recommended,237930,29417078,Posted: 22 January,all,Folgryffe,"This game's worth your money guys.It's not a really long game, in fact it's the first I've ever completed with all achievements, and it took me like 20 hours.But playing this game's what you want to be doing for 20 hours of your life, trust me on this.You may have read that it has great soundtrack or graphics. Everything is true, but the most important thing about this game is how everything is masterfully put together. It's almost an error to talk about the OST as if it was something that could be treated separetedly. You should treat everything in Transistor as whole, and a damn good one."
,Recommended,237930,26936167,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Susurrus,"Fantastic story.Interesting mechanics.Beautiful soundtrack.Gorgeous artwork.An absolute favourite, and well worth playing."
,Recommended,237930,27145461,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,LoGAReTM,"Very good looking game, with amazing soundtracks and story, gameplay is fluid and very responsive."
76561198126935990,Recommended,237930,23782136,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,ImOkAtThis,"When you buy Transistor, you don't just buy an amazing game, you buy a ticket to a feels trip! But seriously though, this game is amazing. I was immediately in love with the game within the first few minutes. The asthetic is different and unique. The gameplay is fun and very customizable. I can't even describe how amazing the music is. The world and its lore is very interesting, and you can find out more about people if you so desire. And it isn't that hard to get said lore. Seriously, get this game. It's a masterpiece and is probably my favorite game (for real). The one downside though is it is fairly short, but it has replayability. There's a new game plus mode where you keep everything and your levels and start from the beginning."
,Recommended,237930,16830354,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,B1ackD0g,"Very good art style, fun gameplay, RPG elements really work. Story narrative and a premise aren't much but the messages they send are solid and touching/shocking (underline as needed).Story is not exactly what the game makes it out to be from the get go, it's much better and personalAll characters are amazing in their own ways, but Red and her lover own the game imo.It's short (4-8 hours for first playthrough) but addictiveRecommended!"
,Recommended,237930,10956064,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,snakepaws,"Do NOT expect a sequel to Bastion. This is not it.Now that that's out of the way, it's a solid enough game. Darren Korb, the composer from Bastion, is back with a fantastic soundtrack; just don't expect more ""frontier trip hop"" that you may be wanting. The narrator is also back, but less rustled.This game LOOKS like Bastion, but the fighting mecahnics are definitely different. Where Bastion was more hack n' slash, Transistor is almost turn-based. You stop time (think VAT system in Fallout 3), line up and target enemies with attacks, see what damage it'll do, undo, adjust, etc, and then release time and unleash hell. The system works well.Bottom line, it's a fantastic game - just don't expect it to be another Bastion."
,Recommended,237930,18801699,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,TheBear,"Just got my 100% achievements in Transistor which isn't hard or anything, but I feel like I can say a few words about it.Honestly if you are looking at some pure story driven games this is the one that you should look at first. Beautiful artstyle, music is just out of this world and a very satisfying ending. The game is about 5-6 hours which is on the short side nevertheless the game is extremely good with fun combat, plenty of different skill combinations to use and a few achievements if you feel adventurous afterwards."
,Recommended,237930,25503318,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Mortreal,"What a masterpiece, Bastion was very good but this was just awesome.  The narration in those two games makes for a truly magic experience, this game is like a song you cherish.  I started the game again as soon as I finished it, I never do that..!  The combination of the different attacks you can do make for a varied gameplay and the art is just as amazing as it is imaginative. Easy to grasp in every way and you can crack up the battles almost as much as you like, so it's definitely a buy. I would even buy at full price because it's such a gem for me and I like to support developers that deserve their money if we want them to make more awesome game..!"
,Recommended,237930,22623979,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,z7xfla,"Transistor is a well-made action RPG presented from an isometric perspective.  One of the first things you will notice about the game is the gorgeous art direction; the main character and the enemies (called ""The Process"") are represented as cel-shaded 3D models that blend perfectly with the 2D backgrounds, which depict the colorful futuristic environments of the game's setting, a city called Cloudbank.  The music fits the atmosphere very well, and will change appropriately depending on what kind of a place you're wandering through.  Your actions throughout the game will be narrated by your sword, the titular Transistor (or rather, the person trapped inside of it), much like how there was a narrator in Bastion (the developer's previous game).  While the narrator's voice can occasionally be difficult to understand due to the sound filtering, the voice acting is still very much on key.The biggest strength of this game, however, is certainly the deep battle system.  Throughout the game, you will acquire ""functions"" for the Transistor.  These functions can be placed and switched around into various slots to serve three different purposes: adding a new attack, upgrading an existing attack, or adding a passive effect.  Each function represents a different type of attack, and you can have up to four.  Each of these attacks also has one or two upgrade slots (depending on your progression), where you can attach another function to add its own unique effect to that attack.  You can also place a function in a passive slot, which will have a different effect on the player depending on the function; for example, the player may gradually recover health, or all attacks may become stronger.  Not only is it very interesting to experiment with the endless amount of different combinations of functions for the Transistor, you are basically forced to experiment because whenever your life bar depletes, one of your attack functions is disabled for the next two save points (you die if you lose all four).  This game also has a fair amount of replayablility due to the option to start a New Game+ after you finish, which increases the difficulty and preserves all of your functions and other sorts of progress (including your progress on the bonus challenges, which you will likely not complete in one playthrough).I would say that the biggest drawback of Transistor is the story.  While it can sometimes be interesting, at other times it can be rather difficult to understand what's going on.  Maybe some people might think that parts of the story are open to the player's interpretation, but there's a point where this openness to interpretation just becomes a bunch of flat-out plot holes, and unfortunately this is the case in the game's plot.  However, I believe that Transistor is one of those games where the story takes a back seat to the gameplay, so this should ultimately be a minor nuisance.  This game is definitely worth a purchase, and I'm glad I played it."
,Recommended,237930,25214388,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Edgewalker,"(Descriptive without spoilers)Transistor is a tactical game that is rich in atmosphere that combines stylized visuals with just the right selection of music to match it. Red, Transistor's silent protagonist (except for her occasional beautiful, eerie singing) is a minimal figure who is dropped almost immediately into the action.Combat in Transistor consists of real time segments which are broken up by Red's ""Turn()"" ability, which freezes time and allows her to make a series of rapid moves in succession. Afterwards, she must evade enemies until her Turn() ability is ready again. During a Turn(), the music becomes an ethereal, airy version of the same combat music that plays during real time. The combination of slow tactical play (turns) and frantic evasion is perfectly balanced so that one never gets bored with the pacing.You acquire abilites over the course of the game to use in combat. Every ability can be either used directly, attached to another ability to give it a bonus, or attach it to Red herself to provide a passive bonus. For example, one ability pulls enemies to Red. Linked to another ability, it instead causes that ability to create a vacuum that pulls enemies toward it. Linked to Red, it increases her item pickup radius. Discovering interactions of this sort is a main part of the fun in Transistor.Pros+ Atmosphere, music and art are appealingly stylistic. Looks great on 4k and sounds great on a good system.+ ""Show not tell"" style of storytelling reveals backstory over time without awkward exposition.+ Ability system provides variety and many strategic options to explore+ Fast/Slow combat system is fun+ Sufficiently challengingCons- When you start to lose in combat, you temporarily lose access to abilities one by one, which will seriously annoy some players, and can make a battle unwinnable.- Red is so minimal that she can hardly be said to have a personality.- Railroading. There are no decisions to make about which paths to take. There is only forward to the next encounter, except optional breaks to do challenges. One popular reviewer claimed ""most"" of his time in the game was spent exploring. This isn't possible, because other than a couple of small side-areas and easter eggs, there's nothing to explore.*- The only real decision is what ability to select on level up, but that feels more like lost opportunities since you are choosing between two things and you don't know what either *really* does. The proper way to do this would be to let the player experiment with each power before requiring an irreversible choice between them.- Some environmental interactions are clearly just padding. Have Red stare at what you can already see, for example.- The game is quite short. While this preserves the freshness of the style, it does mean it's over while you still want more.* I would level a charge of dishonesty at this reviewer if I thought it would have an effect."
,Recommended,237930,10352981,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Silver Aura,"Transistor has one of the most unique combat engines I've seen in a game, in a good way. It's got the basic hack/slash combat, but throws a spark into it by introducing a clever ""turn-based"" feature which might feel overpowered at first. However given the weight at which you're out numbered, the game definitely knows you've got a trick up your sleeve and feels compelled to ensure you're not allowed to run rampant with it - you will lose functions, you will be forced to strategize.Combat aside, the game has a deep, fleshed out story that, while not completely interwoven with the gameplay, convinces you to earn it through actively combining various functions in various roles. It further pushes you to do this by not simply killing you upon death, but allowing you to continue fight with heavily relied upon functions being removed from your arsenal. The result being a stronger emphasis on reworking your strategy and further opening up more backstory.In short: The game does a lot of new stuff while keeping fresh some of the more traditional concepts. I'd even go as far as to say that it's brilliant on everything it does new and nothing short of great on it's weaker areas, as far and few as they even are."
,Recommended,237930,10252169,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,draco_aroch,"I liked this game, but it was primarily due to the combat style.  It uses a combination of turn-based and real-time.  The player gets to decide how to handle combat.  Does the player use TB or RT?  Most of the time I used turn-based.  Sure, I could attempt to play it like Bastion, but playing by turn gives some added benefits.The storyline leaves much to be desired.  I found it to be full of plot holes and towards the end, it seemed rush and slapped together.  Up to that point, I found it intriguing.  However, it really loses the player towards the end.Additionally, the difficulty curve of the game was a bit uneven in spots.  From what I found, the player would be engaged with somewhat challenging opponents and then, suddenly, would have to take on a boss that was much, much more difficult than what the player had dealt with prior.  After that point, the level of challenge never really peaked beyond the difficulty of that boss - not even the last boss.Should you get it?  Well, that depends.  Did you like the music in Bastion?  Do you like linear, but somewhat engaging storylines?  Will the better aspects of the game (e.g. combat, music) outweigh the not-so-great?The good:Great musicDifferent style of combatNice art styleMysterious storylineGreat narrationThe bad:Still a bit glitchy after a couple of dev patchesPredictable storylineUneven difficulty curve"
,Recommended,237930,14117255,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,{PK} HastyPixels,"Lucious, and I'm not just talking about the protagonist, Red. Everything in this game is lavished with art deco style in a technology rich future where anything is possible. Cleverly written, expertly staged, there's but one drawback: Combat abilities are nearly incompehensible. A tutorial or practice mode enabling the player to experiment with the nigh countless combat options granted by the individuals you meet during the fast paced story progression.Once you muddle through what these abilities do, you realize how ingenious it all is. Just a little too ingenious for popular consumption, regrettably. If you can spare the time to overcome this flaw, dive in - you won't regret a moment of it."
,Recommended,237930,14389145,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Ball is Life/Ball is Wife,"Not only am I running around, singing along with my giant popsicle. I am running around, singing along with my giant popsicle that also smooth talks and kills♥♥♥♥♥♥for me.10/10"
,Recommended,237930,17983366,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,PhobosMkII,"This game is stunningly beautiful and the world it creates is simply breathtaking.This really is one of those games people should play before they read anything about it - it's woefully short, but conveys its story just perfectly.Don't spoil it for yourself. Play this game."
76561198030513816,Recommended,237930,17970117,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,lawlcakes,Game is as good as Red's hair
,Recommended,237930,17887077,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Robobenklein,"This is the best single player story that I have seen.No, I'm not kidding, this is the best. There is no alternative, this is it.Spend 7 hours with no distractions, complete the game, and now I couldn't imagine who I was before."
,Recommended,237930,17823441,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Dragn,"Beautiful game, both sights and sounds. I could listen to Red hum for hours. Lots of feels, especially towards the end."
,Recommended,237930,13099433,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,AlStar,"Transistor is a fantastic game: great music, great visuals, great gameplay, and an interesting story.This one hit all the sweet spots, in my opinion. Good length, too - each play through (and it's very much worth recursing/game+'ing the game once) takes about 10 hours.Now, if you're looking for another Bastion, then you may be disappointed. Most of Transistor's combat takes place in a  turn-based mode, where you plan out your movement/attacks, then execute your plan and watch it play out. You can fight in real time (and some of the challenge trials are actually easier this way), but for the most part you'll end up taking too much damage and/or getting knocked out of your attacks to make it a very useful way to play.Difficulty is great, in that it scales wonderfully. By default, you'll have a fairly easy time killing the Process. However, there are 10 limiters that you can choose, which will make the Process stronger, in exchange for faster leveling up. I can honestly tell you that running with all 10 limiters will make for a very harrowing experience.Again, as I mentioned, you should totally play at least twice - first time around gives a good experience, but the second time around - when both you and the Process are leveled up, and you can start stacking functions for extra-brokeness and fun, is what really makes the game.Final word - this is the only game that I've gone out of my way to get 100% of the achievements."
,Recommended,237930,10241766,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Rush,"Fantastic music, stunning visuals, interesting and varied combat, great story. Beautiful game. Absolutely worth the asking price."
,Recommended,237930,13686079,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Toucan Yeerak,"Great game,Good Linux port,Good atmosphere,Awesome music,Good gameplay,Nice Graphics,4 of 4 + 1 ( +1 Because of good Linux port)"
76561198049323500,Recommended,237930,11013020,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,OtherPlayers,Amazing game and an amazing story. Would have been worth the money even if I had bought it at full price. I definitely recomend this to anyone. 10/10
76561198039479605,Recommended,237930,10230870,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,ccbiggs,"It gets good after a hour or so, I was getting frustrated with it early on. The game is very pretty audio and visually.  I played through to the end in probably 5 to 5 1/2 hours. I will play through again.  Good game but Short."
,Recommended,237930,20866986,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,GRAU,"The city of Cloudbank is under attack by an organisation known as the Camerata. The protagonist, Red, a contemporary artist with a golden voice, gets caught up in the mess and is forced to figure out what is going on with the help of the newly acquired Transistor. A sword used by the Camerata that falls into the hands of our classy heroine. Red is guided through her journey by the voices of those who dwell inside the Transistor on an adventure that will leave you perplexed and wanting answers.The Story Is About What?The story in Transistor is quite convoluted, requiring you to pay pretty close attention to what is being said by the voices who dwell inside the sword appropriated by Red.In short Transistor is a science fiction action RPG where you will fight your way through the futuristic city of Cloudbank. Wielding the Transistor (a powerful sword of unknown origin), Red will piece together the mysteries of the Transistor by pursuing it’s former owners.During an attack by the Process (a robotic force controlled by an organisation known as the Camerata), Red loses her voice to the great-sword known as the Transistor. You come to find Red kneeling next to an unknown man who lies motionless beside her. This man’s consciousness has been absorbed into the sword which, while Red wields the weapon, can speak to her acting as the narrator of the story and Red’s guide.Red is now being hunted by the Camerata who want to track her down and retrieve the Transistor by using the Process to attack and kill her. Why they want the sword however, is still a mystery.Transistor logically combines strategy with a fast-paced action experience, resulting in a combination of reactive gameplay and rich, deep storytelling.CombatI must say, the combat in Transistor is incredibly enjoyable. You have the option to battle in real-time just like any action game, or freeze time to plan out a number of moves to take place during your turn, however each turn has a cost and you can only afford so many moves.Real-time combat allows you to use your abilities (or functions) on the go but they have a use-time and a cooldown.Turn-based combat gives you a gauge that is filled up depending on how much the functions you use cost. After your turn is executed you will be placed on a global cooldown of varying time depending on how much of your gauge you filled up. The more moves you use, the longer the global cooldown and vice versa, allowing for true strategic combat.You gain access to new functions by increasing Red’s level. You can only have four functions on your hot bar at a time but you can combine different functions to grant extra effects such as pulling your enemy right up close to you or switching the allegiance of your foe for a time. However, only a certain amount of functions can be equipped depending on how much memory Red has.Battles can sometimes be quite unforgiving and if your health bar completely empties you will lose access to a function until it is repaired by visiting functions terminals. If you have no functions left to sacrifice, you will die and restart from the last checkpoint.Value For MoneyFor all you completionists out there, you will be pleasantly surprised by how long you get to play Transistor for. Everyone else though, will only get around six to seven hours of play out of Transistor.There really is a lot to see and do in the city of Cloudbank and beyond, so if you really want to stick to it and unlock/read everything you can, expect to be sitting pretty for at least fourteen hours.I managed to snag Transistor during a sale on Steam for around $10AUD so in my opinion that is great value for money. And don’t forget all of the Steam achievements/PS Trophies that go along with it.Aesthetic CharmImmediately upon launching Transistor will you be impressed by the graphics and smooth animations. Personally I was surprisingly awed just by the way Red moves around the screen. The animation of her running with the Transistor dragging along the ground behind her looks really great. Incredibly simple but at the same time quite intricate.Enemies are fun to watch and discover. I especially like the Jerks which pummel the ground with their piston-flattening arms and the way they persistently pursue Red.Once again Darren Korb has composed the soundtrack for Supergiant, accompanied by the beautiful vocals of Ashley Barrett. Every song in this soundtrack is amazing to listen to and I must admit, I was hooked on the soundtrack before I even played Transistor. Each piece of music plays it’s role really well throughout the game, and if you’re also a bit of a Darren Korb fan, you can listen to the pieces of music in a place called the Sandbox which is accessed via ‘Backdoors’ that you gain access to once Red reaches level four.The Sandbox also acts almost like a home base where you can hone your battle strategies in mock battles or practice your planning in timed challenges. Very similar to the challenge levels found in Bastion.Final ThoughtsTransistor is a visually and aurally stunning piece of gaming that draws you into Red’s mysterious world. The voice of Logan Cunningham is thankfully quite pleasant to listen to which is quite a relief as you will be hearing his narration for what feels like the entire game.The story itself is fairly hard to get into which I find to be quite a let down, but once you start to weave your way around the intricacies of what happened and what is happening, you will find yourself wanting to keep going in the hopes of unraveling even more of the enigma that is the city of Cloudbank.If you love an engaging storyline with lots of questions to be answered, Transistor is right up your alley. But if you want a game that has a different type of strategic combat you haven’t experienced before, you will also be greatly impressed.Read the full review"
,Recommended,237930,11298981,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Noel,"I feel comfortable using the phrase ""Art Game"" to describe Transistor.The holistic experience of the graphics, sound, and gameplay is superb. The almost-a-puzzle-game battle system is challenging, but the slowly unfolding storyline motivates you to keep moving forward.Play this game if you like games that push video games forward as a viable medium for artistic expression."
,Recommended,237930,10220630,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,TheMindKillah,"The game looked good from its early footage but playing it truly seals the deal. From top to bottom, highly recommended piece of gaming."
,Recommended,237930,33905182,Posted: 30 July,all,Pickle Tickler,"Oh where do I begin? This is my favourite game and I think it always will be. The music is the best in any game ever made, the graphics are excellent (albeit repetitive) and the story, my God the story kept me awake from how heart-wrenchingly bittersweet it is. I have never felt so sad for a main character nor do I think I ever will. This game is an absolute masterclass in weaving a rich tapestry of story-driven gameplay and evoking emotion from the player.The game itself revolves around you traversing Cloudbank and killing robotic creatures with your sword. You have an arsenal of abilities and each ability can be used as either an active ability (used to attack with) an upgrade to an active ability (improvement on an attack) or as a passive (health up, better dodge etc). This leads to a lot of customization and adds depth to the game. Enemies also get progressively harder as well.You play as Red, a singer from Cloudbank who has had her voice stolen and her lover killed. She is on a mission to track down the people who stole her voice but as you play you realise things aren't that simple.As you play you'll find people deceased and you'll have the chance to absorb their trace into the Transistor. You'll see what I mean if you play it. In short, this gives you new abilities that you can use. Each ability is tied quite deeply to the personality of the person from whom it came and, when you use it as either a passive, active or upgrade, you can learn more about that person. Each person has a history behind them that is worth exploring.The music is done by Darren Korb and Ashley Barrett. It is beautiful. I have the soundtrack on my computer and phone and listen to it at least thrice a week. The sadness contained within the vocals combined with the heavy beat of the ambient tracks is exceptional. I hope Supergiant never stop choosing Korb for their music.Overall I may be slightly biased as this is my favourite game but this game made me love Supergiant and acquire Pyre so I hold it dear to my heart.GAMEPLAY - 9GRAPHICS - 9MUSIC - 10STORY 10REPLAYABILITY - 9CONTROLS - 10OVERALL - 9.8"
,Recommended,237930,10975553,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Shon3n,"I loved Bastion, so I had to buy this.When I first started to play, I was thrown off by the combat style and controls, during this time I wasn't a huge fan of the game.Once I started to get into the story and figure out how the combat worked I realized how amazing this game was. I couldn't not put it down, from the visuals to the music and the story the whole thing was an amazing experience."
76561198049030924,Recommended,237930,29476583,Posted: 24 January,all,SuperSaiyanSwagger,"Okay, where do I begin...Overall, yes, I would recommend it, just because Supergiant made a unique experience with a definitive art style.That being said, the game to me is very flawed, especially when you compare it to its spiritual predecessor, Bastion:1) This game is incredibly short. You can beat it in 3 hours, if not less. There is a time and place for games as short as this (Journey, where replays are encouraged).2) You spend half the game going through a few maps, get to a certain area, andlo and behold your final destination was JUST PAST where you started the game in the opposite direction. You spend the second half retracing your steps through a disfigured Cloudbank3) Combat and customization are very limited. Combining your abilities in new, unique ways was actually rather satisfying, especially when you discover a new combination to trounce enemies ahead of you. Other than that, there is almost no character progression other than increasing your RAM (literally) and junctioning moves together.4) There were two voices (if you don't count Red's occasional humming), and I didn't feel an emotional connection to either of them because of how they were voiced. It was as if they took a page out of William Shatner's book of acting on pausing mid-sentence, coupled with very monotonous expressions.5) Biggest complaint about the story though has to be how disconnected I was to all of it. I will say that the ending was well done, though. I can see the rationale behind it.6) There was almost no tutorial to speak of. I had to figure out almost everything by myself. Any tutorial that was there was hidden behind technical lingo resembling computer code, which I suppose fits the game's style.6/10. Support your indie devs!"
,Recommended,237930,12786679,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,acibobo,สำหรับคนที่จะหาเกมส์แนว Action RPG เนื้อเรื่องไม่ยาวมาก ผมแนะนำเกมส์นี้เลยครับ ด้วยระบบ การผสมผสานสกิล ที่ทำให้เราสามารถจัดรูปแบบสกิลที่ใช้ในการต่อสู้ได้หลากหลายแบบ ทำให้รูปแบบการต่อสู้ของเราเปลี่ยนไปได้ด้วย และยังมีระบบ Time Stop ไว้วาง Tactic ช่วยในการต่อสู้อีกด้วย และถ้าเกมส์นี้ยังไม่ยากพอ ยังมีการเพิ่มระดับความยากหลังจากจบเกมส์ และเพิ่ม Limted (เงื่อนไขที่ทำให้ศัตรูเราเก่งขึ้น พร้อมได้รับประสบการณ์มากขึ้น ) อีกด้วย ทำให้การเล่นซ้ำในครั้งที่ 2 ระดับความยากมากขึ้น แล้วศัตรูตัวเก่งๆ ก็โผล่มาให้เราจัดการได้เพียบเลยสำหรับคนที่ชอบ Graphic กับ Sound เกมส์นี้คงไม่ผิดหวัง ในมุมมองผมเป็นอะไรที่ลงตัวสุดๆ ไม่ว่าจะเป็นภาพ และเสียง ถูกออกแบบมาได้ดีเกมส์นี้ ให้คะแนน 10/10 ไปเลย สนุกมาก ชอบ จนขนาด เก็บ Achievements 100 % เลยนะเนี้ย
76561197980947074,Recommended,237930,11542721,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Spankasaurus,"Really awesome game. The combat is pretty unique and the graphic style is as well. The soundtrack really makes the game though. The whole thing does feel slightly feminine... definitely wouldn't appeal to the macho man gamers, but if you aren't worried about your homeboys thinking you're ""cool"" then you should try the game. Played through the story 3 and 1/2 times to get all the achievements and enjoyed it each time even though the ending was full of feels.I recommend this if it's ever on sale for around $8 or less just for lack of content beyond replaying the story over and over."
,Recommended,237930,33495011,Posted: 12 July,all,Hail Trackanon,"Supergiant created a real gem with Transistor. From the art, music and overall presentation to the futuristic sci-fi setting, deep gameplay mechanics, and a wide variety of strategies, everything about this game is brilliantly executed."
,Recommended,237930,21662762,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Blight(TH),When art meets tech = beautiful !
76561197963441362,Recommended,237930,10287000,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,J.D. Power Level And Associates,"If you liked Bastion you will love Transistor.All your favorite charicters are back, the announcer returns (as the sword) the singer is back (as the silent protagonist) and the kid returns as a composer. (I'm actually not kidding.)Oh and dat ending.... why can't I hold all these feels?"
,Recommended,237930,28608578,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Hyde,"At first I was unsure about getting this game, but I'm really glad I did."
,Recommended,237930,19689255,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Dr. Blutengott,"The art, the sound, the direction, the gameplay, the atmosphere, the story, the characters. All amazingly well crafted and executed. Fantastic experience."
,Recommended,237930,10317016,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Werupenstein,"I didn't like the combat system off the bat, but it really grew on me over the course of the game and I think its the best part of the game.I wish they did more with the non combat side of the game, it felt too linear, there is an environment puzzle at the start of the game then nothing, I think they could have done a lot more with that sort of stuff.Beautiful visual art and music, story is a bit lacking and the ending was a little severe, bravo for going there though.I will definitely buy whatever comes next from Supergiant."
,Recommended,237930,10330615,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Walkire,"Great game by a great company, If you like bastion youll like this one."
,Recommended,237930,10296724,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Ferenc Hunyadi,Steam thinks Transistor is a game... Hah.Transistor is THE game.
,Recommended,237930,12783934,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Lesser Matryoshka,"A stunning marriage of beauty, style, and function. If you liked Bastion, you won't be disappointed."
76561198052032850,Recommended,237930,16984886,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,bounding star,"Had high expectations since playing Bastion, and this game lived up. Perfect combination of art, music, storytelling, voice, and gameplay, putting it up there with the likes of Portal 2 and Bastion as near perfect games.Cannot reccomend highly enough, this game is worth every cent, and an experience you must have."
76561198065907858,Recommended,237930,13220281,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Aether,"This would be my first review, and this game is totally worth it, why? Here's why-Stunning visuals.-A very well done protagonist (we all like cute redheads).-Amazing narrative.-Mind-blowing soundtrack.-10/10 combat system.-Very good storyline.10/10 would buy it again"
,Recommended,237930,10812831,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,The Manzet,"If you liked Bastion, you'll like this game. All the elements that made Bastion so beautiful are alive and well in Transistor. Beautiful hand drawn graphics, a great soundtrack, and exquisite narration are all well done. SuperGiant manages to keep Transistor fun in it's own way by keeping the gameplay original. The Turn() mechancics give the game an interesting edge and make you feel like a badass as you unleash a series of moves in a split second before enemies can react.Definitely recommend this game."
76561198067984485,Recommended,237930,10991443,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,stuff ur face,"This is a very good game with a beutiful art style, great sound track, amazing gameplay and a great story. The game is all hand drawn and has a unique isometric viewing angle. This is a simple thing to get used to and georgeous. The music in the background is lite and is also a great mood setter in the game. The gameplay is ver balanced and a lot of fun to use, it is very diverse and allows you to choose your stile of planning or more action based. The story is a bit abrupt but is well developed you forget the lack of an introduction  at the beginning. Overall this is a really superb game with only one majpor flaw. The checkpoints are pretty far spread and doesnt really tell you when it does save. So if you exit the game, don't be surprised to replay some levels again. Another problem relating to the lack of checkpoints, it seems to keep the abilities you gained in a future part of the game even though you have to replay the same level you got it from."
,Recommended,237930,12823505,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Vagabond Azulien,"Supergiant does it again. The music, story, environment, voice acting: all top-notch. The combat is engaging, and due to how functions can be pieced together, it's a new experience each time. Darren Korb, of Bastion reknown, delivers a hauntingly beautiful soundtrack. The voice acting is superb: I found Royce's delivery to be especially enthralling. The environment, keeping with Supergiant's style, is equally as much a part of the story as the protagonists. I cannot recommend this game highly enough. It has captured my imagination and wonder for it's albeit short playthrough. I would have liked a few more content, but I feel content with what was delivered. I look forward to a second playthrough."
,Recommended,237930,10184239,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,MrPandamania,Red: You just can't resistor.
76561198284359077,Recommended,237930,33250576,Posted: 4 July,all,chrisdickinson1,"Stylish, I thought the gameplay would be slow but it's been pretty fun."
,Recommended,237930,10301603,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,I Smell Death,"An excellent game with a great atmosphere, music, and pacing. Absolutely pick this up."
,Recommended,237930,11044046,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,NethyR,"Absolutely amazing. Bastion was great, but Transistor brings the game style to a whole new level. Particularly with the Turn() mechanic, the gameplay stays challenging and interesting throughout, the customization options are extraordinary, and the story... oh god, that story."
,Recommended,237930,21079994,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Astolfo,Best game
76561198184971947,Recommended,237930,34075265,Posted: 6 August,all,Silent_Lone_Wolf,"Visually stunning!!! This game draws you in with amazing visuals. It throws you straight into gameplay, progressively gets more intense, and the difficulty can be set the way you want. You will spend time getting creative with the combat functions in order to suit your style. The game fills in the story as you progress and the lore is great! I would highly recommend this game!"
76561198024622970,Recommended,237930,34091797,Posted: 7 August,all,Pipetto,"This game is amazing. I just finished it and I can now say it's by far one of the best games I've ever played.The musics are incredible. The art-style is impressive. The story is intriguing and ends with a powerful emotional twist.And the gameplay is so, so good. It takes some time to understand the way it works but once you've learned how to use it, it's a real plaisure. It's interesting and complex, in the best way. There's so many possibilities.It's one of those games you wish would never end as you get closer to the final scene. Fortunately, there's a NG+ ; and I'm looking forward to playing everything again from the beginning. I can't remember the last time I felt this way after beating a game.So, should you buy it? In my opinion, yes, without a doubt."
76561198053425339,Recommended,237930,10776664,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,roldea,"Transistor is honestly one of the best games I've played in a while. The perks far outweigh the very few minor cons it has. The art style is beautiful, and the soundtrack is one of the best I've heard.The games story line was short and sweet, and very emotionally engaging. I finished it in about six hours, and greatly enjoyed it throughout.As for the combat system, it kept things fresh and was easy to grasp onto. It would be fun and engaging both for experienced and new gamers who are just learning the ropes."
,Recommended,237930,34357645,Posted: 19 August,all,Wallitron,"Right off the bat I'd like to say that Transistor has one of the greatest soundtracks in the history of video games, and Darren Korb should really write music for more than just SuperMassive games.Transistor is a game that really nails everything it does. The music, the art, the story and the way it unfolds, the gameplay - all things that determine a games greatness are genuinely fantastically well done here.It's fairly short, but it definitely feels worth it's asking price. Overall, I think this game doesn't get nearly enough love and it absolutely deserves it's overwhelmingly positive rating.Buy this game. Buy everything SuperMassive Games have ever made."
,Recommended,237930,10237941,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Crash,SuperGiant Games does it again. I finished the game with my heart in my throat and my brain wanting more...
,Recommended,237930,28884787,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Exo,"Gameplay is good but what really sets it apart is the story, music, and the excellent narrator.A short experience but one you should have."
,Recommended,237930,27142071,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,bo77om,amazing. one of the most marvellous things i've ever played. there won't be many words about this game.i'd just say: that is fantastic.12.5 redheads outta 10.
76561198029925805,Recommended,237930,12796404,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Zero,"I highly recommended this game for RPG players. Musics, scenario, characters, art is awsome."
76561198096363152,Recommended,237930,16453772,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Ursarctos,"Transistor is Supergiant's newest game and spiritual successor to Bastion. it is set in a cyberpunk universe, in which a singer named Red has to save the city using the transistor (her sword). it is possibly one of the best games i've ever played.Pros:-very satisfying combat and abilities-some of the best music i've heard in games for a long long time-an incredibly beautiful and bittersweet story, told in an interesting way-the Transistor (Logan Cunningham) has the voice of a god-perfect length: not short enough to not be satisfying, but not long enough to feel like its dragging on and on (i completed it in 7 hours)Cons:...i got nothing. in my eyes, its perfect.Final verdict:10/10"
,Recommended,237930,34425107,Posted: 22 August,all,sh1pwr3k,"This is a stunning game that is incredibly fun to play. Wonderful story, gameplay and art. I would highly recommend this to anyone who likes turn based RPGs as well as Sci Fi afficionados. Such a pleasant title with an intricate love story. 10/10 should be in your Steam library."
,Recommended,237930,34414411,Posted: 22 August,all,[eN] Thief^,"Love the skill system, love the story. Great game."
,Recommended,237930,34398383,Posted: 21 August,all,Jetstream Sam,Amazing story and gameplay 10/10
,Recommended,237930,28021238,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,玉子,This is a very fun game. The style looks very good. Background music is more appropriate to integrate into the game.
,Recommended,237930,28926920,Posted: 1 January,all,Winmillion,"Take the time to look, and listen, and you'll be extremely pleased with this game. I don't really want to say anything else for fear of spoiling it, but I definitely think it's worth buying."
,Recommended,237930,14098799,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Scoojj,Beautiful. This game doesn't get the attention it deserves.
76561197995568834,Recommended,237930,10215542,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Chaotic Dustin,A beautiful game in the same vein as Bastion. Everything is hand painted and the music is captivating. My only regret is that I can only play it for the first time once.
,Recommended,237930,24186134,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,cat vids ✨✨✨,This game overall is... beautiful.If you love art I totally recomend this to you.I'm just having a hard time accepting that finale.
,Recommended,237930,24325526,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Lord Stalin.exe,"I just bought this game.I barely have 35 mins. of gameplay. Already obsessed.I want to play more. My graduation is tommorow. WHYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY11/10 would get obsessed againIn serious notes though... My graduation is TOMMOROW, and I'm up at night, feeling compelled to write this review instead of sleeping. THIS GAME IS AMAZING. It keeps me up instead of making me do something positive for tommorow.The art style is beautiful, it runs smooth, and gameplay is awesome! plus, that sword is something..."
,Recommended,237930,28598814,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Adrenaline,"best romance between a talking sword and a mute woman, amazing game, amazing art, amazing soundtrack, great story!can't find anything bad about this gamego buy this game, worth every centalso buy Bastion"
76561198009922047,Recommended,237930,23074766,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Snakebird [LOMS],"A beautiful and very sad game with a soundtrack to match. I liked the system, it is an action RPG except that you can pause and program your moves every so often. A lot of the game mechanics are actually explained in-setting, whch I always like in a game. It made me laugh because Xenobalde Chronicles does that and the visual appearance of the sword reminded me a lot of the Monado. I love the main character to bits, especially when she sings along to the backgroud music. The gaming world needs more angel-voiced redhead female main characters with Monados. The cyberpunk setting was very atmospheric and I liked finding bits and pieces of the story by searching the areas properly and using all available skills. The backdoor areas were my favourite parts of the game as those are where both my sound test option and my pet dog/computer virus/thing lives. The game is fairly short but doesn't feel like it needed to be longer, it just isn't a particularly long story. A higher difficulty option would be nice for others - I didn't overload all modules in a single battle throughout the whole game, and while I don't particularly like frustrating games, it might be a little too easy for others. I couldn't get through all the trials in the backdoor area though."
76561198057496041,Recommended,237930,20482975,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Expired Coupon for Grey Poupon,"Wow. Where do I begin? This game is quite novel. At first, I was put off by the gameplay, but it was mostly because I had to familiarize myself with the unique skill system and the mechanics of the game. The mainly turn-based combat is superb, and I really appreciate that the game encourages the player to try different methods. In addition, it encourages the player to be challenged with the Limiter system. I'm not going to go into much detail about the gameplay, because I'd like to talk about the story and the other stuff.The story had me. I was eager to explore and learn more about what was going on. I loved the 'dialogue' between the protagonist Red and her Transistor sword. It was a neat way of providing some narration and setting the tone. The graphics are quite aesthetically pleasing. The setting of the game evoked the same feelings that thriller movies give me -- that's a good thing. In addition, Red's singing and the game's soundtrack are superb. Besides the frustrating parts of the game where I had to try repeatedly to overcome some combat stages, I enjoyed this game.In short, I recommend this game for its story, novel gameplay, soundtrack and overall aesthetic."
,Recommended,237930,27966828,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,black_taco,"This game inspired me to do many things: start learning how to play the guitar (the soundtrack is divine), pick up drawing again (unique, immersive art style), get connected with games that I would describe as delicious to play through. I value games with powerful art, and this is one of the first of the kind that I played, after Bastion. Extraordinary work. The remarkable combat system drew me in even more. I would play this game over and over until every detail of it was embedded on my mind. Enough said; go play it."
76561198004148681,Recommended,237930,10223871,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,sai`ke,"It looks gorgeous, sounds great, plays well and brings some interesting mechanics to the table.The combat is a nice mix between real time and turn based action. There's plenty of room for customizing your playstyle through the powers and modifiers you can use.Finally, the story is engaging enough to see you through the game."
,Recommended,237930,11732323,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Captain Serious,"Transistor is the second game from Bastion developer Super Giant Games, and it is another exceptionally crafted artistic RPG.In Transistor you play the role of Red, a beautiful and talented musician who has seemingly lost her voice.  The game begins with Red pulling a sword like device known as the Transistor out of the chest of a dead man.  Immediately the Transistor begins talking to Red as if it knows her.  The voice of the Transistor is how we learn what's going on in this abandoned ghost town of a city called Cloudbank.   Much like the narrator in Bastion comments on the situation of Caelondia, the Transistor will talk to Red about things happening in Cloudbank.  It seems Super Giant Games really has a thing for mysterious apocalyptic events that wipe out flourishing cities.Not only is the Transistor your talking guide through the game it's also a very powerful tool and weapon.   In the beginning the Transistor only has two functions loaded into it, thus giving you two different attack options.  As you level up you'll unlock   more functions, function upgrade slots, and passive function slots.  The function customization and use is incredibly deep and fun to experiment with as you explore combinations to fit your play style.  It really makes the combat an enjoyable sandbox of trial by fire.Every function in the game has 3 optional ways of using it in the Transistor.  The first use is an Active attack and used to directly afflict damage or other debuffs on the enemies.   The second use is an upgrade slot to an existing Active attack.  This will add extra abilities to your attacks.   The final use is a passive slot which will grant you various buffs or abilities that are always active.  With 16 different functions to unlock, and each having 3 ways to potentially use them, you can see the amount of customization gets exponential.  And even more in new game plus when it allows you to unlock another copy of an already used function.Using the functions in the variety of ways will also reward the story loving fanatics.  Each function you discover is linked to one pronounced citizen of Cloudbank, and as you use the functions in combat you'll unlock background information regarding their history.  It's a fun way to learn more about the story and reward players for trying new combinations of function loadouts.While the story of Transistor may seem eerily similar to Bastion the combat game play is quite different.  Arguably Transistor can be played in the same real time hack-n-slash style of Bastion, but in all likelihood you'll be using the strategic pause mode for most battles.  This mode feels like a turn based strategy game.   When combat is paused you are shown a progress bar of action points to spend.  Every movement, every function will use up action points until the bar is full.   This allows you to plan out your attack before committing to the plan.  Once you execute a plan you'll see all your attacks played out in real time.  You'll then need to fight in real time as you wait for the cool down timer on strategic mode.  It really is a good balance of real time and turn based combat.The thing I loved most about Bastion was it's story, soundtrack and art direction, and once again with Transistor they delivered.   A hauntingly desolate city again brought to life by beautiful landscapes and enchanting music you'll be humming along the way with Red.While it may be relatively short it has replay value in new game plus, just to try more function combos.  If you enjoyed Bastion then you'll find Transistor worthy of a play."
,Recommended,237930,19102153,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Fuzzball,"This game proves that Bastion was no fluke, and shows Supergiant to be one of the most talented development teams out there. The art is refined to a consistently stunning style, and the soundtrack and vocals are even better than before. I’m not entirely convinced that Logan Cunningham is the best choice to once again be the voice of narration (perhaps because he issoassociated with Bastion), but even so all the voice acting here is excellent.The combat system is particularly noteworthy, with it actively encouraging you to vary your playstyle to discover more of the story. There are a huge number of ability combinations to try out, meaning that playing through New Game Plus to discover all tactical options is a joy."
76561198041867099,Recommended,237930,33295266,Posted: 5 July,all,Rindered,combat is fun and the visuals are well done.
,Recommended,237930,35342180,Posted: 30 September,all,maximusaa,One of the best games I've ever played.
,Recommended,237930,35317344,Posted: 29 September,all,Raz,"So I just finished the story/main game so I'm still a bit buzzed.This was one of the best games I have played. The story is beautiful, the artwork is gorgeous and don't even get me started on the soundtrack. The gameplay is unique, but definitely not for everyone, but I thoroughly enjoyed it.Saying that, I'm not sure about the difficulty. I'm♥♥♥♥♥♥at video games, but managed to only die twice throughout the entire game, and this only during the challenges. Whereas I'm certainly fine with it, I wouldn't recommend it to anyone looking for a hard challenge.All in all, I loved it and that's what I care about."
76561198363042629,Recommended,237930,35366318,Posted: 30 September,all,kose1997,"What a beautiful and charming game!  A fun RPG with the combination of Science Fiction, Art Nouveau style graphic and attractive sound. The best part of this game is the atmosphere that cannot be defined with one word. Most definately worth buying!"
,Recommended,237930,35381278,Posted: 1 October,all,LoneWolf,"Everything about transistor is awesome.. the graphics, the plot, the fight mechanics everything...it just captures you and doesn'r let you put the game down.... the ending was unexpected and will surely make you emotional.The only con this game has is that it's very short game and i completed it ~10 hrs and got most of the acheivements too.10/10 will change the weather at cloudbank.."
,Recommended,237930,10182982,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,itsAmatiramisu,"Oh my GOD.Supergiant's done it again. This game is fantastic. It's beautiful, the music and ambience is fantastic, Logan Cunningham's narration carries over flawlessly... And of course, the gameplay is both addictive and challenging. You're always wanting more and finding new things to try out.I think I like it even better than Bastion."
,Recommended,237930,20096565,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Axe Raider,"GameOfTheYear()Absolute masterclass. This game is way ahead of its time. The story is engaging, the art style is beautiful, the level design is stellar, and the soundtrack is downright incredible.It's got some of the most interesting and thoughtful combat mechanics in any game I've ever played. There's a Fallout-esque VATS style system where you plan attacks and then execute them, so it plays like a pseudo turn-based action RPG. Chaining various combinations, abilities, and upgrades all make the player feel very intelligent and the payoff is not only extremely rewarding but is also intensely satisfying.It does not spoonfeed you how everything works and there's no handholding whatsoever. It leaves it all up to the player to figure it out. It's going for full immersion and it does it wonderfully. I'm telling you, the things this game tries are extremely ambitious and super eccentric, which a lot of game studios are afraid to do for fear of alienating their player base.I won't say any more. There's more quality, love, dedication, and sheer genius in this game than most triple-A titles. Supergiant Games is a studio that's clearly way more mature than their age suggests.Buy this, you won't regret it."
,Recommended,237930,20096067,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,l.firestorm,One hour into this game and I already love it!!! Red is awesome!
,Recommended,237930,12747690,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Vaikesh,"i was sceptical at first, but now i want more.. too sad its so short :\"
76561198083239094,Recommended,237930,33143335,Posted: 2 July,all,Savrul,Amazing
,Recommended,237930,35465138,Posted: 4 October,all,ISSHO NI ASOBO,"great game. love the gameplay, love the art, love the music, love the story. too bad it's short- well at least you can play it over and over again."
,Recommended,237930,35425080,Posted: 2 October,all,EPICMOO,art music tron theme... PERFECTO
,Recommended,237930,11063306,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Kissamies,"Another artsy game by the Supergiant Games, the makers of Bastion. The music and art are even better this time around. They are really excellent. The gameplay is pretty good and interesting with its stop, plan and excecute combat mechanics as well as the ability to mix the elements, which is encouraged by giving more backstory if you do it. Bit easy, but can be made harder by pretty dynamic difficulty levels. The storytelling is good too. It's very in media res. You are dropped in the world without as much as a start menu and left to figure out what's going on and how everything works. It's a simple enough game to pull that off. It's pretty short and fairly linear, though. Replayability value doesn't seem that great even with new game+, though I can imagine revisiting this at some point in the future.Superior to Bastion in almost every way, except maybe Logan Cunningham isn't quite as cool as the voice here as he was as the narrator in Bastion. Definitely worth getting, but I wouldn't pay the full price."
76561198097565361,Recommended,237930,28324033,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Mateutz,Story is perfect! is a Game Musical. A Top-down isometric view game which comprises of mix of real-time and turn-based combat. We just fall into it and feels what the characters are feeling. All the music and voices are perfect and creates the necessary atmosphere. I really like playing it.
76561198142099129,Recommended,237930,33317578,Posted: 6 July,all,[2.Han.IR]Goldmania™,I normally cannot play games like these with consistency but this... This is something else. I think I'll be going through it completely. A beautiful female protagonist losing her more beautiful voice... Songs are astonishing. Definetly a relaxing experience and you shouldn't miss this one.Edit: I couldn't go through it.
,Recommended,237930,35488722,Posted: 5 October,all,Hansa,A beautiful story rich cyberpunk action RPG with a unique artstyle and soundtrack. The turn based strategy gameplay has depth to it and provides much room for experimentation. The story is a little hard to grasp first but keeps you engaged with its narration.The only real flaw is that the game is too short. You'll want to explore the city of cloudbank more and battle further challenging enemies.8.5/10
,Recommended,237930,35507726,Posted: 5 October,all,nicmolko,"I really loved this game for lots of reasons. Particularly because its story-rich, great soundtrack, and I love the art design. It really makes you care about the characters and is very intruguing.  The game also offers unique content compared to other games, like the combat style and the story itself.I'm confused to all the 'game is short' comments, its not a long game but it's not what I consider a short one either, especially for only £3.50 in the sale! And I have no idea how people managed to complete it within 7 hours, maybe that's because I took the time to do the tests and venture the map for all of the extra narration. But it took me 14 hours in total. So don't be put off by these comments!The game is also replayable for many reasons,To have better understanding of the story (At first, you are straight into action in the game, so 2nd time round it would make a lot more sense)You can still level up to gain new functions/limmiters (abilities in the game) which you have not played previously.There are also further tests you can try beat, which are combat tests of different sorts, (speed, stability, performance, etc)The narration is slightly different at times, too.I will definetly be re-playing in full again some time, it's worth it :-)"
76561198061098686,Recommended,237930,22528213,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Luminous,10/10 recommend. One of the best game I've played.
,Recommended,237930,29491861,Posted: 25 January,all,TheLuckyDicer,At the start it is hard to get a hang of but over all an awsome game I loved it
,Recommended,237930,13579453,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Mejwell,swords can't talk.  should have gone back to the drawing board with this one.  could I propose: a blue hedgehog that runs fast.
,Recommended,237930,15992061,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,FakeSword,"Transistor is one of the most smart, fun, and interesting games of the past 10 years. It's perfect in almost every single aspect and goes above and beyond what Bastion set out to do. It's short length only helps to make it's story fast paced and keep it's point clear and consistent. And it makes it a ton of fun to replay and try out some creative interesting combos. A must play for any indie game fan."
,Recommended,237930,30342587,Posted: 5 March,all,iostreamer,This game has a Base damage of over 9000 Feels.10/10 would Mask+Cull+Backstab again <3
76561198073682744,Recommended,237930,10905761,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Lanix,10/10
,Recommended,237930,28702298,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Ψ | Psi-Lapse,"Drat. Its very very similar to Bastion but I don't nearly care as much about the plot than I did with Bastion.So many parallels; A something did something, in this case an evil, organized corperation stole your absolutely magificent voice, whereas, in Bastion, someone divided by zero and nearly ended the world.  Red is clearly as singer, so her voice being stolen might as well be the end of the world.Instead she gets this buster sword that has an eye on it and looks something like a USB, and has that sort of 'very very tired' male voice, where half of his verbiage is breathing sounds.You're a sword. All you do is glow and not one-shot dudes.This game is Bastions more techincal and less gritty cousin, of whom is obessed with planning things out and gets very let down when something doesn't work.The main fights involve you flailing wilding at things that will absolutely move even as your plans are excuted.I guess thats there to make it 'hard' but it moreso makes it 'irritating'.Its fun though, and its not that the story isn't interesting, its that Bastion was better.Also the games art ughIts lovely6/10"
76561198047512927,Recommended,237930,21197787,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,vain,My only gripe about this game is that I discovered it so late.It's truely a work of art.
76561198033382445,Recommended,237930,10193181,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Novalex,"Transistor is the second game by Supergiant Games, an independent game dev team whose motto is ""We want to make games that spark your imagination like the games you played as a kid.""The first game they've made is Bastion, a beautiful, classic, yet one-of-the-kind game.Transistor is nothing but better.The narration is more than just good. Logan Cunningham once again brings the character alive in front of our faces.The combat is creative and complex, you will never run out of fun trying out new strategies.The artistic world is so surreal and beautiful sometimes you want to live in it.The music is so sad and sweet, you will listen to it even if you are not playing the game.10/10 Supergiant Games rocks!P.S.: Also check out SG's new game Pyre! Their third game which is Fantasy-RPG-Football, yes you hear right, somehow they managed to mix them together and created yet another unique game!"
76561198057466141,Recommended,237930,10602636,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,ityavin,hella
76561198043996931,Recommended,237930,14348153,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Gairon_EX,"There is not a goddamn thing I can say bad about this game.The story is intriguing, the music is absolutely amazing, the art style is unique and awesome to look at, the combat is intuitive and forces you to think strategically rather than swing a giant sword blindly.Go buy the game, then buy the soundtrack. Best purchase you could make all day."
,Recommended,237930,14037420,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,ADDIESAN,"A talking sword with a sexy voice and a mute singer lady team up to fight the quad squad in this beautiful cyberpunk world.Seriously, this game is a masterpiece. Supergiant Games remain consistent in their releases by providing the best of the best. So much love has been put into this game, and there's so much enjoyment you'll get out of it. Great story, solid soundtrack, superb and diverse combat mechanics, and have you SEEN the art? It's absolutely beautiful. Pick this game up. You'll be doing yourself a favor. Truly."
76561198048584205,Recommended,237930,12741251,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,AngryOtter,"This is the one of the best games I have ever played. Sound, Music, Graphics, Story and Gameplay make this game an absolute art piece."
79542197291297985,Recommended,237930,22619353,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Kitten,"Amazing art, amazing soundtrack, and interesting gameplay with a variety of ways to mix up your powers and upgrades. The story was a bit vague, but intentionally so. Perfect game to play if you're looking for a 6 or so hour well crafted experience."
,Recommended,237930,23812631,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,mellopillow,"soundtrack is sexy, like me!"
,Recommended,237930,13891120,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,UpInFlames,"Red pulls the sword out of the man’s body. The sword talks to her, but she doesn’t speak back. She lost her voice and he lost his body. It was an eventful night. The sword is obviously too big for her, she drags it around, but somehow manages to muster the strength she needs to wield it in battle. The city of Cloudbank is being destroyed by a cybernetic virus called the Process, let loose by a shadowy organization named the Camerata. Red, a famous club singer, is a target of a failed assassination. Other prominent Cloudbank citizens have become unfortunate targets as well. But why? Transistor manages to deliver an interesting premise that takes place in a sci-fi world that fuses programming languages with a dystopian alternate reality to create something wonderfully unique.Narrative exposition is actually pretty light, most of the storytelling comes from Transistor, the titular sword who comments on everything that is going on. Terminals scattered across the city provide updates on the latest news. You can also learn additional information about the various characters by unlocking new weapons and limiters. Along with the beautiful visuals and great soundtrack, the storytelling paints a striking picture of the intriguing setting. However, it doesn’t really do much with it. Aside from the enemies and the dead bodies you stumble upon along the way, the city is barren. There is no interaction with anyone until almost the very end. Despite all the strong production values and wonderful artistry, Cloudbank still somehow manages to feel a bit empty and distant.The vast majority of time is spent in combat. You may confuse it with a turn-based combat system at first, but it’s really a real-time system. You can fight the Process’ minions in real-time without interruptions, but that may prove difficult. So the game offers you to use a “turn” which is in fact just a slightly more elaborate pause. During this turn, you can plan your moves including movement, abilities and weapon strikes. Once you’re satisfied, the game will then play out your orders. After that, all your abilities are on cooldown for a set amount of time during which you have to avoid enemy attacks by either taking cover or running around positioning yourself for your next “turn”. It takes a while to get into the groove of things, but once you get used to it, you’ll find it a very enjoyable and flexible system.What makes the combat really interesting is how you can use each of your functions (abilities and attacks) on a primary, secondary or passive slot. Each function provides different abilities or powers depending on which slot it occupies. This system enables plenty of combat experimentation sometimes leading to unexpected results. The game will also sometimes force you to experiment and swap out functions because losing chunks of life points leads to a function overload rendering it unusable for a while. My problem with the combat system isn’t really down to the combat itself, but rather the fact that the game doesn’t provide any options to tailor it to your preferences. For example, having the option to automatically initiate a turn on enemy sight and/or end of cooldown would have been really helpful instead of having to constantly keep track of the cooldown bar as you’re trying to dodge incoming attacks. Also, displaying your current function setup on icon mouse-over would have helped to be aware of your powers. Considering that you swap them out so much, it’s easy to forget what you’re using as you can only inspect your functions in detail at checkpoints.I walked away from Transistor with a feeling that a bit more could have been done regarding the design, gameplay and storytelling, but despite that, I found it to be a highly enjoyable and thoroughly unique action game with stellar presentation and an engaging emphasis on player experimentation.Highlights: Art direction, soundtrack, combat experimentationDownsides: Lack of options8 OUT OF 10 (GREAT)"
,Recommended,237930,24339365,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,AFarCryAway,"Buy this game NOW!!! Transistor is one of the best games I have ever had the pleasure to play through with an interesting narrative, a fantastic soundtrack, and smart combat mechanics! Please do yourself a favor and buy this game while it is on sale and play through the game alone and in one sitting. The experience will stay with you for a long time."
,Recommended,237930,12563863,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Geomike,"Beautiful art, music, story and design.Awkward mechanics, clunky controls, no meaningful choices and a godawful, train-railled ending.I'll leave it up to you which qualities are more important in a good game, but the originality and level of polish of this game coming from an indie developer pushed me to recommend it despite its flaws.  I'd love to see Supergiant make more games like this and Bastion, but preferably with enough money to iron out the kinks next time."
76561198284649205,Recommended,237930,24366387,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Plusminus,Grabbed this little gem of a game after enjoying Bastion. Transistor is one of those experiences where the individual parts are so finely weaved together that the result is something greater than the simple arithmetic sum of those parts. Hats off to the dev team for this accomplisment! Here are some personal impressions of what I feel are the core elements of the game after one playthrough:Story - SubtleAtmosphere - ImmersiveMechanics - Creative & EmpoweringChallenge - Casual EnoughStyle - Pure ClassValue - TremendousReplayability - I'd Go To The Country Again.
76561198054362557,Recommended,237930,24361661,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,hitharodos,"If you want a summary in one sentece: A romance between a sword and a mute girl.Now, when I have your attention, I must say that is one of the better romances I have lately read, watched or played. Story is amazing, music is perfect, gameplay is highly enjoyable. Definitely a recommendation."
76561197976864444,Recommended,237930,10224063,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,hat,"Transistor is just beautiful. The design, the art style. It's just second to none.Also, the soundtrack. It's a masterpiece.The game mechanics, including fights, are far better and improved comparing to Bastion. They are easy to master, very nice to handle on both 360 Pad and mouse+keyboard. No problem there at all everything is great. The turn-based and real-time combat mix works PERFECT. I was afraid of this before the release but it turned out to be just amazingly done making you want to use both and blend them together.Skill/Functions/Character development is innovative and give you a lot, and I mean A LOT of different possible builds and the game itself/story development does a great job on encouraging you to switch your tactics as often as you can.Although. After finishing I think, that I liked Bastion a little bit better. Probably because it was first and it was a surprise. The only thing I'd like Transistor to have is a bit more lore given to you by the narrator. Not through the people's description which you can find, but through the sword itself. Like Bastion did it.If you haven't played Bastion and you're thinking about getting Transistor: Play Bastion first.If you played Bastion and you're thinking about getting Transistor: Please, by all means.If you do not like how the game looks, or you are not into the SciFi or anything: Well, if you read it - try it. Sometimes we appreciate something that we do not necessarily like at first sight.Took me ~8 hours to complete. I was taking my time though, reading everything I could find.Game as close to perfection as this happens very rarely. Do not think, buy and play!9+/10. Along with Bastion and both Portals on the top of my All Time Masterpieces list."
,Recommended,237930,24344701,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,GrammarJack,"Transistor is one of the greatest games I have ever played. Supergiant proves that lightning doesn't just strike twice, it bursts into a creative frenzy of narrative excellence and brillant game design. The world is absolutely gorgeous, the music exceptional, and the story daringly unique. The combat system allows for seemingly endless variety, and the difficulty curve is very fair. Even the side objectives are compelling in their own right. You are rewarded by completing certain ""tests"" with music tracks that you can listen to in the game.Overall, if you want a compelling narrative, a brilliant soundtrack, and a heartwarming experience, Transistor is for you. I wish I could give this game of the year for the rest of time, but I can't. Dang it."
76561197969417125,Recommended,237930,10484971,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,G00N3R,"I expect this review will be a little controversial, and I'll probably get lots of thumbs down, but in my opinion Transistor is kind of average. Not terrible, but not deserving of all the hype.The combat is fun. Plenty of freedom and variety. Along the way you unlock lots of different powers, each one has three different uses - either as a primary attack, a buff for a different primary attack, or a passive buff for your character. You can choose to combine these powers in whatever way suits your playing style and can adjust the combinations at checkpoints.In the later stages of the game I had a long range attack with a damage buff that also charmed the target to fight for me for a few seconds (allowing me some breathing space while the other enemies attacked the charmed one). I also had a cloak that would hide me from enemies, which also triggered an explosion in a radius around me, and then gave my next attack after de-cloak a further damage bonus. Meanwhile I was passively regenerating health, although I wasn't getting hit much anyway thanks to those other 2 combinations.There is some nice enemy variety as well, some are able to heal or shield others, cloak themselves, abilities that influence your own tactics in terms of which enemy to target first. The difficulty is also flexible because of the ""limiters"" system. These are unlocked through level up and either make enemies stronger or yourself weaker when equipped, and then grant bonus XP.But the story really dragged the game down for me. I have to admit, I don't really understand much of what happened. It throws you straight into the action without any setup and most dialogue feels like people talking in riddles. Lots of words without actually explaining anything. I guess there's a sword that can absorb dead people's souls (how? no idea) and some bad guys that are erasing the world (how? why? no clue). I kinda lost interest after a while. As much as I enjoy killing things, my favourite games are those that give context to my actions, give me a reason to care about why those things need killing, or why the world needs saving. Transistor completely failed in this respect. (Although, its indie, so I guess I'm just not intelligent enough to understand the deeper meaning or whatever).Overall ... well, everybody else in the gaming industry seems to think the game is super amazing, so I guess my recommendation wouldn't be worth much. I regret buying it for full price, but I would say pick it up on a 50% off sale if you like tactical combat."
76561198051404118,Recommended,237930,10252579,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Wertybolt,"Just completed my first playthrough, haven´t gone to the Recursive mode yet. Transistor is a beautiful game with fun and very intresting combat,gorgeus landscape and ""cutscenes"",voiceacting from Logan Cunningham and don´t forget the music... my god the music in this game is so good ^v^. Totally worth the 19e."
,Recommended,237930,10529820,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Star,Absolutely amazing. There's so much customization that allows you to play however you want with endless possibilities of combinations.Soundtrack is superb.
,Recommended,237930,28528808,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Juggernaut,I WANT TO RUB THIS GAME ALL OVER MY BODY
76561197995977349,Recommended,237930,23403987,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,JCvanTasties,"If you liked Bastion, you will love this game!Same premise, same developer, same awesome artwork, same in game action (with a slight twist with the 'tactical pause') and definately the same incredible taste in soundtrack.Can whole-heartedly recommend this game to anyone!"
,Recommended,237930,13883435,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,ZARA 蛾,"The Music or Soundtrack or whatever is just Amazing!!Press the Space and enjoy the music  but game is so short :/ worth to buy""Hey, Red... we're not gonna get away with this, are we?"" -Mr. Nobody :3 <3"
,Recommended,237930,31208088,Posted: 17 April,all,Tingz,A Work of art.
,Recommended,237930,14505855,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,!o,"Awesome game! :DReally enjoyed it, it's super fun and the soundtrack is brilliant. The artwork is also gorgeous and I love the turn-based RPG gameplay, as well as the fluidity of the combat system - whack some processes around, or take your time planning how you're going to do it! The voice acting is also superb, and I love how they have Red hum the background music while in Turn() mode.GET IT!PS: I played through with a controller, it has great controller support too - although I haven't really played THAT many steam games, it definitely is one that ""fully supports controllers"" for real. But a lot of people would probably prefer playing with keyboard and mouse. Just saying though. :P"
76561198005441068,Recommended,237930,14996388,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Hrrlak the Beast,"Transistor is the closest game to art I have ever played. Its soundtrack is really well produced and fits the game perfectly, communicating the emotions and themes that the plot and gameplay as well demonstrate. Its gameplay is simple enough to learn but has much rooom for complexity. The method that this game uses to communicate additional backstory is tied to the development of your skills, and from this, the process of learning the individual bios of them game's minor characters is a part of the reward of progressing your understanding of the combinational ability system. The game is short (I beat it in five hours), but this experience will stick with me for my life. I recommend this game to anyone who likes Cyberpunk, role playing games, and games with cohesive aesthetics.I have felt jaded to video games for a while now, and this game reignited my passion."
,Recommended,237930,16806011,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Dmitry Odd,"On extremely beautiful desert city executed in a genre ""cyberpunk"" the red-haired singer who under strange circumstances lost a voice runs.Transistor — incredibly beautiful game capable in five hours to present you such emotions which you more don't receive anywhere. In total on the places: elements of mechanics, giving of a plot, a sound and music in Transistor are combined in incomprehensible harmony. While all of you wait for game about the open world, people of Supergiant Games do a true art.Divinely beautiful music, magnificent art design and  history, touching to tears, do Transistor by a unique adventure. An adventure which it is necessary to see. In the conclusion of Transistor is the best that I saw in recent years... 10\10"
,Recommended,237930,16425398,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,LOOK OUT ITS PAM,"Easily one of my favourite games ever, if not the most favourite. There is nothing to fault here, the gameplay is astoundingly done, the art is breathtaking, the story is so well executed, and just, wow! Please play this game, even if you feel it might not be your style, I am sure you will enjoy it."
,Recommended,237930,16619674,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Gotaki,"My, my...this game has been on the top of my most wanted list for quite some time now and I gotta say...It is truly amazing.Pros-Beautiful and detailed visuals-World seems so 'alive'-Fascinating narrator and protagonist-Real-time and turn-based combat style is a good mix-up-Games doesn't make you go through the same thing over and over again, it mixes things up-Intriguing story.-Music is sooo good-Dialogue is so strategically placed-Pretty cheap in fact, having a whooping retail price of $20-Indie and by the same developers of Bastion, what's not to love?Cons-Some visuals during combat are 'not as good'Off to conclusion, this game is good, no its a true masterpiece. I can understand why it has won so many awards, the dialogue, the music, the setting and the characters all of these help it shape the world of 'Transistor'. I'm not here to spoil any part of the story since my aim is to you: the person reading my review. To personally pick up a copy and try it out, its worth the moneyFinal Verdict: Pick it up!Score: 8.7/10Now, Supergiant make another masterpiece game already, please"
,Recommended,237930,15187177,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Dominator Bob,"Story: 5/5The storytelling to Transistor is told through the interactions between Red, the mute singer protagonist, and her weapon possessed by her lover as well as various messages on computers you find throughout the 5-hour campaign. Plenty of blanks are left for you to fill, and the ending, although a bit confusing, is extremely open to interpretation.Visual: 5/5The game looks like a painting that is gradually losing its colors. At the beginning everything is colorful and brushed with bright colors but as the game progresses colors become darker and by the end there is almost no bright color. This beautiful take on artstyle really adds to the mood of the story and its themes. The city of Cloudbank is a beautiful piece of art that you will want to learn about and explore.Sound: 5/5The soundtrack for this game is amazing, especially the songs with lyrics. Every song felt perfectly attached to the mood of what was going on in the story at the time of whatever exploring or fighting being done at the time. The voice acting is brilliant, especially the voice of Red's lover. Sound effects for your attacks and enemy attacks fit perfectly.Gameplay: 4/5The combat system takes a while to get used to due to a lack of handholding, but after the learning curve it's one-of-a-kind. Abilities are obtained that can be used to experiment with various combinations of equipping some abilities to others or using them as passive effects. At death instead of returning to the last check point immediately an ability is lost until 2 checkpoints later and health is restored to max, forcing you to use the abilities you have left in new innovative ways. Time can be slowed down to make strategic decisions on what abilities to use. Limiters can be used to add challenge to the game while allowing you to level up faster.Replayability: N/AWill edit after I replay the game on its ""new game plus"" that allows replay with past unlocked abilities.Verdict:Transistor is an experience I have never had with any other game I have ever played. You will grow to care about the main characters, Cloudbank, and its inhabitants. The presentation value is extremely high with beautiful visuals, amazing sound design, and fantastic storytelling. The gameplay has a learning curve and can take getting used to, but once it clicks it's extremely addicting. Transistor is proof that video games can be art. If Transistor is on sale, you owe it to yourself to buy it."
76561198008758654,Recommended,237930,14642372,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,BtBedway,"That was fun - Short and very sweet.  Like Bastion?  You must try Transistor.  Unique Combat, Great Narrative, with an Ending to match.  Enjoy!"
76561198004565666,Recommended,237930,17359233,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,brickey.8,"If you are looking for Bastion 2, this is not it. Sorry. A lot of the design decisions are similar, but the combat system could not be more different, it's much more linear (you can't advance without killing all enemies, can't backtrack, and the number of fights you can skip are countable using fingers), and the wonderful narrator character has been replaced by one that's merely passable.That said, the game is pretty good if you're willing to accept it for what it is: Its own game.* The combat system has good depth (even if some abilities are woefully over/underpowered compared to the rest, and important hints are only displayed once in a way that you can easily miss them).* The story is ok (though you're left to fill in a lot of blanks on your own). It borrows a lot of cues from Bastion on presentation.* It has an equivalent of Bastion's Gods that lets you scale up the difficulty to whatever level you want at any save point (in fact I like this game's selection better than Bastion's, since it doesn't favor some weapons over others the same way).* New Game + keeps the difficulty scaling and your leveling going from the same point it was at the end of the game (good thing since the story is shorter), as if there were no interruption.* The way the lore unlocking is implemented encourages you to try out every ability in all three possible slots, which is a plus in my opinion.* It is pretty and has good music.Combat is a mix of real-time and turn-based, with the time between your ""turns"" scaling with how much you did during the last turn (though attacking without going into turn mode is a valid strategy and a few abilities are always available). It veers wildly between frantic, fun, methodical, tedious and everywhere inbetween, depending on the enemies and your skill loadout; but usually hovers near ""frantic and fun"". Instead of Bastion's variety of balanced weapons, you mix an match abilities an upgrades. Some are blatantly better than others but there's certainly no ""one good build""."
,Recommended,237930,29202263,Posted: 12 January,all,purpledeive,"unique combat system, hotshot bossfight, ahard enemies, badass main character. i will continue my journey."
76561198012388063,Recommended,237930,29494237,Posted: 25 January,all,emontyj,awesome game. I hope this sale means some DLC coming or Transistor 2!
,Recommended,237930,19490100,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,hetakai,"Definetly not just a game, a piece of art. With it's excellent soundtracks, marvelous artwork and wonderful story-line, Transistor is a must-play. I really regret not playing it before and i wish it would never end while playing. Just buy it already!"
,Recommended,237930,12687365,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Dahaka,"It’s hard to play Transistor without comparing it to Bastion if you’ve had the pleasure of playing Supergiant’s first game.  Supergiant definitely has a look and feel that permeates through both games.  This is reflected in the art, music and the story which pulls you in slowly and encourages you to play multiple times to explore the depths of the characters and the world around you.The gameplay is quite different, however.  While Bastion was a fast paced brawler, Transistor explores turn based combat with an emphasis on experimenting with different playstyles.  It took me quite a bit longer to really get into the gameplay, but once I did I had a blast swapping abilities and looking for interesting combos.  Common to both games is a system that allows you to choose your own difficulty dynamically in the game by equipping items that adjust the power levels of your enemies and offer additional rewards.I ended up playing through the game twice without switching to another game in-between, and would highly recommend it to any of my friends."
76561198029654244,Recommended,237930,13464601,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Ordered Entropy,Achieves excellence.
,Recommended,237930,10202947,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Army of None,"Beautiful aesthetics, beautiful gameplay, beautiful soundtrack."
,Recommended,237930,13816380,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,BiscuitBro,Holy Sh*t. 10/10
,Recommended,237930,24265207,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,bell,"Mesmorizing game, with a deep storyline and superb gameplay.It is genuinly one of those games i don't regret even a bit playing, although short in nature.However, there is a BUNCH of replayability to keep you occupied."
76561198137676868,Recommended,237930,27347441,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Artimenner,Definitely a must play game.Plot 10/10Soundtrack 10/10Characters 10/10Everything is perfect.
76561198014341555,Recommended,237930,26080710,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Family Friendly,"A year passed since I played this game for a first time and now I come back for a few hours of amazing singing and musical ♥♥♥♥♥♥ as well as for beutiful stylisation of levels. This game makes you remember this great atmosphere every time you look at your steam library and see ""Transistor"""
,Recommended,237930,28305574,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Exia - エクシア,10/10art piece.
,Recommended,237930,12616996,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,depressed tizzle,"After finally finishing my first playthrough of Transistor I can say it was Amazing.- The gameplay was wonderful, the combat was diffrent making it enjoyable- The soundtrack and Art was Divine (especially the art during cut scenes)- Story was amazingIn short I loved this game, I wish it was longer and I don't regret buying it for full price."
,Recommended,237930,27424334,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Fancy Bacon and Beef Eater,+Beautiful game+Amazing soundtrack+Unique gameplay+Interesting world-First boss fight was great but the other were just meh-I wanted more interesting characterOverall: A great game with one of my favourite artstyle and soundtrackThis game is a must buy
,Recommended,237930,34387373,Posted: 20 August,all,=CLA= Fire_Storm,"Doesn't teach, but knows that you'll learn. Doesn't overdramatise, but knows that you'll empathise. Doesn't wipe the floor with you, but knows it'll be a challenge.A very self-assured outing from Supergiant Games, and while there are many similarities to the absolutely spectacular Basion, the new combat mechanics, challenges and setting are most welcome and, as always, the music and voice work are an absolute treat."
,Recommended,237930,11121571,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,С Г エ χ,"Transistor is a 2D isometric adventure game done by the same creators of bastion. Like bastion, the game looks beautiful, has a good soundtrack, and similiar to bastion, you're accompanied by a narrator/partner of sorts.  Unlike bastion, the combat is a bit different. Your character is slow, and doesn't really posses a guard, instead you can use evasive skills or initate turn(), which pauses the game and lets you queue up a certain number of actions.  It's an interesting mechanic and the way the game is set up lets you customize your abilites very well and inutitively. However, combat at later levels starts to get boring, you're either stunlocking the enemies or just hiding for your turn() to recharge, it's not at all the fast pased quick acting combat in Bastion.  I don't want to spoil anything, but the final boss is awful, it's like they shoved in a jrpg boss into an action game, you can't do anything about attacks, it's all about dealing damage quicker than it can.Wasn't a fan of the ending either, but that's a more personal thing."
,Recommended,237930,15325113,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,GooseAttack,"Possibly the best game I've ever played. Everything is perfectly designed and executed; the passion the creators have for every aspect of their craft shows throughout. I didn't think it would have been possible for them to have done better than Bastion (and some of the reviews I've seen don't rate it as highly) but in my eyes it's far superior, and I rate Bastion extremely highly.Two of the things I wasn't a big fan of in Bastion have been fixed in Transistor. Firstly, the narrator: he was great, but I'm not a big fan of voiceovers as a way of revealing the plot. In Transistor the commentary is provided by a companion, albeit a rather unconventional one.Second, the combat. In Bastion I found that once I got a weapon combination I really liked, I stuck with it and neglected the others, and fighting seemed to be a bit hack-and-slash. You can still play this way if you so wish, but the combat system has been expanded in the most incredible way to encourage you to try other things. Attacks can now be combined and stacked, and the effects of each combination are radically different and fantastically awesome. The sheer variety of possible attacks is mind-boggling, and they're all badass -- none is definitively 'the best'. There's also a very clever 'attack planning' mechanic available, which looks a bit like turn-based combat but really isn't. The combat system is quite unlike anything I've seen anywhere else, and I loved it.The art, music and story are so good it's impossible to do them justice in a review. The plot is revealed gently and subtly, and there are moments where a certain realisation dawned on me that required me to sit back and take a few minutes to process it.I didn't just enjoy playing Transistor; I feel genuinely privalged to have done so. This is a short, beautiful game that amply repays the time and cost."
,Recommended,237930,15628855,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Siri er kul,"This game took my soul and replaced the emptiness with devastation, happiness and a lot of emotions. 12/10 would recommend again."
,Recommended,237930,27150066,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Skiarxon,SuperGiant Games delivers again.
76561198053439954,Recommended,237930,14769979,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,It's not slander if it's written,Ripped my heart out and stomped on it while beautiful music played in the background and gorgeous art passed in front of me.Plays better than Bastion. Preferred Bastion's story. Still good.
,Recommended,237930,15776004,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Chandler,"After Bastion being as amazing as it was, Supergiant Games really had a lot to live up to. Transistor doesn't quite hit as hard as Bastion did, but none the less it was still a pretty good game.It has a lot of things in common with Bastion-- optional difficulty increases for more XP, multiple playthroughs, a narrator, the art style, etc. It primarily differs in the combat and the setting, although the story does share many similarities with Bastion. There are many in depth story analysis online. I suggest giving a couple of them a read.Bastion comparisons aside, the game is quite good. I'm not super taken with the combat system, but everything else really shines. Supergiant knows how to make a good game."
,Recommended,237930,10889280,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,[GWJ] Unicycles,"Actions speak louder than words. Rarely has this phrase been so wildly captured by a game as it is now in Transistor. With a voiceless singer, the disembodied narration of the eponymous broadsword, and a gorgeous Art Deco meets Cyberpunk world, Supergiant Games have succeeded in tearing down any expectations left by their previous title. Instead, replacing them with something incredibly different. Something smarter, more refined, and thought-provoking. Transistor truly is a glowing Bastion of excellence."
,Recommended,237930,28917047,Posted: 1 January,all,ATallWhiteGuy,"Basically, if you like Bastion, you'll probably like this as much or more.The story for this is dark-ish, logical, and altogether fun. The story doesn't over-expand itself to the point of being pretentious, and that's a good thing. The ending final boss is a bit of a letdown, but he's hard and fun nonetheless. The combat system for this game is amazing, and finding the combos that utterly destroy the Process is tonza funza. The newgame+ feature is great, and is improved upon from Bastion to the point of it making the game better than your first playthrough.A fantastic game. 9/10."
,Recommended,237930,11520044,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Stx,Beautiful game.
,Recommended,237930,29518163,Posted: 27 January,all,Glass,"Games that make me scream ""DAMMIT NO YOU NEED TO LIVE"" at scripted deaths are good games."
76561197986172067,Recommended,237930,23259887,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,UncleOwnage,"Fantastic game, feels like Bastion with interesting combat.Plenty of customization options and tactics to try out, a cool and mysterious universe withsuperb voice acting backing it up. Definitely a must play."
,Recommended,237930,14951646,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Littlepudintater,"There is no part of this game that I wouldn't recommend. Everything is beautiful from the graphics, to the gameplay, to the soundtrack. Not just there for looks its gameplay mechanics are key to what make me see this game as a strategy/puzzle game as one would find the retry() screen over and over again. All through the game it played fantastically delivering story that I feel bad for leaving behind after completing the game and music that I to this day listen too. This game is a must have for casual and hardcore gamers alike."
,Recommended,237930,32691381,Posted: 23 June,all,CaptainMcShotgun,Simply amazing. I won't be reviewing this game since I believe that just reviewing it would spoil the game for you.
,Recommended,237930,13671806,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Wrenchfarm,A beautiful game in every sense of the world.
,Recommended,237930,16337422,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,RubiXPLODE,"I just started playing this game, and I already feel the need to give a very simple review of the game which is something I've never done before. Let me just say, that this game has beautiful graphics, beautiful soundtrack, and even though so far it doesn't seem like much of a story I am always rather very intrigued. Also, I just love the gameplay of the game! Honestly, I can't wait to play more of it and I'm just simply addicted already. How can a game be so beautiful and absolutely perfect?"
,Recommended,237930,19915210,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,the CHINlord,"With the right combinations, this game is a blast!!!!!!! Jaunt(Spark(Load()) :]But, this game is so beautiful...it almost made me cry in joy!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,237930,10184902,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,jak151,I love it.
,Recommended,237930,10210711,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Funkmaster 3000,"This game is ♥♥♥♥ing phenomenal. The Story is amazing, even better than bastion in my own Humble Opinion. The combat system is complex and fine tuned, and the skill system is completely unique and fantastic. The Music is amazing. The art style is one of the coolest things I have ever seen. If I had one complaint about the game, it's that the combat is a little slow at the beginning, which is a big hit since the game is also fairly short.9.5/10Fantastic"
,Recommended,237930,23355443,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Jake,"If you enjoyed Bastion, this one hones a similar style with a more strategic approach to the gameplay.The stories are a bit similar, too. Transistor might be somewhat of a  repackage of Bastion.. But not with any small effort. It's like, they took Bastion and carved out most of the guts, ate the bones, too, and then put robots in place.I enjoyed Bastion, and SuperGiant did an awesome job on the concept of Transistor. The length is just right on a normal difficulty playthrough.Red, the main protagonist is wonderful to play along with."
,Recommended,237930,14787077,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,pikachu01,"Transistor, if compared to Bastion has an entirely different viewpoint. Not a bad viewpoint per se, but different. Soundtrack is awesome as always and combat feels different though unbalanced in some way when starting out. Combat is much better when replaying the new game plus. Story wise, Bastion is a tad better.Overall a solid 8/10."
,Recommended,237930,19213588,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Radioactive,"Nearly Masterpiece (9.5/10), will finish the game again for 100%  AchievementPros:*Amazing Graphics*Amzing Soundtrack*Amazing Gameplay & Skill upgrade system*Amazing Story & ArtCons:*Fighting system"
,Recommended,237930,10184078,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Hymen Cholo,"I had been looking forward to this game since i heard of it. It has now been released and the gameplay is sick, the combat system works excelently. its tricky and difficult and a challenge if you do things wrong. the campaign feels short but its still good. i want multiplayer 1v1 where each player gets to pick attacks and fight head to head on a selection of maps. thatd be interesting. 8.5/10"
,Recommended,237930,10183484,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Rezzee19,"Transistor is a fantastic Action RPG with gorgeous visuals, a foot tapping soundtrack, and addictive combat system."
,Recommended,237930,10180768,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,[House13] Xanamander,"Very satisfying and intricate combat, interesting upgrade system, and a gruff narrator reminiscent of Bastion. Can't wait to experience more of this world!"
,Recommended,237930,26445517,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,GonarcH,Scorecard:1) Essential purchase2) Recommended purchase3) Recommended purchase during a sale4) Not recommended unless heavily discounted5) Not even recommended for Steam game collectors
,Recommended,237930,12731426,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,FunkyDealer,"You gotta play this game, its art style is gorgeous and its soundtrack is amazing, the story isn't bad and it's combat style is uniqueFor me is a solid 8/10, a must play if you like beautiful games"
,Recommended,237930,12752174,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,oldchili,Buy it. Play it. Finish it. Enjoy.
,Recommended,237930,14119274,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,H.I. McDunnough,"Transistor, aesthetic wise, think Blade Runner meets Cowboy BeBop.  But that really isn't a fair description at all.   First of all I want to say I am not a big RTS fan at all.  So I was very much on the fence about Transistor.  I got it in the Winter Sale of 2014 and just got around to playing it and boy was it a treat.  Gameplay aside this game is ART.  The visuals are stunning and the soundtrack is stellar as we have come to expect with composer Darren Korb of the previous SuperGiant game Bastion acclaim.  Ashely Barrett (also from Bastion fame) has some outstanding vocals as well.  I am not going to compare this game to Bastion they are both good in thier own right.  I enjoyed the Real time/Planning kind of gameplay Transistor brought to the table.  Really unique.  It's a great game albeit short.  I didn't do any extras or training missions and the story took me about 4 hours.  The story (to me) was kinda ambigous and convoluted, but I think that was the point to get people discussing theories and what they interpreted it as.All in all it's a great game, pick it up if you want to see some gorgeous visuals, hear some great music, and have a unique experience only SuperGiant can deliver :)"
,Recommended,237930,31532277,Posted: 3 May,all,Ðumah,"To put it simple this game is a f*cking masterpiece.Great soundtrack, amazing voice work, enjoyable mechanics, stunning artwork...In my humble opinion this is the pinacle of what you could ask if you are looking for a touching and unforgettable experience.10/10"
,Recommended,237930,10815538,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Puzzlebox,"This game is a work of art. It has been quite some time since I last played a game that was so capitivating or moving.For what it's worth, I have never played Bastion so I won't be able to compare Transistor to it. That said, the game's aesthetics are astounding, both in terms of sights and sounds. The game's story is also very good. It essentially dumps you into the middle of events and you have to unpack it from there, tying most of it up at the end. The game's gameplay is also tied into the narrative in a nice and tight manner. The game mechanics involve using various modules that can be equipped either in active, passive, or upgraded slots. The game encourages experimentation as each module contains lore involving a particular character that can only be unlocked by using it in each of these slots. It incentivizes player experimentation in a keen way, rather than finding one tried-and-true attack. Additionally, if your health depletes in a battle it doesn't seem to outright fail you (at least as far as I've experienced). Instead, it disables one of your abilities and recharges your health. As Two Best Friends put it, it's essentially telling you that whatever you're doing currently isn't working. It's another incentive to experiment.We're only halfway through the year, but this might honestly get my choice as the best game of 2014. I look forward to the replays ahead of me.UPDATE 06/28So I thought about this game some more and I want to add another reason why I like this game so much: Red seems like an actual, living person.This is done masterfully through small things in the story. The two that stand out for me are the fact that we see her eat pizza and we see her go to use a bathroom. And I mean use *use* a bathroom, not like Silent Hill *use* a bathroom where you stick your arm down the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ to pull out a wallet. We see her walk into a bathroom, a fade to black with a flush, and the game returns.This was endearing to me. Emotions and whatnot go a long way into making a fictional character appear human, but I honestly think it's the small minutiae that ultimately make fictional characters pop to life more. It's not as exciting as drama, but to me it pulses with the true blood of life: the banality of existence. I apprecaited it a lot."
,Recommended,237930,32136469,Posted: 2 June,all,desertkona,Great Soundtrack checkBeautiful artstyle checkGood storyline checkAmazing gameplay checkworth it. Don't forget to play NG+
76561198318701870,Not Recommended,237930,33508828,Posted: 13 July,all,pamparai,"All style and no substance.While this was an ok game with stunning graphics and a nice soundtrack, I feel somewhat cheated. I was promised some intricate story of human betrayal with interesting characters and developments. I instead found that I was required to read paragraph after paragraph after paragraph of descriptions just to get a sense of the world and I feel that the visual medium would have been an easier way to make the player feel immersed in the Cloudbank society rather than having to read uinteresting biographies of side characters. Most of all, I feel bitter about how the Camerata were portrayed. They were interesting characters that presented Red with moral dilemmas. The problem for me was that I felt this was merely hinted at, and not explored to its full potential.Instead of getting more exposition regarding the Camerata, their ideals, the way that all their plans came toghether, the final dilemma with which they were faced and all the interesting things that could have spawned from this story, instead of all this, I got mindless minion killing, endless respawns of the enemy with full hp, and nothing more, really.The game looks beautiful, the soundtrack is good but I feel this game would have been better if the visual style was used more to portray the society(instead of reading biographies), to show the Camerata and their interactions with each other and Cloudbank and to develop the story in more detail."
76561197961437646,Not Recommended,237930,33470169,Posted: 11 July,all,EMC,If a game hasn't sucked me in after 2 hours... It's tough to recommend it. Nothing is explained ever. But there's tons of talking..  It's a paradox. Combat is okay but it's strange to queue up all your moves then just run around waiting for it to regenerate.
,Recommended,237930,10183452,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Chicago Falcon,"10/10This is the first game from supergiant done completely on their own (Warner Bros. published Bastion) and it is a testament to what indie studios can accomplish when they aren't fettered by a large studio. I wasn't exactly sure what to expect with Transistor and while it is the spiritual successor to Bastion a lot of it is very different and everything that it borrows from Bastion is improved.The art style, music, and narration are all in the same vein as Bastion, which is to say they are a masterpiece. The artwork is very beautiful especially during cutscenes and found myself taking screen shots constantly for desktop backgrounds, etc. The music is a big part of the experience as well, and just as in Bastion, both the music and the artwork set the scene. I would not say they improved on Bastion because that would be saying Bastion was flawed in those aspects. And Bastion is more of a western feel while Transistor is very much a cyber-punk game. However, the artwork is more detailed, rich, and beautiful, probably due to the fact that this is a newer game. I also feel that the music is a bit more developed and varied. The narration is also wonderful.The gameplay has changed significantly from Bastion, so if you're expecting the fun but rather simple gameplay of Bastion, you will be pleasantly surprised. In Transistor, you only have one weapon, if you can call it that. Your weapon looks like a sword, but it is more like a computer that you can upload programs to. Those programs are your powers and you pick them up as you progress through the game. The awesome thing about these programs is that they have three different uses. You can use them as active powers, passive powers, or you can use them to alter other active powers. For example, you have an area of effect attack, and an attack that gets enemies to fight for you. You can alter the AOE attack with the conversion attack and you have an AOE attack that converts enemies. This obviously gives you an immense amount of flexibility in combat and very different gameplay styles and approaches to defeating your enemies.These programs/abilities are then socketed onto your sword, which is the Transistor of the games title. In keeping with the cyberpunk theme, your Transistor has a limited amount of RAM...each program uses different levels of RAM...some only take up one space of RAM, others take up more. Another cool thing about your Transistor is that it is the narrator for your game...I don't want to say too much because I don't want to give away the story, but it all makes sense a little while into the game.Another thing that makes the gameplay very fun is that you can pause time on the battlefield. While paused, you can move around the battlefield, and choose which powers you want to use and which enemies you want to target. This allows you to escape when surrounded, or flank your enemies (since attacks from behind do more damage). This gives the game a turn-based feel to it. It does not really feel like a hack and slash at all...you can use your powers in real-time as well, but when facing very powerful enemies, you will die very quickly when using that tactic.I have not actually died yet while playing but I have discovered another thing about the gameplay in almost doing so. When you're health bar gets to zero, you don't immediately die, you simply lose one of the programs you have socketed into your Transistor. My assumption is that you will die after you lose all four programs. This also requires you to carefully plan which programs you use and how you have them modified, etc. Just another thing that makes this game awesome.Finally, the story is very intriguing. You play as Red who is a famous artist and singer. Apparently, there's a group called the Camerati (sounds kind of Mafia-ish) who is angry at you for some reason and they try to kill you. They have also killed the other important people in the city you live in (called Cloudbank). That is all I can say since I haven't played it completely yet, and I don't want to give anything important away. But I can say that the story is very intriguing and every aspect of the game helps tell it."
76561198029364352,Recommended,237930,13193908,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Anna,"awesome storyawesome graphicsbalanced and challenging fights with different playstylesawesome voice and musicawesome overall atmosphereIt's hard to find something wrong in this game for me. A bit short, but I'm not shure it's bad."
,Recommended,237930,10182293,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Timo★,SUPERGIANT KNOWS HOW TO MAKE ♥♥♥♥ING VIDEOGAMES
,Recommended,237930,10181282,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,ChronosCobalt,"After an hour of playing I can just say: ""Buy this Game!"". The combat is  innovative, fun and it works  very good. Also the visuals are, not only due to the setting and the presentation of the game, great.tl;dr : You can hum 10/10"
76561198056526892,Recommended,237930,33840724,Posted: 27 July,all,ｔｅｒｍｉｎａｌ,A heartwarming tale exploring the daily difficulties of having a transexual female sibling
,Recommended,237930,15031022,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Bouma,"This game was amazing! I picked it up because I enjoyed Bastion so much. Its similar to Bastion in that its the same narrator (hell yes), the music (Darren Korb) its got your side challenge missions, the plus playthrough but its so much more. I cant say that I enjoy either game more than the other although after playing bastion to almost exhaustion this game felt like coming back to it in a new way.The art in this game is so incredibly trippy; good stuff. You can just walk around and stare at stuff, haha. The world feels alien at first but you slowly get used to it. Much like the story. You're kinda just thrown into it not knowing much of what is going on, but as you discover this strange world the story slowly unravels.The music could be one of the best parts tho. It really suits the atmosphere of the game. Its one of those soundtracks you can listen to without the game and really enjoy it. Also the music is once again done by Darren Korb (Bastion).Pros+Great storytelling+Incredible soundtrack (The game came with the soundtrack and I listen to it all the time)+Immersive art. Just walking around looking at stuff is fun, haha.+Talented voice actorsCons-The story is a little short (5 hrs)- No leaderboards- No main menu (you are immediately thrown into the game)"
76561198024772706,Recommended,237930,12698259,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Z1r0na,Very interesting game style but can get very hard at times to the point where you rage quit
,Recommended,237930,10383557,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Scary Monster,"Transistor is a rare game that combines sleek, smart combat, an incredible soundtrack, gorgeous level design, interesting gameplay, a captivating story with great pacing, and some of the best voice acting I've ever heard in a game to become something so much more than its individual parts. The functions, upgrades, passives and limiters work together seamlessly, and Transistor trusts that you're capable of figuring out the best combinations on your own. It's just intuitive enough without being condescending like many games recently.For me, the story is what really shone. The writing is consistently fantastic and draws you in right from the beginning of the game. I really felt like I was watching the destruction of a city I used to live in. I experienced a wide range of emotions from hope to anger to a huge sense of loss. The ending caught me off-guard; it's tragic, beautiful and heart-wrenching. It's not a terribly long game (~9 hours before NG+) but that doesn't matter. It's exactly as long as it needs to be.tl;dr buy Transistor it's really good"
,Not Recommended,237930,13758875,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Eftaisio,"Oh gosh, I wanted to like this game so much. However, when a game gives no explanation to any of its charicters or technical terms that it throws around it leaves you feeling like there was a prologue or something that you missed. Still hoping that there actually was."
,Not Recommended,237930,13894895,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Averagus,"I quite enjoyed playing Bastion a few years ago and I bought this expecting a similarly engaging though brief experience. That was not to be however because when you take away the haunting soundtrack and the wonderful aesthetic, you have a very short, simple and repetitive game.The hybrid real-time/turn-based combat is interesting and the progression system is somewhat unique. I'm sure as some critics have said, that a second playthrough fleshes out the combat but my playthrough leaves me with no desire to go through it again. Even the short time I spent with it was padded out with backtracking and vague, pretentious monologues.I bought Transistor at a significant discount and I still absolutely regret buying it. It is tough given the positive reception the game has received to give it a definite thumbs down so just do your research before you decide either way. This will be the last time I take some respected critics at their word."
,Recommended,237930,35325699,Posted: 29 September,all,Terrodactyll,Still a better love story than Twilight
,Recommended,237930,16303755,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Pretty boi,"Piece of art.I don't even know what to say, it's a must play, so just play it. PLAY IT. Just... play it. Don't let your dreams be dreams."
,Not Recommended,237930,13752629,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,FordGT90Concept,"This game uses approximately 25 KB/s of bandwidth constantly and there is no way to stop it other than putting all of Steam into offline mode which I did and I really saw no difference in the game besides improved performance.  There is no option to disable this either and it made Steam, and my internet connection at large, unstable.Excepting that glaring bug they call a ""feature.""  I really don't have much good to say about this game.  I finished it in under 7 hours with all of the game lock ups from the aforementioned bug, the music is completely unnoteworthy compared to Bastion, the story is either incoherent or not very good (I don't care either way), and the only remotely redeeming facet to the game is the combat but that, by itself, barely rates 3 out of 5.Unless you really, really want to support Supergiant Games, I recommend looking elsewhere."
,Not Recommended,237930,32180609,Posted: 4 June,all,kccricket,"This is another one of those games that I really wanted to like, but found myself disliking it more and more until I (admittedly) ragequit.Transistor is gorgeous. The voiceover is well done. The gameplay is unique and initially refreshing. I even enjoyed the first two-thirds of the game... then I started to find it frustrating.I'll list off the things I didn't like, from smallest to largest:Far too often, things don't happen during Turn() the way you plan them. For example, you hit a distant enemy with Get(), which pulls them closer, but they randomly end up next to you (!) instead of in front of you, so your followup attacks completely miss. I don't feel that increases the challenge of the game--it just makes fights last longer and leaves a sour taste in my mouth.The concept of choosing and combining abilities to tailor the game to your playstyle is refreshing at first, but rather tedious later in the game. The game is difficult enough, I felt pressured to min/max and pick the perfect combination of abilities. I get about 10 minutes of gameplay before I spend 5 or more minutes at an Access Point and reevaluate because I've lost an ability (see gripe no. 4 below). It breaks up the flow of the game too much and becomes tiring.Enemies do too much damage, and there are too few ways to mitigate damage. The enemy that made me ragequit takes 5/6ths of your full healthbarin one hit. Some lifesteal would be nice. Maybe a shield?The worst thing about Transistor: the game get'sharderif you don't playperfectly, or didn't somehow have clairvoiance enough to pickjust the right abilitiesfor a fightyou don't even know is coming. When you drop to zero health during a fight, you lose one of your abilitiesfor the rest of the fight, and probably the next fight, too--and it's probably going to be your most important ability. You're forced to finish the current fight--which already killed you once--without one of the most important abilities that would help you finish the fight. Who thought that would make good, fun gameplay? I'd seriously rather just start the fight over again.I'd like to finish the game, but I have my blood pressure to think about."
76561198053721730,Not Recommended,237930,24360866,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Edinfang,"Great fun and beautiful game..... But I can't recommend it because there is a glitch that deletes your save files (doesn't effect everyone certainly but it was reported in 2014 and still has the problem for some users. I found that my data was deleted (but it is locatable), however next time I went back to the game I loaded it and it autosaved instantly which meant that the back up was gone too. Really need to fix this. But if you are willing to go through the faff of loading the back up or repeating nearly 4 hours then it's a lot of fun."
76561198320460742,Not Recommended,237930,34544574,Posted: 27 August,all,bluejay676,"I don't often have unpopular opinions about video games, escpecially indie games, but this is one of those rare exceptions. And I know this is gonna get downvoted into olblivion, but that  doesn't  matter to me. Don't get me wrong; I really wanted to like this game, but it came off as REALLY PRETENTIOUS. Your talking sword never shuts up but at the same time he doesn't know how to speak in complete sentences. The story is really confusing and it's as if the developers expected you to catch onto everything soley based on the sentence fragments your sword mumbles into your ear. The challenge area is an interesting concept but gets old fast. The combat system is odd and gets repetitive, but isn't terrible. I did like the graphics. The visual aesthetic here definitely works, and the music too. Sadly, not much else does."
,Not Recommended,237930,23336940,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,fizgig,"Too many similar enemies, too much kiting around, not as good as Bastion.  Loved the narrator in Bastion, in this one it\'s annoying, story is not nearly as good."
,Not Recommended,237930,23361872,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Josh19101,"I like the setting and the music, but everything else in this game is quite bad.  Clunky gameplay involving the same moves over and over and over again.  That alongside a muddy upgrade system makes for a tedious game.  I'm about halfway through and think I'm just going to watch the second half on youtube."
76561198168550923,Not Recommended,237930,34006053,Posted: 3 August,all,catseyecrake,"Is this a beautiful work of art? Yes.Does it have a great soundtrack? Yes.Isit...fun?Not....really.This feels like just a beautiful walking simulator with wonky combat. I had to turn on subtiltes and remix the audio levels to make the dialogue much louder just so I could get a sense of what's going on. Even then, I'm not terribly intrigued. I'm more into the style of ""show me, don't tell me"" when it comes to storytelling, but this game is basically 100% ""don't show me, only kind of tell me,"" and that only works for so long. There's no exploration to it. You just follow the rat maze, fight sporadically, and listen to the spirit in your sword lament about the ""ruin"" that has befallen the city around you.Visually, it's fantastic, but I think they went wrong with the format to deliver the game. Perhaps it would have been better off as a VN."
,Recommended,237930,10202904,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Cal,"A amazing atmosphere backed up by fast paced planning gameplay makes for a amazing game. Like, really amazing. Buy when you can afford."
,Recommended,237930,10226235,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,jonlaj,"If you liked Bastion, well worth the price of admission.If you didn't like Bastion, what the hell is wrong with you?"
,Recommended,237930,11514233,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Common Invasive Spycrab,Beautiful soundtrack.
76561198049188699,Recommended,237930,15427425,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Nikolaus I,"To slow for my taste and the music is a bit depressing.But the game is good, if you like the theme."
76561198068323286,Recommended,237930,24368029,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,bisque,This game is by far one of the best indie games i've ever played
76561198064667578,Recommended,237930,24364548,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,give smooch now,"The only way I can accurately describe this game, after having beaten it for the first time, is beautiful. It's beautiful in every way, be it the graphics (Which are incredibly stylistic and a joy to look at) or the story (Which was intriguing, and, by the end, moving). It's got some of the best gameplay I've ever seen, as the combat and upgrades are a wholly unique and very rewarding system.Before I played this game, I didn't have a top-5 list of games.After I played this game, Transistor was number one."
,Recommended,237930,13680387,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,LΞGΞND,100/10 - The story is amazing and the gameplay is unique. There is no reason to not purchase this game.
,Recommended,237930,11203119,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Adrauf,buy this
76561198027105216,Recommended,237930,11669934,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,earthsdestination,"Amazing game just wish it was longer. 1st playthrough took about 6 hours, sorry but thats a little bit of a downer."
,Recommended,237930,10203268,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,"Euron ""Thots Begone"" Greyjoy","It's a touching love story about a woman and the inanimate object she uses to kill things.Well, only kind of. Just play it, the gameplay is smart and fast paced and the art and music are beautiful. If you played Bastion, you know the quality of game to expect from Supergiant."
,Recommended,237930,24359840,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Endetec,"Task manager simulator. 10/10Joking aside, it's a really good game with one of the best art directions you will ever see and an interesting story with a satisfying ending.It isn't very long and the gameplay could have been done better but it's still quite good and the skill evolution really change the way you face enemies, forcing you to try new abilities until you find your perfect combination.The voice acting is very good and i give Transistor an 8/10."
,Recommended,237930,10536860,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,beep,"The visuals and ost are stunning, as I've come to expect of supergiant after Bastion. It's a nice little story with a sense of humor."
,Recommended,237930,10363822,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,DFCHarem,"Game is definitly worth its price. It offers a good story that at first I had trouble following but as you progress things become more clear but still leaves some blank areas, which was well done and added to the mystery of the world. The gameplay is solid and feels fresh with option to go into a psuodo turn based action sequence. The moves and customization provide plenty of options and all feel unique. The art in this game looks flawless and is very asceticaly pleasing. Was not used to this art graphic style at first but as I played I began to really enjoy it. The art style of the game definitly makes a big part of the experiance and is unique from the standard games of today.Worth every cent and the replayibilty is high. The campaign may feel short but for me was done just right and left me satisfied. A must play game."
,Recommended,237930,10334219,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,The Mighty Doove,This took everything i loved about bastion and made it one hundred times better! Best game I've played this year so far!
,Recommended,237930,24382853,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,GrynosaurusWrex,"Love this games combat system and upgrade system. More of an emphasis on combat, but still some RPG action specific to upgrades to abilities."
,Recommended,237930,24903014,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,AndrewAlmond,GOOD ♥♥♥♥ING♥♥♥♥♥♥RIGHT HERE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!100/10 would ♥♥♥♥ Red in the puss constantly!!!!!!!
,Recommended,237930,10256990,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Goo,"I feel like this game had an amazing story but I was just too dumb to grasp it properly.Regardless, it has some interesting mechanics but ultimately is a little short considering its price.There's also some post game BS but Iunno"
76561197980347122,Recommended,237930,21778766,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Dungeon Man,"Awsome game, 10/10"
,Recommended,237930,21769250,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,MHLoppy,"A good chunk of Transistor owners will already have played through Bastion - if you liked that, chances are good you'll like this. I'll be talking from the perspective of somebody who played through Bastion as a whole twice, and finished my first Transistor run a good 5 minutes before writing this. Transistor plays quite similarly on the whole, imo. Game mechanics have an overall similar feel, but some elements have been evolved. Discounting the story, it's about as much of a sequel to Bastion as Mass Effect 2 was a sequel to Mass Effect 1.Weapon choices and strategy are dialled up, with a large mix of both active and passive slots (compared to 2 active + 1 special) - and any single weapon can be put into either slot, with differing effects. Weapons can also be layered on top of another in a slot, with another different effect depending on which weapon is on the bottom and what you put over it.Although real time movement and combat are still available, you need to make use of what is basically a ~5s time-freeze button on a ~10s cooldown against all but the most trivial enemies. This particular element is almost like a very toned down version of Frozen Synapse's turn based combat. You press the button, plan out your ~5s worth of moves carefully, press the button again and watch yourself execute those commands while everything around you moves in ultra-slowmo. After the commands are finished, everything goes back to normal and your beepity boopity magic time fridge goes on cooldown. The extra twist is that while this is on cooldown, you lose the ability to use pretty much all weapons, meaning you have to make good use of combat bonuses like backstab (hit from behind for extra damage on some weapons), combo (use your basic melee and then something else for a fixed ""combo"" damage bonus), as well as actual weapon combos (such as damage amplifying abilities before your hard hitters).Overall, I found this mechanic made the combat a superior experience, although my satisfaction did not actually increase compared to Bastion when completing combat. Successfully fighting off superior foes while outnumbered wasn't exhilerating - it was expected. Even after trialling loadouts to find the best ones and then pulling off the ""correct"" ordering for these rarely resulted in more than a ""cool, I can continue with the story now"" feeling. It never felt like a grind, it just wasn't as enjoyable to me as the mechanic suggested it might be. I am technically a competitive PvP player in LoL though, so my PvE opinion is probably a little harsh.New weapon stategies and fancy new magic fridge mechanic - anything else I should know related to combat? As a matter of fact, yes. The third major combat change is actually the dying mechanic. Instead of having regular extra chances on death, your weapons double as lives. If you ""die"" you lose your most valuable weapon for the remainder of this fight and the fight after, but regain all of your health. This makes combat very forgiving, and most of the highest value weapons are not your basic damage sources in combat, so finishing a fight never funnels into ""oh crap I have nothing but utility weapons"" unless you do really, really poorly in a fight (at which point it'll be faster to reload the fight anyway).Optional auto-targetting for weapons was removed, although with the magic fridge mechanic I didn't miss it at all. I actually thought combat in Transistor was far less frustrating in its ""bad"" moments. Some of Bastion's later fights were a little unpleasant, and some weapons did not work intuitively with the commando roll (which was also removed in Transistor, RIP) but I virtually never got frustrated with combat in Transistor.Graphics, audio, and story depth are about par compared to Bastion. There's ironically even fewer characters that you meaningfully care about, although there are quite a few extras that have a minimal, passing importance.Bastion's skill test areas told backstories for characters, and weapon drops were only forced to be used very briefly, with no ill-effect of any kind for swapping back to your old standbys. Transistor forces you to play around with every single unlock in every single slot to get all of that same backstory. I understand the decision for doing so (most people would be missing out on fun/good weapon combinations without it), but it wasn't my preference to have to knowingly choose a worse weapon combination if I wanted to read more backstory.There's a few other minor annoying details, but nothing I can't look past - certainly nothing that made me outright stop playing.One of my favorite parts of Transistor (at least over Bastion) is actually the ability to easily save progress and/or swap loadout. There are access points to do so after every fight or two, making it easy to take breaks as you progress through the game.It's basically another Bastion, but with a game's worth of experience for Supergiant Games to take on board, and I enjoyed it about as much as I did Bastion. And that amount is quite a lot.Second playthrough update: unlike Bastion, Transistor's combat actually continues to change over the course of the second run as new unlocks become available. Combos with close to full unlocks are more satisfying to pull off against tougher enemies as well."
,Recommended,237930,25314922,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Sasaene,"I played this game after playing and loving Bastion. While I enjoyed Transistor, I found it paled in comparison to Bastion in terms of my immersion in the game. The turn-based aspect of the combat scenes was interesting, but I think overall it slowed the pace of the game too much, breaking some of the appeal for me. Bastion was fast-paced and fun, and time flew when I was playing it. But I found myself only able to play Transistor for about an hour without getting sick of it--it ended up being a bit of a labor to finish the story.The artwork was beautiful, the music was great too, and the story was interesting and creative. I enjoyed the cutscenes and reading about the corresponding character for each function. However, I did not really enjoy the actual combat scenes. Overall, I would recommend this game tentatively, but if you are choosing between Transistor and Bastion--pick Bastion."
76561198039427672,Recommended,237930,24305692,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Grum9ski,"One of the only games I played again after I beat it to experience the great story and gameplay again.  My only complaint is that there isn't more of it.  This game has great design, gameplay, and story. It's definitely a gem that's flown under the radar for many gamers."
,Recommended,237930,24371099,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,RhymesWithPsycho,"A stunning mix of strategy and tactics with real time skill based elements. The immersive world of Transistor is full of music and mystery. The amazing amount of depth in mixing and matching your abilities allows for any play style you enjoy, and even the most taxing combat can be overcome through thought and execution of strategy. A must play for any game systems designer."
,Recommended,237930,10195008,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Kor Fox'); DROP TABLE NAME; --,Please. Please play this game. I cannot express how amazing of an experiance it is to play this game. Truely one of the most original and truely enjoyful indie game I have ever played. This is a flawless game. 10/10
,Recommended,237930,25647001,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Tangerine Legmenen,"Yes, play it.No you won't regret it."
,Recommended,237930,25639155,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,daniuse,"It's behind defenitions. Must play, must feel."
76561197997433613,Recommended,237930,10185130,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,quadzilla,the most beautiful game i've ever played.
,Recommended,237930,10185507,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Lurch,Love()
,Recommended,237930,10761344,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,＠ｐｉｒｓ,INDIE GOTY 2014
,Recommended,237930,16619853,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,England is my CT,"Great story, awesome soundtrack, nice game mechanics. Would've liked it to have a longer playtime but it had a very fufilling story."
,Recommended,237930,24744075,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,(O.W.N) Platypus God,"Gameplay is fun, graphics are great, music is awesome, but the story you won't get fully until you replay it.Worth the money, if it's on sale grab the ost too.P.S.This game makes you hate Men, so I suppose I could qualify as a Feminazi now?"
76561198140057031,Recommended,237930,24037540,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,gralian_paradox,Alright well I've played Bastion on my old Xbox 360 and I kinda liked it but that's all. Since this game was on sale I decided to buy it because of Steam's new refund policy and I started it up and started playing it for a bit. I came to a reasonable stopping point in the game and closed it and saw that I had played it for 1.1 hours. I didn't stop because it was boring but because it was 2 am and in short this game is so freaking cool. It has an amazing soundtrack that you should purchase and it made me dig up my old Tritton headphones and plug them in so I could get lost in the music more.10/1 would kill an umbrella wielding robot/human evil thing again.
,Recommended,237930,24037673,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Pat,Is good
,Recommended,237930,24041787,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Adonexus,Combo's can get dry and combat is somewhat tedious.the soundtrack and artwork is amazingthe story often feels like it has little direction but you just have to keep going until you actually begin to piece together the puzzle.I recomend it to anyone with patience and a love for stradegy type games
,Recommended,237930,24038485,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Van Hunks,"I haven't played too much of this yet but love it so far, the combat is very unique and I am completely in love with the artwork. Nice vibes, cool environment, I love it."
,Recommended,237930,24030010,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,affluentcolossus30,great game my 2 favorite after bioshock infinitepros-good story-good music-fun gameplay-strategic-beautiful atmosphere-great artstylecons-short-a little easy
,Recommended,237930,24042301,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Kr0s13r,"Interesting game, a lot of strategy, you can customize and combine all of the abilities. Enjoyable."
76561198017101354,Recommended,237930,11509936,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Indigo,"Easily one of the best indie games, and the soundtrack is amazing. Just buy the game!"
,Recommended,237930,10183634,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,MT17 ~SWP~,"Twice now, Twice now you ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s have left me a blubbering pile of tears and feels at the climax of a game, Good on you mates, looking forward to the next one, GET. THIS. Game."
,Recommended,237930,24357034,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,KaZumaTree,"A sublime masterpeice done in the same vein as Supergiant Game's Bastion, with a well-designed hybrid real-time and turn-based combat system that shows they are willing to mix it up if it makes for a better game.+A beautifully directed sci-fi cyber-reality universe wherein the rules of the game's reality are bent or broken by the events transpired, rendered beautifully at every level+A unique real-time with pause-turns combat and progression system that fits the world as well as allow for vastly different approaches and playstyles.+Supergiant Games' famous narrated storytelling in strong form, combined with a compelling storyline and an equally compelling (if mute) main character.+Legendary musical direction that becomes an essential leg that the game stands on, and is hauntingly beautiful on its own.================-World and art direction can be somewhat esoteric and abstract for those unfamiliar with computer-based lingo, memes, and concepts.-Combat and progression system can be difficult to understand at the start.-Whilst the narrated storytelling device is solidly delivered (as well as the compelling story itself), it is a somewhat expected and somewhat overused mechanic at times.-Some minor inconsistencies in minor details for the universe (as well as lackluster sound effects) are noticeable."
,Recommended,237930,14148753,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Call Me A Hero,Beautiful.
76561198130813150,Recommended,237930,24379247,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Kaori,Best game I've played in a while.
,Recommended,237930,11536980,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,nefarious n.b.,Just buy it. I can't tell you why because that would spoil the magic. Just... buy the game.
76561198098623726,Recommended,237930,10277589,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,PlaguePriest,Games like this are the reason we're occasionally allowed to call video games art.
,Recommended,237930,26210525,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Hapless,"One of the most beautiful pieces of art I've experienced.The soundtrack and voiceovers are really, really well done, and all of the visuals I observed were stunning. The combat system is one of the more creative blends of tactics and ARPG elements I've seen - and this system is very well integrated into the aforementioned traditionally artistic elements. Both of the protagonists are interesting and compelling characters, and the storyline is quite good (despite some rather vague moments).Highly, highly recommended."
,Recommended,237930,13439648,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Doctor Doodle,Game crashed because low batter error during important dramatic cutscene. Was convinced it was the actual ending of the story. 10/10 would crash again.
76561198045674334,Recommended,237930,11044703,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,AkatsukiAngel(✿◡‿◡),"I honestly did not expect anything less from SuperGiant Games and they did not fail to please. Transistor is beautifully constructed, utterly gorgeous to look at, and the soundtrack lives up to the action too. The only sad thing about this game was that it didn't get the hype that it deserved :("
76561198045817400,Recommended,237930,10314306,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Camecai Kensai,"Excellent game! From artwork, to soundtrack, to story and of course to gameplay it shines! Supergiant Games has yet again suprised me with their game. Definitely worth the money, maybe even more!"
,Recommended,237930,15871568,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,ChilledDragon,"Pros:Great art styleMusic is top notchGameplay is intuitiveCons:Rehashes gameplay elements from BastionStory is mehShort as ♥♥♥♥, beat it very quickly, and thought there was more. nope."
76561198080038125,Recommended,237930,19840377,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Hexvex,"9.7/10   Buy it, worth full price.Blade Runner and Cowboy Bebop's love child with a huge talking sword.Pros:- Amazing art style- Beautiful Soundtrack- Story is very captivating- Really good combat and build making system that does not hold your hand and encourages experimentation- Lets you choose your own difficulty during play by adding or removing limiters which affects how big an xp boost you getCons:-Wish it was a little longer. Average playthrough will be around 7-8h"
,Recommended,237930,10202372,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,essen,Sincerely the best game I ever played.
,Recommended,237930,28485883,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,p0isonedpanda,"Supergiant Games were on my radar ever since I picked up Bastion in 2011 and played the ever living crap out of it. Everything from the music to the gameplay really stood out to me in Bastion and I felt like it really fell on the right side of pretentious throughout. So when Transistor was released in 2014 I got really excited since not only was this another Supergiant Games release, but it also had the legend Darren Korb behind the soundtrack again. Unfortunately, back then I was super broke and had no way of getting Transistor so I only got to pick it up recently since now I'm slightly less broke. To quickly summarise my thoughts on this game, I feel like it doesn't live up to the legacy of Bastion and overall is nowhere near as good as Bastion. This said though, Transistor is a completely different game to Bastion and for the rest of this review I'll try to treat it as such, but I will be referencing Bastion in places where I deem it to be appropriate. ON TO THE REVIEW!SOUND - 8/10Let's just get this out of the way so we can talk about the harder stuff: Darren Korb is a ♥♥♥♥ing genius. He may not be the best music artist ever, but he does his job of making music for games really well. There's tons of memorable songs and all the songs with lyrics to them are catchy and fun. I'd argue this OST is better than Bastion's in some ways since I can listen to it while chilling and not feel offput by it. The narration was fine in this game, but not nearly as good as Bastion's which always felt super dynamic which made the game feel that much more alive. Overall, very good job in the sound department, as to be expected.VISUALS - 7/10In both Bastion and Transistor we had handpainted isometric scenes, both of which looked absolutely stunning. However, Bastion fell short with the characters since they were 3D models rather than sprites. It's easy to see why they did this, however it always felt a bit jarring to see these obviously 3D models on a very flat 2D backdrop. Transistor improves upon this a lot and while you can still tell that the characters are 3D models, it's far less noticeable and fits in quite nicely. However, I prefer the visuals of Bastion much more since they didn't feel as bland as Transistor's. Yes, I get that Transistor is meant to be set in what is essentially a post apocalyptic future, but everywhere I went felt quite samey. Overall, good job on the visuals but the environments could have been a bit better.STORY - 4/10This is where the♥♥♥♥♥♥really hits the fan for me personally since the story never really got me. If it's any indication of how the story stuck with me, I had to look up the story for the game on the Transistor Wiki before writing this review to refresh my memory. Now don't get me wrong, the story is actually good once you understand it, but that's the issue here: you have to understand it. Now, if you're like me you'll probably play the game in short bursts over the course of a few weeks, mainly due to the gameplay which I'll get to later. The issue with this is that you will probably lose track of some of the subtleties that are important to get the full impact of the story. It also doesn't help that this game is cryptic as ♥♥♥♥, making sure to never fully reveal what it's trying to convey. This is okay for the most part, but as you reach the later parts of the game it starts to get annoying. The worst part is that this game is really going for a dramatic and gripping story but it seems to fall short because of this cryptic delivery method.GAMEPLAY - 5/10The core mechanic in this game is quite interesting and novel, but that's also it's biggest problem. The fact that it's novel means it gets pretty tiresome pretty quickly. Now, for those who don't know the core mechanic in Transistor is the turn based combat mixed with real time combat. When you go through your first few battles, it's cool. When you get more abilities to mess around with, it's cool. But very soon you'll find a combo that's OP and you'll just spam that over and over until you win. At this point, you get pretty bored and if you too lost interest in the story, you lose a lot of drive to complete the game. The game will occasionaly throw curveballs at you, but they can be dealt with easily using your method with minor tweaks. It's worth noting that there is this system called ""limiters"" which make the game harder at the benefit of more XP gain from fights, but these feel like a cheap way of increasing difficulty with no real curve to it which makes it hard to really pick them up unless you're MLG pro or something like that.OVERALL - 6/10This is a good game, but I feel like it could have been so much better. The art as always is great, but the gameplay and story made it hard for me to just sit down and play it. I recommend this game to anyone who likes a good soundtrack in their game and likes reading into lore (since there is a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of lore to read if you so wish). If you've come from Bastion expecting it to be Bastion, then you'll probably be disappointed like I was. Don't get me wrong, I still enjoyed this game, but I just feel so much more could have been done to make this game better."
76561197970385708,Recommended,237930,25950275,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,SullenWench,Awesome!
76561198131764509,Recommended,237930,23904611,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Fuuka,"This has been the one and only video game that has made me actually shed tears. One of the most intriguing stories I've ever seen. It's played through one character with no speech, and another character who communicates with her even though he can't hear her. The ending, without spoilers, is one of the biggest emotional turns of events I've seen in a video game. Beautiful game, beautiful soundtrack, beautiful story. And I haven't even mentioned the gameplay yet. Amazing, innovative gameplay with an amazing weapon system. 10/10, and I won't give that out often."
,Recommended,237930,29515176,Posted: 26 January,all,●◆SWAMI◆●,AWESOME
,Recommended,237930,30176419,Posted: 25 February,all,turtaro,No words could describe this game's beauty.
76561198016479761,Recommended,237930,12699071,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,ZeroFoxGiven,Awesome!
,Recommended,237930,16409837,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,cffx,"Buy this beautiful game.It has an amazing soundtrack, I literally spent time just holding tab and listening to Red sing.It has a great art style, and creative combat. The story is also fantastic.Worth buying at full price, but at 75% off, you definitely should.Also, give Bastion a crack."
,Recommended,237930,21210884,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,FlammableMind,"Transistor is a  Indie game created by the same guys that did Bastion,Is it better than Bastion?No...But its still a really good experience,but a short one at that,i recommend getting on sale for at least 3 or 4 bucks."
76561198104814498,Recommended,237930,21198370,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Narwhal!,"This game has an excellent story as well as a fun and innovative combat system. It is fairly short (it took me 7 hours to complete) but does not contain any unneeded padding. (Which I consider to be a plus). I am not sure how the replayablity is, but it does have a new game + mode of sorts, which lets you keep all your unlocks and increases the difficulty. I would definitely recommend this game, but it might be worth waiting for a sale if you want to get optimal bang for your buck."
,Recommended,237930,10191717,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,cjthehammer,"The first thing I noticed about Transistor was the tremendous presentation. Every part of the game is coupled with a slick style and theme, and it’s so pervasive it’s like having a theme ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. The game is world is supremely beautiful, the menus are styled wonderfully, and you can stop at any time to hum along to the background music. Nothing is forgotten, and it makes the whole game aesthetically fantastic and immersive. I find myself wanting to take pictures of the game all the time, and I would occasionally find myself humming just because it felt right. There are terminals spread throughout the city and the abilities you use come with information on people who lived in the city, giving you no shortage of lore tidbits to read and to immerse yourself in, it’s a wonderful little addition.The actual gameplay consists of a linear romp through Cloudbank, exploring it’s nooks and crannies, with spurts of combat. The combat sets you into an arena with a certain amount of enemies to defeat to proceed. The battles themselves are fairly simple, you can only attack when you are able to make a “turn” (the super slow down time planning phase) and using the turn allows you to essentially make a super attack by attacking 3 or 4 times before the enemy can even blink. Most of the time I felt that attack without using turn was not nearly as effective because the attacks are a lot slower and you leave yourself open to attacks much easier, however when you are waiting to get your turn back you can only run, making the combat have an uneven rhythm that ruins the fun in between turn sessions. The combat is made much more interesting by the abilities you gain, however. The transistor comes with 4 ability slots, which can be slotted with “Functions” that are gained by leveling up or progressing through the story. That is just the basis, however. Each function can be used in three ways, albeit only one at a time, the first to use it as a core ability, the second to use it as an upgrade for a slotted core ability, and the third to use it as a passive. This means you will constantly be switching up your abilities just to see what happens with the combinations, and you’ll be trying to squeeze out your memory (the limit to how many functions you can use) to get maximum fun and efficiency. This is the best part of the combat, and makes the other issues tolerable, but I feel that at it’s core the combat is still lacking, although it is significantly better than Bastion’s combat, which ended up feeling formulaic to me.And finally, we get to the story. Frankly, the story is very poor. The game has an in media res beginning to end all in media res beginnings, and it doesn’t get much better. I never felt particularly attached to the characters, and I still don’t know how or why Red lost her voice in the first place. My biggest complaint though, is how short the game is. It is literally 2 hours, and probably less. I did some challenges and tried to get every terminal I could find so I ended up with a final time of 3 hours but cutting all the excess the game is likely 2 hours or less. I sat in disbelief as the credits rolled, and it killed my experience. By the end of the game I didn’t really care if any of the questions posed were answered, and I really only wanted to see more of the world and experience the beautiful atmosphere, but the game ends too quickly and therefore makes not only the story awful, but the experience cut shorter than it should have.Overall, the game has an amazing first impression, but playing through the game reveals a supremely underdeveloped story and an awesome experience cut short. While not nearly as good as it could have been, the experience is worth a playthrough.6/10"
,Recommended,237930,10663396,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,EvaMoreau,Very beautiful and emotional game with AMAZING atmosphere!
,Recommended,237930,10246910,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Sieg/Kami,"An amazing storyline ,artstyle , unique mechanics, variety of enemies and not to mention the soundtrack make this easily one of the best games i have played.All the abilities in the game can be used in so many ways to pull of some amazing combinations and devastating killing blows or turning enemies against one another, the game rewards and incentivises for creative use of the various different abilities used toghether with the game's unique mechanic of pausing in the middle of the battle for a strategic attack.Overall it's a solid game in every aspect with very rewarding and satisfying gameplay, easily worth it's price tag and honestly a steal in any sale."
,Recommended,237930,14360931,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,leonidas III,"If the amazing and novel gameplay and story don't grab you, I'm sure that the beutiful soundtrack will."
,Recommended,237930,12507411,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,浜名八事,Yes. Best indie ever played!!!
,Recommended,237930,12709772,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Tintagel,"This game is suffused with AWESOME.  It's from the makers of Bastion and has the same kind of incredible music, style, and atmosphere that made me fall in love with that game.  The story is slowly revealed as you play but so far is pretty compelling.  It's a mix of real time and turn based action, where you can plan your moves ahead of time (in several steps and chains) and then execute them.It's really hard to do this game justice, but it's currently on sale for 50% off - just go buy it and give these awesome game developers some of that green.  They deserve it!﻿"
76561198019584864,Recommended,237930,12737650,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Devorlast,"Good game overall. Story is interesting and it takes some tinkering to unlock fully, graphics are good and gameplay is fun. Towards the end it got a little annoying, but it was mostly due to me being used to one playstyle that wouldnt work anymore. Best spent 10$ since I got Baldurs Gate on sale some time ago."
76561197997638808,Recommended,237930,10184669,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Insert Name Here,"The game is by the same people that did Bastion. If that dosen't sell you on this game I don't know what will.And if you don't know what ""Bastion"" is well then looks like you have to buy both games then :)"
,Recommended,237930,24056195,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Volunteer Work,"Amazing aesthetic very interesting story fully told through the ""villains"" and by the transistor itself. Only con i could find is that i was heavily disappointed by its short length"
,Recommended,237930,31287940,Posted: 21 April,all,Beefster,"The game is quite short. Short, on its own, is fine, even for $20 when done well - but this is to the point where once you feel like things are getting going and you get the hang of it all, it's over. I guess you can do a new game +, but that was not well signalled when I bought the game (if that was even a thing shortly after launch... Hard to say since I first played it just over 2 years ago.)The battle mechanics are interesting and deep, without being overwhelming upfront. They take a lot of getting used to -- though fortunately, only a few things are introduced at a time -- and you always feel super limited in what you can equip (especially early on), but once you've got the good stuff, it gets fun. The sword/narrator is sort of entertaining at times (especially when he's ""drunk""), but this game tries a little too hard to be Bastion 2 and sort of falls on its face because of it.The music is completely unmemorable even though it's done by the same composer as the highly memorable Bastion music.It's a good game, but I'd definitely recommend waiting for it to go on sale to buy it because it's definitely not the kind of game that makes you go WOW.7/10"
,Recommended,237930,25117568,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,ErtaLee,"It's an amazing game! The plot is sad, the voice of the guy is verrry sexy :) Sad that it's a bit too short. Hope to find some other game as interesting, as Transistor. Good job, creators!"
76561198057726612,Recommended,237930,10184551,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,FUKINeggscelent,Absolutley beautiful game with mechanics to match! The story is compelling and keeps you on your toes.
76561198041663027,Recommended,237930,24341271,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Rnosa,"Great game, amazing soundtrack and honestly a really good story.I thoroughly enjoyed this game and highly recommend it"
,Recommended,237930,25019859,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Yung Cash Register,"If you're a fan of breaking your own damn heart, please, don't hesitate, buy this immediately."
,Recommended,237930,10963796,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Jorts Maul,im pretty sure that video games arent allowed to be this good
76561198081569804,Recommended,237930,24337928,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Arlo the Burping Pig,"After finishing this game, I realised a talking sword has more pulling game than me"
,Recommended,237930,29453551,Posted: 23 January,all,Uplinked,Do yourself a favor and get this game.
76561198079122074,Recommended,237930,32906666,Posted: 27 June,all,Mightyy,A good game.
76561198028010239,Recommended,237930,30017592,Posted: 18 February,all,BaznaiRedgar,And people say games can't be art. Masterpiece in all categories.
76561198132569399,Recommended,237930,24392769,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Nèwar735,"I am kinda picky with games, and i notice i become more and more pretentious getting older.Despite having played just a few hours i can say this title is a must have for all the good games lovers.You will find this amazing if:-You love to relax when you play;-You like original yet simple game mechanics;-You appreciate good music and drawing;-You like noir and futuristic environment;-You like to handle talking swords.This is a piece of art for who understand it, of course.There may be some issues with fps once you install it; check the game folder , there are x86 and x64 version, using the right one for your system fix it.BUY it especially when discounted on steam sale!"
,Recommended,237930,23854663,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,L U C I O,"This game is pure beauty. From the Story itself, the Dynamic Gameplay, to the Music, and not to Mention the tasty innovative graphics, this game is gold. A 10/10 for me."
76561198032077642,Recommended,237930,12602567,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Warsymphony,"Short but sweet. Beautiful music, beautiful art, interesting story, excellent combat! I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,237930,12574924,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,jrocious,"I loved playing this game, it also has replay value and great sound track. I would recommend this."
,Recommended,237930,12718189,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,shadowmegaman26,This is one of the Best Games that I have played with one of the most amazing sound tracks!!If you ever want to play an Action RPG game that will keep you interested I say this game is a must have :D
,Recommended,237930,23861183,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,the_lazy_duck,Brillant artwork and amazing Sound Track. Gameplay is good too. Played it after Bastion and it's amazing.
,Recommended,237930,23460989,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,meWIN,"Button mashing made smart. There doesn't seem to be many skills, but there are many ways to employ them. Be creative and don't cage yourself on the first successful combo of skills. Gameplay will get repetitive if you do so. The whole point of the game is to try and find new ways to tacle the same problem.Story is good, art is great and music is fine. Overall a lot of fun and a recomended purchase."
,Recommended,237930,13702079,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,#Pussibility,"Best X-mas purchase ever, a must play if you liked Bastion. Excellent gameplay, story, feel!"
76561197977314644,Recommended,237930,13704750,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Puppet #7,"SuperGiant games is one of the few studios that’s letting me hold onto believing I can honestly still expect to enjoy a video game as an adult (30+)Its obvious they're a group of developers who are both unique and inspired at the work they do- they have an actual ""voice"" and use their games as the media to share it with an audience. Both Bastion and Transistor while having entirely separate settings and characters, have a familiar thread visibly running thru one another- and its good.------------The most common complaint I see with both titles is the length of the game, as each even with the intended double play-thru can be completed entirely under 15-20hrs. With Bastion it felt short, however now playing thru Transistor- I think I see the formula: SuperGiant's games are more than just button mashers, they have a story- something to see unfold and listen to (literally) If they can say everytihng they need to say in 7 hours then that’s the length of the game-Respect your audience with concise quality- not hollow filler.At the end of Transistor- yeah, I wanted more, but not in the ""I feel ripped off sense"" it’s the ""I wanna see what these guys create next."" Don't forget its also surrounded by beautiful visuals, rock solid mechanics and some of the best voice overs in the business.Spoiler free Core review:I beat the game first run, no deaths, no retry's, so vanilla playthru without limiters in play is fairly straight forward- however enemies are deadly accurate at all stages and some later in the game have auto hit from stealth which is hard to deal with if you're not watching closely. The mechanic of losing abilities (temporary) instead of lives was a nice change from the usual system- it forces you to alter your playstyle on the fly and creates some really tense moments when your down to only one or two functions in your hotbar that don’t really synergize.If I had to list a Con, the Function screen is initially a bit obscure as to what skills are equipped or not and where, once you see that their borders change  and their descriptive text changes color to reflect where they are installed its actually an elegant system once you get used to it, but it took me a an hour or so to notice it.Other than that its minor things like if you rebind your primary four hotbar skills it doesn’t update the UI graphically to show the new keys- it’s just blank dots, again nit picking.So yeah, I can’t recommend this Studio's product enough- I actually feel bad for buying the game on sale, as soon as i drop this review I'm buying the soundtrack just to throw a couple more bucks their way in redemption :PSo SuperGiant if you see this- you've made a follower outta me my request: Your short stories and rock solid delivery hooked me, now give me a full novel to bite into."
,Recommended,237930,14867999,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Spawn Three Bears,Basically you are trying to kill Skynet with a magic talking popsicle. 10/10
,Recommended,237930,12707568,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Darth Edak,"Lovely art design, superb soundtrack, and intriguing gameplay. The narrative is mysterious and inscrutible, but mainly because large chunks of the backstory are contained in text files that you unlock more of while playing through, and after a while you forget who the main players prior to the event were if you don't play this in one or two sittings.It's similar to Bastion for me - I loved it, but it took me a while to actually finish, purely because I kept putting it down.I love everything about these games, but still I can't invest those huge chunks of time.Still recommended, as it's worth it for the soundtrack and artwork alone."
,Recommended,237930,28539910,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,AD,"I may complain ad nauseum about it's flaccid ending, but the rest of Transistor's narrative explores very interesting and thought-provoking ideas. It's one of the most beautiful games I've ever played and has one of the most creative combat systems I've ever seen in an ARPG. A bit short, and again, the last bit is pretty weak, but it's earned a spot next to Supergiant's Bastion. Maybe just slightly below."
,Recommended,237930,10186299,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,THE FRENCHIEST FRY,This game ruined my life.20/10
,Recommended,237930,10186275,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Jacquerel,80% of this game is great but the ending is a real disappointment.
,Recommended,237930,13810245,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,PinkSkie1,"The first game to actually make me cry in a long, long time. Great story, cute artistic design, fluid and satisfying gameplay. The main character, Red, is very much her own person; you dictate what she does in combat, you dictate her movements and how meticulous she is in finding things, but in the end, you get a sense of being more of a guide than a controller. However, the game's a bit short, and not as challenging as one might expect; still, for the story and fun aspects, I'd easily reccomend it."
,Recommended,237930,10307168,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,IDIOTLORD,"transistor is the story of a woman struggling to put a usb sword into the right slot, there are four mighty slots in which you need to stick the usb thing into, but along the way there are obstacles to overcome. i believe they took design inspiriation from the youtube user experience because at every turn you are doing battle to accomplish a simple task. i found this game easy to relate to because i too have trouble sticking usb plugs into my laptop.please note that if you have a violent allergy to computer puns this game may be deadly."
76561198001744156,Recommended,237930,10321966,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Trey,"This game's best quality is its combat. You gain different types of attacks along the way, and each ability/attack can be used ether as a primary attack or as a booster for a different attack of your choosing. This is done by equiping the ability with any other ability, resulting in many different ways to go about dispatching foes.The story is what you would expect from those who made Bastion.I have ADD... this one keeps my attention."
,Recommended,237930,13841048,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Nasalab Auhsoj,Creepy sword that was in love with me would not stop talking to me10/10
,Recommended,237930,10223184,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Ring,"Super Giant Games? more like Super Giant Tears,Godamnit Red.It's no Bastion combat wise, but the story is equally as good."
,Recommended,237930,14864175,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,{{ DàVinci }},"Love the OST of the game, the story is well formed, and the graphic is pretty awesome"
,Recommended,237930,15860482,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Lady Veronica,"Incredible art, storytelling, and gameplay. An absolute masterpiece."
,Recommended,237930,14694473,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Chango Unchained,"Excellent game that boasts of a very innovative combat system, well-written story, and a superb soundtrack! What more could I ask for?"
,Recommended,237930,14713760,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,EGGOlomaniac,"This games sound track alone is worth it and the gameplay is frickin amazing. This game feels like a fast paced turn based rpg, with some combat in real time. It never feels slowed down though, the turn based sense just feels like you get a moment to think and plot out an orchestratred combination of moves and then watch it executed, the evade the enemies attacks in real time. Also, the story is told through little info points and narration of your progression, creating new load outs and combination skills and small cutscenes. The games pace never feels to slow down and bosses are fun and require different loadouts/strategies."
,Recommended,237930,14812558,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,VeryBadPing,"This game is *really* beautiful from a graphic/sound/music perspective. Regarding the storyline, I have to confess I was lost at the beginning of the game, but I got slowly grasp of it. I would have expected something crispier there. Looping the game from the beginning made me understand many more things of the storyline. Unfortunately, I was bored by the gameplay after a while and it got sometimes on my nerves. It's not at all a realtime gameplay, it's a tactical only gameplay: If you don't have a good ""spell"" setup, you will loose for sure, whatever are you tactical skills in a fight. Basically, you will be hit hard in ""turn recovery"": where ever you run, actually don't even try to run or hide, won't help you 99% of the time, evasion has to be done in tactical mode to have a chance to be effective, and those chances are very low, even with ""spells"" easying evasion.All that said, this is a really good experience. I would recommend to play it, it's worth each penny of it, but not in a casual way."
,Recommended,237930,14954374,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Jazzepi,"Great game with a bittersweet tinge. Feels a bit more linear than Bastion without the overworld exploration. The replay is pretty good too if you're interested in the ""next level"" of fights.My only complaint is that the charm modus is difficult to use. When it gets down to 1vs1 charming the enemy makes him immune to you, so you can't mix up your charm modus with your main attack. It almost by definition needs to be on your secondary move."
,Recommended,237930,14957500,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,sadyc,"Nice atmosphere, nice music. Nice gameplay.Could use a little bit more variation, especially towards the end and in the recursion."
76561198052983021,Recommended,237930,14997886,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,jvgocavs_2000,"Transistor is a different take on the action RPG set in an alternate reality with a heavy influence of computer programing.  The world which you explore is one giant programed city that is on the fritz and you play as Red, a singer who lost her speech and is rapidly losing her world.  As you try to fight against the forces at work you unlock many interesting abilities that are at their best when you are ""programing"" your turn.  These ""programing"" sessions allow you to plan out your moves ahead of time and then watch them be carried out to the dismay of your opponents.  It’s a fresh take on the action RPG formula, and with plenty of abilities to unlock, mix and match and power up it stays fresh till the end.The visuals are solid and the music appropriate.  I did not find either the Narrator or Story to be nearly as interesting or impactful as that of Bastion, the spiritual predecessor of Transistor.  I mostly played thru the game to enjoy the combat hoping for a meaningful end to the story to make it all worthwhile, but the ending did not satisfy.  Overall a refreshingly different take on action RPG combat is offset by the week story and characters, still a worthwhile play, but a critically overrated one."
,Recommended,237930,15024047,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Eddnamed,"Supergiant's done it again. Amazing game.Story: 4 stars - Sure you are dropped into a game with no intro. Nor tutorial. But you saw the trailer. Take it from there. You'll enjoy the rest.Narrator: 5 stars - Logan Cunningham. Nothing else to say, except he's your guide in this game, and this time, he goes alongside you, instead of telling a story, he's part of it.Gameplay: 4 stars - Turn-based Real-time hybrid. You have to try it out to understand. Innovative, except you only got one weapon, the Transistor that is. Not that it matters tho, you have a ton of different attacks, upgrades and combinations to play with. I can foresee future games taking this approach too.Art style: 5 stars - Just like Bastion, art is mesmerizing, yet different. Beautiful world-in-crisis design.Soundtrack: 5 stars - Music: Darren Korb. Vocals: Ashley Barret. Buying the OST is totally worth it. Music ingame really sets the mood, even during combat, and yet it's quite relaxing.Absolutely worthwhile. Worth the money, worth the time. Take a casual approach or go ham with it. Whatever you like."
,Recommended,237930,15052340,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,gtfotis,Beautiful game all around with the same style you've come to love from Supergiant Games. Definitely pick this game up if you can!
76561198037891977,Recommended,237930,15098700,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,robsonclark001,"Awesome music, voice acting (same great guy from Bastion), and combat system. Beautiful little game. That Humming."
,Recommended,237930,15519170,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,hahabst1025,"could be a little bit longer for playing, everything falling down a unexpect eventepic music be with you every battle, every momentsome event or object make user and talkative sword more lifeyou should be buy soundtrack when it on sale,worth of it"
76561198076509425,Recommended,237930,15879465,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Reguba (the enigmatic squirrel),What even is life?
,Recommended,237930,15895883,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,One Among Nothing,"Though ""perfect"" is subjective and ultimately unobtainable as a standard,Transistoris very close to reaching that standard.It is a game which, from the very beginning, provides just enough guidance without overwhelming with too much information. Controlling the game is simple and the unique mix of real-time action RPG and turn-based tactical RPG is very satisfying to master. The story is not told directly -- rather, it is presented over time by voice-over as you play, through subtle interactions between characters, and through clues in the world. No long-winded tutorials are necessary to get started, with a very simple introduction getting the player up and running in less than five minutes.There are some minor complaints I could raise, such as the lack of much exploration (the game is quite linear) or optional content (what optional missions are available are interesting but fairly simple). With the design being as solid as it is, however, I struggle to name how these weak points could be improved without weakening other points.Overall, I highly recommend this game. It's a perfect example of what can be done with design focused on the player's enjoyment, not on creating a spectacle. There are many options available for varying styles of play, there is easily-adjusted difficulty which should challenge even the most extreme of players, there is replay value with a very difficult New Game+ option, and most of all, the story is absolutely amazing.I could go on, but this is simply a game which must be experienced, not described."
,Recommended,237930,16280004,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Sanuck iGoFAST 🐝,"This may be one of my favorite games as of recent. If it goes on sale, I'd strongly recommend you buy it and engage in it's fascinating story and wonderfully challenging and clever mechanics."
,Recommended,237930,16544920,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,ZoraZ,"WARNING : This is not an action game, It's more like a strategy game.It's something like...10% action20% strategy20% artwork20% soundtrack30% humming...acutally, no, more like;50% hummingum, uh...maybe;99% humming...yeah, that sounds like it, 1% is the rest."
,Recommended,237930,16565212,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,tiny sushi,"This game is absolutely beautiful. Although I haven't had the chance to play Bastion, it's clear that the art director and artists from Supergiant games put a lot of hardwork and thoughtfulness into their character designs and game world. The music and soundtrack is also one of my favorite things about this game, with some of the songs mixing beautiful vocals and instruments with synth-techno that really added to the environment and even certain characters (I won't spoil who though).The combat style is definately odd, and if you're the type of person that prefers RTS games then you'll probably feel more at home than I was when I first started. Yes, it's a little hard to get used to, but at the same time the interesting variety and effects the game abilities have allow you to kind of ""mix and match"" your favorite ones to your keyboard/gamepad buttons, so in a way you're allowed to tailor your abilities to your playstyle. Eventually, after unlocking most of the abilities, I had gotten really used to the RTS style gameplay.Story-wise, this game is quite vague at times. There's more emphasis on trying to piece together what happened to the main character from the beginning and the little things like function files and dialogue between the main character and the sword can tell you a lot about what's happening. It's certainly quite linear and does try to make it open through the artwork and character dialogue/function files, but I get a sense that we've only got a small grasp on what this world's big picture is, which is somewhat disappointing considering how interesting the characters seemed to make it and how beautiful it's depicted.Unfortunately, this game is short. I was able to complete it within about 6 hours (and that says a lot considering how slow I am about completing games), and the boss battle at the end is.....underwhelming. It kind of just felt like I was fighting any other big tough brute monster from the game with a crapton of health tacked on.Nonetheless though, this is still an excellent game to play with interesting characters in a breathtaking science-fiction type world. I'd definately suggest it to anyone willing to try it."
,Recommended,237930,14444580,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Rem,"Great game for many hours of gameplay. Besides the mainstory theres also these instances where you get challenged and can relax, it has a great atmosphere and is simply beautifull."
,Recommended,237930,15224975,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Harvey Birdman,Very intersting game with great graphics! Transistor holds the balance between narrative and great gameplay. Worth to play.
76561198014843227,Recommended,237930,15398507,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,CY13ERPUNK,"quite literally a work of art, transistor is sublime in almost all waysit as a bit on the short side, i finished it under 12 hrs, i seem to recall bastion lasting a bit longer, just fyifinally while the combat is pretty nasty, i ended up feeling pretty OP with some combos, jaunt is really just too good, it makes most other functions seem trivial in comparisondi dont regret my purchase for a second, but i do wish the experience lasted a bit longer =]"
,Recommended,237930,15548496,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Sapphire,"It was raining when I decided it was time to write this review. Frigid drops fell against the window outside, no moon out this night. I knew what I was doing, and it wasn't hard to tell this was a great game. My cat purred away steadily on my lap while the clock ticked away the minutes against my wall. It was warm inside, away from the darkness of this cold, cold night.What was their left to say about this game, having played all the way though. These words had probably been said by a thousand other reviewers. My xbox controller still rested firmly in the grip of my hands, but it was time to start typing.A romance. High tech but still bound by the conventions of film noir. It had evoked memories in me of better times and places. By the end I felt sadness, but jubilent in my own success. Red wouldn't let me go that easy it seemed, there was a new game plus, a whole new set of challenges. Despite all the joy and tragedy that had just unfolded, our heroic heroine didn't want to stop just yet.Another time lady. I set my xbox controller aside, wiping away a tear. It was time to part with this game. Maybe I'll be back some day, I just don't know."
76561198064484479,Recommended,237930,15566603,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,PuffinMuffins,One of the most beautiful games i've ever played.
,Recommended,237930,15713226,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,ejrcavenago,"The game is very good!The combat system is interesting and grants you a lot of options and combat approaches, the story is strange and mysterious and you simply can't stop playing Transistor.The game world is amazing, well designed, colorful, and with plenty of little details that make the world alive!The only problem is its length. I've completed the game in less than 6 hours, well not at 100% but still the story mode is definitely too short."
76561198037048936,Recommended,237930,15740435,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Ariadust,♥♥♥♥ING GOOD!!!111!1!!!
,Recommended,237930,15862607,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Beeto,nice game and epic ost
,Recommended,237930,15933487,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Del Mingus,Another excellent game from the makers of Bastion. Transistor has a great and unusual story which is almost completely delivered by a talking sword (the Transistor of the title) via interactions with the main character Red (who has lost her voice).The combat is also enjoyable allowing you to pause time to plot your attacks and movement giving it a very tactical feel.Also just like Bastion the animation and music in this game is it's strongest point making it a beautiful piece of gaming art.The Good:-Great story thats brilliantly delivered-The combat in this game is interesting and feels fresh-Beautifully animated with a great soundtrack and excellent voice acting.The Bad:-A single playthrough is quite short but recursion mode (allowing you to replay it with your unlocked upgrades and more challenging enemies) gives you a reason to come back for more.- A greater variety of enemies would have been nice though this is sort of remedied with enemy types upgrading as you progress through the game.Overall this is a beautiful well made game that i'd highly recommend.
,Recommended,237930,16430629,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Esufer,IT GIVES ME THE BASTION FEELINGS OH GOOOOOOD
,Recommended,237930,14743614,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,TroublsoumTroll,Can I like reset my life so i can play this game again?
,Recommended,237930,14872490,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,50 And Texan,"Most intricate sword dating simulator to date. 10/10, would let it kill my computer and my dreams again."
,Recommended,237930,14877051,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Quibber123,"Transistor is a beautiful game. I laughed, I cried, I felt feelings I never knew were in me, and I had fun.The gameplay is a mix of real-time and strategy. How you asK? Well you entitled peice of work you there is a limit bar that you use up for slow-motion strategy which rebuilds over time. After you set your tactics out and press play you're thrown into real time and are not allowed* to use your abilities. This creates some very fun and tense sequences that feel rather fresh to the ARPG genre. Another cool feature is the customizability of your actions. Each ability can be placed as a passive buff, a secondary ability, or a main ability and every main ability can have up to 2 secondary abilities. You can really tailor the way you play with any abilities you choose.The music is top notch as was in Bastion. Don't worry if you feel compelled to throw your money at their soundtrack it's a natural feeling after playing any of their games.The story is perfect. Play it.Final verdict:Play it/Seriously play this game. If I could recommend it 5 times over I would."
76561198036733970,Recommended,237930,14970492,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Urist,"Games ARE art, and this is the game that proves it.Amazing storey, INCREDIBLE music and art so good I would legitimately hang screenshots of most areas on my wall.Buy it, play it, love it."
,Recommended,237930,15008644,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Spoopoklos,"For anyone who's played and liked Bastion:It's better than Bastion in every aspect; music, artstyle, story and with a way better combat system. Just buy it.For everyone else:Where do you start with this game? With a great soundtrack, a beautifull art style and a touching story, it surpases most ""artsy"" video games with its unique and interesting combat mechanics.You can either fight freely, using your up-to-4 abilities, or pause time, to plan a set of abilities and execute them in lightning fast speed. Then you have to wait for the pause ability to recharge, unable to execute most of your abilities.Additionaly, you might decide not to equip an ability, but to use it as an upgrade on another ability, or even a passive bonus for your character, opening up a massive ammount of possible loadouts to make and have fun with.Only complaint I have, is the difficulty, which was rather easy, BUT, the game provides you with what it calls ""limiters"", allowing you to make the game as hard as you want.Still, I found most of the limiters to be just an annoyance rather than making the enemies more challenging.But when it comes to recommending the game or not, my answer is simple, ""Buy it and buy it NOW, be it on sale or not. And get the soundtrack as well, if your pocket allows you to"".TL:DR BuyIt()"
,Recommended,237930,15015503,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Benstartri,"So I was stuck playing offline because of internet troubles and other hectic things, and remembering that I bought Transistor right before these incidents I decided to play it.It's become probably my most favorite game so far.I know this review is really late from the release of this game, but I don't give a damn honestly. People either like something or dislike something most of the time, and I really need to give the reasons for why I LOVE this game.Without further adeu...- The Story. Although not given much background on the situation at first, you piece together the story and watch as your surrounding slowly change because of the widespread ""virus"" known as the Calamity(I like to think of it as a virus more than anything), and I just love it. It makes you want to continue on with the story so that you know more.- The Protagonist. Red... I love her. I honestly do. She's got this way of saying something without needing to speak to me. And the Transistor is a high-tech sword. That talks. It's something that I found really cool.- The Music. It's some of the greatest music that i've heard from a game in a long time. It's some that I find really nice to listen to when you're giving the Calamity hell.I really recommend this to anyone that thinks this review was beneficial and helpful (Hah! helpful... just buy the damn game already)"
76561198076801642,Recommended,237930,16253753,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,F1R4K,Great game. Amazing music. 10/10
,Recommended,237930,14941336,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Trainman58,amazing game incredable story a must play the ending will leave you speachless and you should most deffanitly play it again once you do it the first time
,Recommended,237930,15009204,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Bear,"Another gorgeous, fun and thoughtful game. The game definitely feels like Bastion, with the story unfolding around you, but the new mechanics mean combat is less reactionary and more thoughtful, while remaining intense.The graphics and sound are coordinated beautifully, with Supergiant's signature narrative commentary and environmental touches. Like in Bastion, you pick from your powers, buffs, and challenges. However, the system is more flexible, allowing you to use any ability either as a primary power, a modifier for another power, or as a passive ability. This lets you experiment with power combinations and find a setup that's fun and effective. To prevent it from getting stale, the unlockable background information encourages (but doesn't force) you to keep mixing it up.While I do keep drawing comparisons to Bastion, this game very much stands for istelf as a distinctive, worthwhile experience."
,Recommended,237930,15033467,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Remy561 [NL],"9.6/10A wonderful work of art!!You are Red, at your show you were attacked by a terrist gang which want to change the world for good with their transistor. Their plan went wrong and now the world is being devoured by the process. You grab their transistor and work together with it to stop the process!+ Gorgeous artwork/graphics, Awesome setting, Great gameplay, Beautiful music, Good story, Very well made achievements-Well worth its money, I really recommend this game!! Especially great if you know a thing or two about computers and programming."
,Recommended,237930,14504113,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,satella,"An atmospheric game with an amazing soundtrack and captivating setting. The environments are beautifully designed and the music really ties it all together. I spent so much time just wandering around and screenshotting all the pretty areas.The combat is very fun too. There are many ways to play, from nuke builds to tankier builds, and you can change your attacks to suit your preferences. I found some battles pretty challenging, especially before I had unlocked all abilities and 32MEM. Also, there are Limiters you can turn on if you really want to challenge yourself, and they give bonus experience at the end of battle.Overall, Transistor is definitely worth its price tag. 10/10, must buy :)"
,Recommended,237930,15209302,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Ashstep,"It starts out really confusing, but the gameplay gets better over time and the final boss fight... that's the stuff.8/10"
,Recommended,237930,11001659,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,havo,You.goPlay(this);
76561198025148070,Recommended,237930,10213351,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,EclipsedHusky,"So I have been playing Transistor lately...just ya know ten hours for just the first play through.Have to say this game is gaming PERFECTION!!!Combat is a mix between real time and turn base. You can use any skill you have equipped whilst in real time, but you can also press a button to trigger TURN. Doing this STOPS time, allows you to set up a turn so to speak.While in TURN you have a bar, each action you do takes some of this bar away. Things like walking, buffs, debuffs etc etc.  Best part of this system was how free you are to play with TURNs. You can use up 99% of the bar and still use something that would take more than what of the bar is left. Making for some majorly epic TURNs.On top of combat you have a story driven so deeply I seriously teared up at some parts. The world and environment is such a beautiful mix. Imagine TRON, and SecondLife somewhat mixed together. The Users are still themselves, but whilst in this world they consist as a program. This leads to some very, very interesting scifi, and imagination when it comes to the actual world in its self.Narration is done so powerfully at times I was at a lost of what to even say to myself! The main character Red, actually loses her voice in the actions that lead to the start of the story, so the entire thing is all narrated by your weapon the Transistor. This does not mean you have a silent heroine though. Throughout the world you can use monitors, most of these ask you really simple things like what weather you like. Some of these allow Red to talk to the Transistor. So look out for these they add so much depth with so little dialog it...gah I just I feel I need NEW words just to describe how much I love this game.It was also made by the same people that made Bastion. So it includes a lot of the ideas that Bastion held. Things like game changers that make it harder, this allows the player to make the gamer harder or just keep it normal without ever asking ""easy, normal, or hard?"" Which I feel is a prefect way to add difficulty to a game since again it is all up to the player, on top of making the game feel like it has changed in more ways that just ""enemy does more damage on higher difficulty!""If you put these things that make the game harder you get more EXP from fights by a set %. Which is cool because the EXP is based on a percentage system. Unlike other RPGs this game just says you are 0% through 100% to a level up so you actually level up at a great pace.Leveling up is also a perfect thing in this game! Almost EVERY level up offers YOU the CHOICE of what YOU want. When you start off the lower stuff will be like getting a new skill which can bounce off baddies, or maybe you want the thing that allows you to turn a baddy into an ally for a bit? Up to YOU!Music is beautiful. I won't even try to go into this, will say this though. It has emotion! Also if you hold down one of the buttons Red will hum, offering you extra sounds to the song currently playing which pretty much doubles the songs in a way!After your first big boss, you get a place that lets you do challenges. Some are a bit puzzle based where you have to kill all the baddies in one TURN. Others pit you against enemies with a pre-set skill selection making you have to figure out the uses effectively to win! They don't add a TON to the game, but they do offer extra EXP! :DLast thing I will say, the game has difficulty. By no means did I win without a few deaths, but even in DEATH they made this game so perfect. Instead of dying and having to start all over from your last save spot, you actually LOSE one of your skills, get full health back, and get to keep fighting. You then can get the skills back by going to a save spot. BEWARE I never allowed myself to lose a skill...I always retried, which in my opinion was more fun. Mainly due to the fact when I did retry I got to go back into the fight with a whole new set up and try new things!"
,Recommended,237930,25024285,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Mayo The Condiment,"Nice game, fun combat, interesting story.  5 Hours.  B"
,Recommended,237930,32680064,Posted: 23 June,all,norf this,amazing graphics amazing art amazing soundtrack amazing storyif u havent played what r u doing with ur life u idiot
,Recommended,237930,17392081,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Mono in D,"Transistor perfectly executes everything it wants to be; story, music, and visuals all intertwine into a peerless web. The narrative alone is alluring, and beautiful displays of neon lights plus a fantastic soundtrack bring it all to life.Abilities are all highly customizable and synergetic with eachother, complimenting the power to freeze time during combat and strategize a series of actions which play out accordingly.+Beautiful Aesthetics+Engaging Story-...No real negatives!"
76561198310200278,Recommended,237930,26527865,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Geep Roters,"real talk hereThis game is an absolute MASTERPIECE.This game boasts both beautiful and unique visuals, a superbly executed storyline, and is undoubtedly within my top three OST.This is one of the few games I have played through in just one sitting.This is one of those games that stick with you for a long time, and for me, there exist only fond memories of this game, and I often revisit the soundtrack. It's just that good.Finally, this game is EASILY worth &22.99, so my honest advice is, save up if you have to AND JUST BUY THIS BRILLIANT GAME, EXPERIENCE IT, AND REJOICE!"
,Recommended,237930,14382741,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,› Bubbly,favorite game of all time
76561198041468713,Recommended,237930,10591951,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,:),Game is good
76561198087940957,Recommended,237930,13246650,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Beowulf,"Everyone on Steam needs to own this game, nuff said"
,Recommended,237930,10343065,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,q u i c k m a t h s * vhs7.tv,This is a game youneedto play
,Recommended,237930,28547317,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,ambiesquerdo,Top!
,Recommended,237930,32876867,Posted: 27 June,all,мя.Çεεz™,"Beautiful art, good soundtrack, fun gameplay."
76561198052837452,Recommended,237930,20002125,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Idox,"This Game is fantastic, if you loved bastion then youll love this even more, its so well made and detailed, plus many concepts from bastion carry over. Dont even get me started on the fantastic music. 10/10 Get this game"
76561198139801305,Not Recommended,237930,34379106,Posted: 20 August,all,ferherrerah,"i don't like this ame because:. The story didn't really pick my interest. The characters don't have charisma, and the sword is irritating, (a hedious version of the narrator in bastion). The combat is different from any other system I have ever played, but just a good combat can't save a game. The art is also good, but not that good.All of this from my point of view. I liked a lot Bastion but, I didn't like this one. I must be weirdo because everyone likes it."
,Recommended,237930,27226680,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Do An Aileron Roll,"Man, words cannot describe how amazing this game is. The story, the soundtrack, everything about it is just wonderful. If you haven't picked up this game yet, please do it now, it is just beautiful."
,Recommended,237930,26570619,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Purrmaid,"There are a lot of flaws to this game, difficulty being one of them: There's a save before and after every single monster-encounter. And even if you die, you'd need to die four times at the same battle to have to actually load. The story is short and not as deep.So why am I recommending it?Because it is breathtakingly beautiful. It's a story about love and revenge, and saving the world. It has an ending I really didn't see coming and albeit I said the story wasn't deep, it spoke to me. Throughout the entire story, the voice, the story it told, it was heartbreaking. And slowly, piece by piece, it told a story that touched me.So it isn't long. It isn't deep. If I were to compare it to litterature; I'd call it a short story and not a roman. But if you're a reader, you probably know that short stories often have the most to say, and often have the goal of making the reader think and reflect upon something.10/10"
,Recommended,237930,10183659,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Alix,"This is one of the best games I've played in a very long time. Supergiant Games does it again with this. I sat and played it for six hours from start to finish and at no point did it get dull or repetative. A lot of story, a lot of small things to go back and do once it's all over. Recommend this to anyone who's a fan of good ARPGs or just good stories in general. Great experience."
76561198069722549,Recommended,237930,10183248,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,your standard nerd,"I got this game and played it flat out untill i fell a sleep at my desk, if you do not try this game then you are mad"
,Recommended,237930,10183769,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Ariamaki,"Supergiant has not let us down with this new game. Logan Cunningham's voicework is impeccable, the music is even better, the gameplay is FAR deeper, more complex, and even more fun... And the game has a ""Hum"" button. You can literally just stop everything and hum along to the BGM as a spotlight shines down from nowhere. If that doesn't sell the uncertain, the uncertain need to re-evaluate their priorities in life.In summary: Absolute must-buy."
,Recommended,237930,34109131,Posted: 8 August,all,Yung Venuz,"Good gameplay, good OST, great artwork."
,Recommended,237930,12536132,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Brevven,"Everything about this game is just perfect. It's one of those games where you just block out the world around you and let the game affect you. Get a few hours alone, turn down the lights, and just play.Oh yeah, give yourself the chance to finish the game. The story is worth it."
76561197995888735,Recommended,237930,12569598,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,RMac,"What a wonderful experience. Don't get fooled by the length of this game, it has WAY more to offer than you'd think. Definitely a 5/5."
,Recommended,237930,10237720,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Top Nep,I've never felt so loved by a sword.
,Recommended,237930,31142973,Posted: 14 April,all,hold your colour,"PROSFun, strategic and original gameplayGreat atmosphereGreat soundtrack and scoreDoesn't overstay its welcomeEngaging story and storytellingVery good art throughoutReplayabilityCONSMidly frustrating at timesSomewhat controversial ending4 hours longOVERALLTransistor is a game depicting a future dystopia through the main protagonist's eyes. You play as Red, a singer in the city of Cloudbank whose life was targeted by the Camerata, a collective that wants to bring change to Cloudbank. The game has some of the most fun and original gameplay I have seen in an indie game. It successfully manages to pull off a dystopia story without falling for the usual tropes whilst maintaining a captivating atmosphere. The game is not long but to its credit it fills its few hours with meaning making the overall experience feel wholesome and fulfilling. Some enemies at the latter stages have some quirky attacks that make you feel cheated but other than that and the unfulfilling ending I would wholeheartedly suggest you buy this game and try it for yourself."
,Recommended,237930,13816197,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Augustus,"Just perfect. I enjoyed every minute of this game. Lets see:Music : 10/10Story : 10/10Main Character: 10/10Side Kick : 10/10Art : 10/10You should play this gem. I didn't think i would like this game this much but man was i wrong. Hats off to the developers and producers. Lastly.... ""Hello World()"""
,Recommended,237930,33612341,Posted: 17 July,all,BlueAura,"The gameplay takes a little bit getting used to if you're like me who was new to isometric strategy games when I played this but the art direction, narrative, and music engrossed me enough to learn how to play.  Lots of customization opportunites and the game allows you to use the ""TURN()"" function to plan your attacks in a turn-based format.  There's a lot to enjoy here, however the game was only 13.5 hrs long after completing each achievement.   Due to this, I recommend you pick it up on sale instead of full price."
76561198049349578,Recommended,237930,15877203,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Borrell_IV,"Supergiant Games left the stakes really high after his first game, Bastion. It had an amazing combat system, lovely art style, and a compelling story.Transistor is something that is rarely seen these days, an experiment of sorts, with a challenging combat, beautiful artstyle, and a story that strains to be compelling, but slows the experience in some occasions. We take the role of Red, a red-headed singer who, after a concert, finds her friend stabbed by a huge sword in a back alley. After this event, Red loses her voice, takes the sword and seeks retribution while the city she lives in experiments some supernatural phenomena. Since our protagonist is mute, it is up to the soul of her friend, now living in the sword Transistor, to narrate  the story. My analysis will cover the major points of the game, with some plot spoilers in the end.The first thing that glimpses the eye in Transistor is the amazing art style. From the dress Red is wearing to the architecture, the menus and the HUD, everything looks gorgeous. It's important to remark this because the ambient makes a great games memorable. Every enemy is distinguishable and attractive, and it goes the same for every ability Red acquires. There's no question here, if it was for its art, Transistor would be a 10/10.The combat is the most surprising thing, and maybe one of the biggest obstacles if you are a close-minded player. In Transistor every ability has three ""status"". Active, which means that it can be used in combat; modifier, which alters or improves abilities; and passive, which gives the character some utility in combat. This abilities are selected in a MOBA sort of HUD, assigned to the buttons 1,2,3,4. At the beginning there's only the possibility to have active abilities, but through the game you can unlock slots to have modifiers and passives. In this slots we can combine the different abilities Red acquires when leveling up or through some events, and it's the meat of the game. Combining two or more abilities has different outcomes, and thus the combat becomes fully customizable.In combat, you can freely use these abilities or activate the ()turn option, which stops time and allows the player to plan different moves and combine abilities to eliminate the enemies. But be wary! If Red dies, she will temporarily lose one of the abilities, which sometimes can mean a death sentence. The game estimulates the player to experiment with the abilities by unlockable lore, which tells more about the story of the city and its inhabitants. It worked for me, sometimes finding myself using wacky combinations just to unlock everything, but I ended up with a set of favourite abilities.SPOILER ALERTThe plot is maybe the toughest part of the game, and I mean it. I had to stop playing because Transistor wouldn't stop talking, and eventually I got bored of listening. Even if the story between Red and Transistor is very interesting, and the trials and background is compelling, I felt that there was a depressing tune to it. I felt bad that, for once that we have an interesting female protagonist, she only hums. And that's the only downturn to the game. The interesting set of side characters only appear eventually, and I would have loved to know more about them, because the universe is very well constructed, but I can only catch a glimpse of what they could have been."
76561197994235070,Recommended,237930,12731954,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,That Guy,my sword is drunk.
,Recommended,237930,33266191,Posted: 5 July,all,PάиDá_𐌀ddїctёD,">Art style is amazing, which is the reason I bought this game.>Cut scene is beautiful>Soundtrack is awesome, love it soooo much.>Story is pretty good, but not that awesome i guess.>Combat mechanics is so cool, require lots of thinking and not just spamming skills.>The sword is awesome :3You can sit back and enjoy the game, it just too beautiful too look at.9.5/10"
,Recommended,237930,14734861,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,nekov4ego,The most impressive title of 2014.
,Recommended,237930,16520072,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Boss,An actual work of art in every department. Story might be a bit cliche but has its twists. You owe it to yourself to play it.Buy the soundtrack too.
,Recommended,237930,20314342,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,🗾,the sword talks to you aaaaaaaaaaaaa.
,Recommended,237930,13584104,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,gab,"+ Graphics are absolutely beautiful and stunning+ Excellent soundtrack+ Voice acting is good+ Storyline is unique, interesting, has depth and it is great+ Action-based fighting combined with ""freeze time"" combat is beautifully done+ Good rep valueOverall, a great game where all aspects come together really well. Really no bad points about this game for me. One of my favourite games and would definitely recommend it (:"
,Recommended,237930,10210782,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Keebz,"**This review was written after completing the entire story. I have also played through Bastion, their previous game, multiple times and it's one of my favorite games.**Let me first say this: The reason to play Transistor is mostly for the art, sound design, and emotion. If you don't care about those things and just want to blow stuff up, then this may not be what you're looking for. The gameplay at first confused me, but as I understood how to handle things it also became fun for me. If you are expecting the fast-paced hack/slash style gameplay from Bastion, you won't really find that here. The combat relies more on planning out moves, although it is also possible to fight realtime. The thing that impressed me most about the combat system is the amount of combinations you can make by combining different ""functions."" It's really quite impressive.The story seems very vague at first, and you may think that there is really nothing significant going on, but that changes. Like Bastion, it throws you into the middle of the story without giving you any explanations of what has gone on up to that point. But by the end of the game, assuming you were paying attention, you actually are able to piece together what has been going on the whole time and it adds a lot to the emotion of the overall game.I'm glad I stuck with it without judging it wrongly. What started out as a seemingly underwhelming story tugged at my emotions in the end and made me eager to begin it again to unlock the achievements and other functions. Is it as memorable as Bastion? I don't think anything they make will seem better to me than Bastion. But this was far from a disappointment. Thanks for your hard work, Supergiant Games!8.5/10+Great art and sound design+Fun gameplay and move combos-Characters are not as memorable as Bastion's"
76561197989286290,Recommended,237930,20099568,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,TinFoil,"The game itself is fun - it's in the same vein (and in probably the same game engine) as Bastion with some different mechanics to set itself apart as a nice 2.5D action RPG. Replay value in perfecting encounters is a blast, and New Game+ offers just about the same amount of fun as you expect.However, you may feel strongly about the one and only ending to the game. I don't recommend reading about it beforehand. If you do finish Transistor, I recommend reading Mike Lemmer's blog post on GiantBomb about the ending. I agree pretty closely with what he has to say about it.Game's good, but the ending may make you flip out. You should still play it regardless."
,Recommended,237930,29682540,Posted: 3 February,all,I F U C K E D U P B I G T I M E,My new favorite game
76561197994369287,Recommended,237930,10199320,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Faust,Just finished this game. I am totaly satisfyed. Every aspect of this game have exeeded my expectations. Especialy loved the ending of this game. Ohers must learn from creators of Transistor - how to make the ending right.
,Recommended,237930,16559349,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Candeles,"The art is beautiful. The music is beautiful. The story (while currently kind of confusing; let's be real, I'm not done with the game yet) is beautiful. The gameplay is new to me and is really interesting and gives you a sense of accomplishment when you pick a good set of abilities.10/10 have been furiously recommending to friends.Update:I came back to this game with the express intent of finishing it. I loved it; the environment, the music, the gameplay; it all comes together so beautifully. Why didn't I finish it all at once, though? For one, distractions by multiplayer games, but also because after every session of play, I felt satisfied. I played as long as I liked, and set it down. I wasn't upset about difficulty, or burnt out from fighting, I was just done. I like that in a game. My original review still stands."
,Not Recommended,237930,34081508,Posted: 7 August,all,sandmannn,"Sad to give a bad review but I think that is gameplay what this game lack of.You'll surely admire his soundtrack and his graphic style, artwork and things like this. But I think the game is not funny. I mean, I think it's too linear and too repetitive"
76561198075107937,Not Recommended,237930,34086765,Posted: 7 August,all,The young Wolf,"The illustrations  are gorgeous, and the music is good, but the game is just not that fun to play."
,Recommended,237930,10201308,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,nezkip rueisnoM,"Holy crap the feelsAmazing art direction,  nice gameplay with lots of variations and combos, amazing music."
,Recommended,237930,26353353,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,SamAmano,great game. i have money give me more
,Recommended,237930,26255322,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,ahardgamesnight,"Wow. That ending. It's like I got stabbed in the heart. I was NOT expecting that at all. This game really messed with my head for a good two days because the ending left me so conflicted. Never have I felt so happy and sad for a video game character at the same time. Wow.....just........snap, that was such a good game.As for a REVIEW, I was really impressed by Transistor's mechanics, story, art (!!!) and music (!!!). Especially the last three. When I play a single-player game, I want a game that will give me a great, well-thought-out tale that keeps me interested through the whole experience. There was just enough details in this game to keep me running around with my killer thumb drive that had the souls of my enemies (and random strangers) installed into it, yet enough ambiguity to keep me curious.I love the simple RPG-like mechanics of being able to update the Transistor with the digital souls of my enemies, and even make the game intentionally harder for more XP. The ability to pause time and pull a 2250 version of Sherlock's ""mind planning"" thing was also awesome, and I found the creative side of me piqued as I installed bloatware into the processes that dared to subscribe me to a service I had no interest in. Chucking processes into the recycle bin of a USB has never been so fun!Oh my goodness, and the aesthetics, both visually and aurally; that just blew me away. Usually when I screenshot a game, it's because I'm like, ""Hey, I did a thing!"" and think that someday a human being will come into my life that will actually care about the image I captured. Not this game. No, I found myself taking plenty of screenshots because they would make great wallpapers for my computer. It's just so gorgeous, and the speakeasy techno-jazz music unexpectedly just adds to the mood like no other. Maybe it's because of this game I like ""Say U Wont"" by Brasstracks so much, because Darren Korb proved to me that Jazz and Electronic can get married and all sorts of wonderful kids running around the house like ""Old Friends"", ""Stained Glass"" and ""Coasting"". They're nowhere near as redneck as their cousins from the Bastion, such as ""A Proper Story"" or ""In Case of Trouble"", but they are still part of the same family where good ol' Darren somehow finds a way to make Electronic work with pretty much any music style.So yeah, if you like going hog-wild on freaky, white programs with a massive thumb-drive that just so happens to have your boyfriend's soul in its motherboard to the sound of surprisingly satisfying electro-jazz, then this is your game."
,Recommended,237930,34623281,Posted: 30 August,all,DrunkenEngineer,"I mean, it's a Supergiant game, what more do you really need to know?In all seriousness, Transistor is a worthy follow up to Bastion.  If you liked the former you owe it to yourself to play this one  The quasi-turn based mechanics are suprisingly deep and robust, taking me most of my first playthrough to really get it, and making me eager for a NG+ (called ""Recursion"") to further plumb its depths.That first paragraph reads like a bunch of pretentious malarkey, which is sort of like what Transistor thinks of itself.  It's certainly pompous in the way the storyline unfolds out of order, pretty much requiring multiple playthroughs to really understand what's going on.Not like any of this is a bad thing.  Buy if you are hipster af like me."
76561198023083925,Recommended,237930,35170026,Posted: 23 September,all,Negev Main,"Just an extraordinary game. The visuals, core gameplay, and overall plot is layed out perfectly. If you have the money, please buy this game and support the developers, it is definately worth your time."
,Recommended,237930,34616535,Posted: 30 August,all,ebastler,"I had never heard of this game until it was for sale. Curious for the title I opened the store page and the visuals instantly caught my attention. After checking out the overwhelmingly positive reviews I purchased the game and started playing. I think I played it through in 2 days, getting few sleep and forgetting everything (including food) while playing (I played quite a bit in offline mode, so my 6h are not accurate I think).The artstyle is amazing, the music is perfect and the gameplay is refreshingly new compared to most other games I had seen so far. After hours it starts getting repetitive, but you can always completely change your ""loadout"" and playing style, making it almost a new game.Apart from visuals, music and the story that won't let you pause, the game makes you curious. Curious to try out new playing styles, curious to find better strategies to defeat bosses, curious to find out every detail of every sidecharacter, every map, every background information you can get to better understand the story and the characters.This game is truly amazing and I recommend it to anyone!"
,Recommended,237930,35114392,Posted: 21 September,all,konnichiwabri,"*breathes in* THIS GAME IS A MASTERPIECEI am admittedly very bad at these kind of games, but even when I was focusing on how not to die, the beauty and uniqueness of this game hit me every second of playing it. I am so freaking amazed at how great the story is, how breath-taking the artwork and animation are, and don't even get me started about the music that is out of this world.It is definitely worth the buy, you will not be disappointed!+++SPOILERS AHEAD+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++Honestly, when I first started the game, I was confused and getting a major butt-kicking since they sort of just throw you into it wthout much explanation of fighintg strategy for the game. I was also hella confused about Turn() and functions, but I kind of like the way they did that because it made me more curious on figuring out how to use them. Also, those beach rooms where you can practice are a GOD-SEND, and the only reason I didn't die hundreds of times was because of the practice that they gave me.I also LOVE how each function includes profiles of different people that you can unlock by using a function in its three different modes; this is so important to me, because usually I'm so basic and only stick to a same routine. However, this really pushed me to try different combos to unlock more info, because this b*tch is curious as hell. Also, the fact that you would lose functions in battle, versus dying and having to restart, when your health bar got depleted was really cool and challenging, making the game even more enjoyable.The ending was very bittersweet, but holy hell, that was one heavy ending, I definitely wasn't expecting all of the feels. I CRAVE for more information about the characters, but maybe that's just because I fall in love with fictional characters too easily. I'm playing the game a second time now, to complete every profile and to really take the time to appreciate the game. I love the world of this game and the well-rounded characters so much, I'll be obsessing over this game for a while."
76561197985536136,Recommended,237930,26885087,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Typhus,"“I'm Not Crying, There's Something In My Eye”"
,Recommended,237930,24388114,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,QueenoftheDead,"This game is amazing.. Stunning graphics, the voice-overs are amazing, I felt myself falling in love with the main narrator's voice, it's so magnetic. And the soundtrack is something I would totally listen to with some wine."
,Recommended,237930,24389668,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Sean Saru,"Story is a bit confusing at first, but the spell system , combat system, and the music is amazing. There is a bit of humor in the game too and the art style is beautiful."
,Recommended,237930,24388185,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Xen.,Masterpiece.
,Recommended,237930,11188508,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Chiots,Probably the best game I have ever played
76561198048361232,Recommended,237930,10181236,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Concatto,"Absolute masterpiece. Great art, great soundtrack, great gameplay.Supergiant Games surpassed themselves once again."
,Recommended,237930,12452749,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Hey Red,"Just buy this game.Just do it.Please.I've bought this game thirteen times, and only twice for myself."
,Recommended,237930,10204368,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,henwo?,"One of the best, most thoughtfully made games of 2014. The art, music, sound design, voice acting, and gameplay are all absolutely superb."
76561198061750921,Recommended,237930,32848748,Posted: 27 June,all,DeadMan_Playing,"The Narrator. My God this guy is annoying. What a whiny, clingy, depressing little dude ...If there was an option to shut him off, like in Bastion, i would recommend this game 100%. It's really good. But i'm sorry. This guy ruins it.Imagine Darkest Dungeon, if the Ancestor going like this : (imagine the voice of a twilight Vampire on Prozac) ""Look at this statue. It's broken. The monster have broken everything. It used to be pretty and lively and full of smiles. Now it's not. I love you and i'm sad and i don't have a body anymore don't leave alone you're pretty and you sing so well and now they ruined everything and onoes they even took your voice :sadface: :sadface:""Yea. it's that bad. I don't care what people say, this Narrator is a waste of space.The rest is ok ! Battles are fun and engaging, the mix of real time and turns works, and the combinations of power to use is smartly designed. There's a set of limiters instead of difficulty setting. They make the game harder in various ways while rewarding you with more XP. I like that.(Kinda like the system of curses in Victor Vran or the Torch in Darkest Dungeon, or the campaign modifiers in Forced Showdown. It's a smart way to deal with game difficulty, and i find way more interresting that a simple easy/normal/hard setting.)I'm not convinced by the story though. It's very ... foggy. You don't really understand much of what's going on ... are they People, programs ? Something is censoring the press, people can be turn to ghost and then used as function for the weapon, so they're probably programs (would explain why everybody is beautiful) ... but they act as people ... and the city's disappearing ... soooo ... conspiracy i guess ?Well, all that jazz ... is very hip. Not really bad, but hip. But in 2014, everybody wanted to be hip. So i won't give the game too much♥♥♥♥♥♥for it.I like it, i guess ? Only For the combat really."
76561198016585567,Not Recommended,237930,23394218,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Mythbrother,Pretty art. Boring and repetitive gameplay mechanics.
76561198062005961,Recommended,237930,35280776,Posted: 28 September,all,Hrist,"Get this masterpiece right now when it's on sale.You won't regret itThe only downside of this game that it's a bit short, we all want it to last longer"
,Recommended,237930,19284346,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Tillburg,"+ Incredible soundtrack. A must own.+ Gorgeous visuals+ Combat is pretty fun. Can get blindsided easily and it's not the hardest game, but it's enjoyable.+ Great protagonist. Everything from the design to her backstory.~ Overall story is meh.I enjoyed it so much I ended up 100% it. I rarely do that."
,Not Recommended,237930,15331934,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,imh,Repetitive and just kinda boring :(
,Not Recommended,237930,13927362,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,ARKFLASH,"Sadly this game is not as good as Bastion. Fighting feels janky and the game is oddly confusing, which includes the organization and selection process for your attacks. They could have made it so much cleaner and clearer."
,Not Recommended,237930,16766665,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,"Strix ""Lasse""","As a guy who's a huge fan of Bastion and had high hopes for transistor. I'm afraid to say I'm disappointed.Lets get the good things out of the way.The art style is amazing and so is the soundtrack. If you're gonna get this game I'll suggest getting the soundtrack with it.But that's also the only good things i can say about this game.-After almost 4 hours of playing, i still don't quite know what the story is about and what my actual purpose is.-The combat is very boring and feels repetitive.-Everytime you ""die"" you lose one of your attacks, you then have to replace with a new one that changes the way you have to approach a fight.  Which becomes very annoying very quickly- No 4k resolution option. As a guy with a 4k monitor.. Come on..I was a big fan of bastion, but in the end transistor fails to deliver. Atleast for me"
76561197991079728,Not Recommended,237930,15504488,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,timko,"The game felt like a chore to play.Combat alternated between queueing up attacks while paused and running away because you can't even use (most) non-queued attacks while that cools down.I'm all for a bit of mystery, but the game takes way too long to explain anything about what's going on and why I should care."
76561197990222797,Not Recommended,237930,13833201,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,benzidrine,"In many ways I felt the surreal nature of the setting was cover for undeveloped characters and a fairly hollow world.I felt like I was just beginning to get attached to the game when it finished. Bastion felt like a complete experience, this felt like eating half a burger and still being hungry. It just wasn't satisfying for me. Overall it did a good job but it feels more like it should have been a demo for a longer game."
76561198012150601,Not Recommended,237930,15244905,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Podrinho,It's a well builded game but tedious. Not very dinamic and doesn't make you have to really think to go through
76561197988509871,Not Recommended,237930,15435377,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,poomanchu,"Great visuals, but the game is too linear and I found the combat pretty boring."
,Recommended,237930,28644184,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,DigitalConqueror,"Wow! Never played anything like it. Just over 90 minutes into the game, and I am already in love with so many things, but of course mostly with Red.Knew Bastion Devs can nail this one, so bought in the winter sale this weekend. Guess I ll spend all my holiday playing Transistor."
,Recommended,237930,22233954,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,"Sort Yourself Out, Bucko","The most disappointing thing about this game were all the missed opportunities for some noir jazz. Other than the narrator, everything here is superior to Bastion: combat has more customization, story presentation is more original, artwork has way more pretty colors at its disposal, and redhead protag."
,Recommended,237930,24760238,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,"Sion ""Raz"" Robert","Previous contentWHAT A PERFECT GAMEUpdated:The story haunts you and the voice guides you.I think the story of this game is way better than bethes...sorry, bastion. I didn't finish that game though. Can't have much interest of indie games after this one."
,Not Recommended,237930,17017075,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,14123,"Let’s start with the story. Much like in Bastion, exposition is the name of the game. You play as a silent protagonist in an empty, broken and breaking world, trying to figure out what caused all this via narration, various news terminals scattered across the city of Cloudbank, and the function details. Much like in Bastion, of the defining features is the unique narration element, with the dude trapped inside the transistor sword-thing that you carry around compensating for the protagonist's silence. Unfortunately, unlike Bastion, the narrator is boring as♥♥♥♥♥♥ and the exposition feels half-baked at best. None of Cloudbank seems captivating or remotely interesting and even if it is, you'll never be hearing it from sword guy, as most of their cheesy lines alternate between professing his love for Red for the umpteenth time, and his hatred and distraught towards the process, the Camarada, and the destruction of Cloudbank. Unlike Rucks (the narrator in Bastion), sword dude never fleshes out the world in any meaningful manner, just namedrop after namedrop of locations that never tie into the story. The most fleshing out that any location ever got in Transistor was the pizza place, with a grand total of two mentions on separate occasions, now I know that they sell flatbread. Woo. Nevertheless, while you may disagree with my saying that the narrator's lines are boring, I'll provide an objective critique: the narration is less reactive than Bastion's, and not reactive enough to be engaging.Three-fourths into the story, you enter a room filled with enemies mulling about, upon attacking one, they all swarm you and sword dude suggests you make a quick escape. I had other plans in mind, and proceeded to wipe out all of the enemies, hoping for an interesting remark, and what happened when I cleared out all of the enemies? Nada. Zilch. Sword dude was busy thinking about the flatbread. To make matters worse, sword dude then says 'See ya, ladies' as I walk out. THERE ARE NO LADIES; I KILLED THEM ALL. This lack of reactive narration is prevalent throughout the entire experience. One of my favorited aspects of Bastion was the abundance of lines in the game and all of the minor details that the narrator would comment on, as though they were actually a real person, narrating my game in real time. In Transistor, I felt as though sword dude was just reading out generic exclamations from a script. 'Whoa, here we go, let's do this, look at that, that was rough,' seriously? Are we sure you aren't the new announcer for Forza?I think that this all stems from the fact that Cloudbank isn't an interesting setting in the first place and is both visually and thematically homogenous. The art-style, although very polished, in no way exotic, striking or unique. None of the areas were memorable, and this feeling of 'sameness' was only strengthened by the lack of any sort of world map that was present in Bastion. I have no idea how far away Fairview is from Highrise, because I can't travel there directly due to the game's linearity; I don't know how large the areas are, because I can't explore them completely them as individual areas, the areasfeelvery small,l because you spend less than half an hour walking through each one, and honestly, they all look the same. Even the isometric perspective that worked very well for Bastion feels cluttered in Transistor, full of very abstract buildings and objects that make for a rather jumbled landscape that all add to the unpleasant labyrinthine quality almost all of the areas have.  Cloudbank lacks culture of any kind, and where I was fascinated by both the Ura and the Caelondian in Bastion, all of their traditions, their way of life, their attitudes, none of the banal information given to you about Cloudbank is connected to anything else, it's just 'this is a pizza place, this a pool, this a storage facility.' Not once did the town ever feel magical, or sci-fi-esque, it was just a bland setting and a bustling town sans the bustle.The story itself is rather terrible. For starter's it's much less interesting and engaging than Bastion's, due to the fact that you spend 90% of the game clueless as to what's going on, and are then bombarded with information in the last twenty or so minutes of the game. Even then, the story is extremely convoluted and poorly put together, there are numerous glaring holes in the story and many things go either unexplained and are really poorly strung together. Bastion had several minute details that were left up to the fans to decide, but notintegral parts of the storyline, how did the Process originally begin? Who was it created by? Who created the Transistor? Some moments feel like a very far stretch, including the fact that a one-in-a-million chance Transistor corruption caused Red's voice to be stolen. Seriously? Although sword dude never stops reminding you that the Camarata took your voice, the game never really explains how, as though embarrassed by its half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥attempt at justification for Red's silence. Bastion did this much better by just never bringing it up and the narrator speaking for Zia and Zulf via indirect dialogue. For all we know, the Kid may well be able to speak, he just doesn't want to, but in Transistor, sword dude just wouldn't shut up about Red shutting up. Only after reading through the Steam Story Guide did I gainsomeunderstanding of the story. Writers, if your readers need a strategy guide to understand your narrative, you’ve done something wrong.Combat alternates between the enemies being frozen still and providing no challenge at all as you wail on them, and the inverse, where you helplessly walk around the combat zone with no shield, dodge, or retaliation method waiting for your 'freeze time' button to recharge. Two words: not fun.Transistor's combat system isn't sure as to whether it wants to be action-y or strategy turned-based-y. It fails to do both and ends up being repetitive and frustrating. The only challenge/threat during combat is trying not to die while you helplessly walk around the map and wait for your time-freeze to recharge. Trying to use the abilities in real-time is frustrating due to the long animations, the inability to chain attacks into combos, and the clunky aiming, essentially forcing you into usage of Turn().Then there are the bugs. Despite the fact that I finished this game almost a year after its initial release, there are STILL numerous visual glitches with the Turn() system that can force you to restart and combat encounter if you've got all the limiters turned on. Even without the glitches, I found that the Turn() tell-tales were often entirely wrong and generally useless. Attacks would be blocked when they were supposed to hit, or hit when they were supposedly blocked, trajectories on the haircuts and Load() mines were always off, seeing how much damage an AOE ability would do to every unit affected isn't possible and trying to effectively calculate damage to enemies with any chaining / splitting abilities was far beyond the Transistor's capabilities.TL;DR:This whole game just feels like a big step backwards for Supergiant Games. So many things they did well in Bastion they kept, but made worse in Transistor, and all of the 'innovations' feel half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ I could forgive the terrible story if the mechanics were solid, and I could forgive the terrible mechanics if the story was interesting, but unfortunately, both are poor. The worst part is that the game has so much squandered potential, there could have been puzzles, there could have been more challenges, the skills could have been more interesting but none of this was realised and we're left with a disappointing and boring game.3/10.*You can enable these skills later on, but they're not very effective and cost memory that could better spent on increasing your offensive capabilities),"
76561198094947568,Recommended,237930,32227014,Posted: 6 June,all,Zealous,"Woe wow woah wow damn what a game, im a lesbian for Red!!"
76561198069610995,Recommended,237930,32011471,Posted: 27 May,all,Funky Dealer,this game taught me to respect women
,Not Recommended,237930,34170529,Posted: 11 August,all,Tjordas,"Artworks are great and the music is perfect. But still, the Level design itself looks like a mobile game and is not my cup of tea. Animations aren't great either. The gameplay, as many others say, is basically planning 4-5 attacks and steps in a paused combat planner and then walking in circles until the cooldown is over. The fact that your weapon is talking all the time but only in very short statements nobody responds to is absolutely annoying to me. The ""story"" seems to consist of a bunch of biographie files of characters I haven't seen yet or I don't care about. The game totally fails in combining story and gameplay into one unit, which is what games should do. First you fight things and don't understand why and then you read things that don't explain anything. It could hardly be an worse.I might be missing the better parts of the game, if there are any, but if the game cannot remotely convince me in the first 2 hours, I see no reason to waste more time on it. For me it's just a nice looking experiment, but absolutely boring."
,Not Recommended,237930,33916634,Posted: 30 July,all,[LISA] Terry Hintz,"Despite the amazing visuals and sound, it's just incredibly boring."
76561197998407816,Not Recommended,237930,28728087,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,ewan,"The story is intentionally vague and forces you to pick it up through items picked up and trawling through menus. Some games take this approach and do it really well. I didn't care for it here. I mean, I really like the 'main character isn't in the story' approach of some stories like murder mysteries of Gone Home, but here the main characters were there talking and just being vague on purpose.In battles, the range of enemies is extremely small. Which is kinda weird since the options for dispatching them is so high since you can use a weapon socket system to build cool attacks. But once you've minimaxed your loadout the game is just a cake walk.There is a turn based battle mode which I didn't bother using until the final battle where it's forced upon you. It was kind of lame, imo.They built something cool but missing some ingredient. And a raspy noir style voiceover didn't bring it home."
,Not Recommended,237930,24988798,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,OG McGibblets,"i bought transistor for a few dollars when on sale. like many, i did so because i liked their previous game, bastion. this game chooses a hybrid turn/action based system, which ultimately does not work. not a terrible game, but not one i would recommend either."
,Not Recommended,237930,33113293,Posted: 1 July,all,"""CRAZY"" Gaston","This seems kind of odd for me to do, but I actually can't recommend this title.Full disclosure: I bought the sountrack on vinyl, not just because I'm a filthy hipster, but because Darren Korb is a great composer. I also love the aesthetics of the game, and the UI is pretty well polished.The problem I have with this game is pretty central... the gameplay. The difficulty of the first playthrough is just pathetic, there's no challenge whatsoever. The difficulty ramps up in subsequent playthroughs, but nothing else changes... and even then, even with all limiters enabled, the challenge is pretty meh. The mechanics are also pretty meh, the only saving grace being the ability to combine different functions. The side-challenges are a bit tricky at first, but then they also fall fast into the MEH category of difficulty.And it's a rather short game, too. There's no new content in subsequent playthroughs, and the story feels incomplete (and what is there is unsatisfying and depressing). There's a pretty irritating trend in a number of games, like Oblivion, that throw the player into their universe without any explanation whatsoever. There is addtional ""lore"" information available, but it's a complete and utter red herring. You'll learn a lot about characters, most of whom you'll never meet, and their circumstances in a universe you don't understand. In other words, it's pointless to read the lore if there's no explanation.That having been said, I loved to play this game. If I saw someone playing it I'd probably grab the keyboard from them, and would play it just because I wanted to be *seen* playing it, not because I enjoy it. It's so cool. Yes, everything -- the music, the visuals, the characters -- are beautifully layered together in a way you don't see in most games... but games should be about gameplay.tl;dr style < substance"
,Recommended,237930,10180825,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,°Core°,"You may be wondering, ""Should I buy this game? Is it worth $19.99? How does it compare to Supergiant's first game, Bastion?""These are all questions that are very important when deciding to buy a game.All you really need to know, however, is that when I first booted up this game, it was so amazing that I released the entirety of my bowels into my pants. The game was packed with such intense depth and entertainment, too, that I did not even clean it up until I had fully completed the game.I no longer even have a jaw. It dropped so hard that it fell off my face, and I didn't even notice until 3 hours later. The doctors were unable to re-attach it."
76561198152193127,Not Recommended,237930,19370353,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Drachmor,"This may be very shocking to many of you, but I am of the minority that doesn't like this game. Please don't dislike this opinion just because it differs from yours.Let me first say that this is a beautiful game artistically. But just as a song needs more than just good lyrics, this game needs to be more than just a pretty picture.This game is extremely lacking In satisfying, challenging, or remotely fun gameplay. Just imagine if flappy bird's graphics were painted by van goh."
76561198078568828,Recommended,237930,10183862,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Shunned Fox,It's about a red head wielding a big♥♥♥♥♥talking sword. What's not to like?
,Not Recommended,237930,24359143,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,theFIXXX,"I really have no idea why I don't like the game. It's just annoying. I've died lots of times - too often, way too often for this being my first hour in a game."
76561198132670253,Recommended,237930,29151556,Posted: 9 January,all,EoniAno,"Transistor, transits the world剧情简单来讲就是红发黑丝萌妹与一支大宝剑的虐狗故事。与前作不同的赛博朋客和相同的“啊出发点是好的，结果不小心搞砸了结果世界毁灭”的灭世设定，结局非常感人：妹子拯救了世界却选择自杀，为什么呢？Transistor, transits the world.战斗方面非常有新意，即时+回合策略合理运用可以事半功倍。节奏比较适中，上手了速通三小时也可以完成。技能方面非常有新意，大宝剑可以吸收各种NPC的意识（灵魂），每个灵魂可以分别作为主动技手动释放，或者被动技与其它意识组合出新效果，亦或者作为属性技能直接装备。画面的话光影和色彩的运用更好了，和前作不同这次基色调偏冷，并更多地使用了3D效果。。相同的是依然可以随手截图就是一张壁纸~哈哈。高潮部分和结局的手绘CG配合剧情效果很震撼。音乐保持了Supergiant Games一贯的高水准，空灵优雅，很符合主角失声歌手的气质和灾难过后空城里忧伤的氛围，个人觉得比Bastion更加好，推荐入OST。总之独立游戏这是第一个能让我二周目的作品，期待今年发布的第三部新作。Gameplay: 9/10Control: 8.5/10Story: 11/10 Salute!Music: 10/10Graphic: 9/1010/10 Would be Penetra-nsis-ted again lol.刚才翻了下YouTube有关这游戏结局的评论，发现不少人不喜欢这个ending,前作是有两个不同的结局可以选择的，而这作只有一个结局。然而多了一个细思恐极的看似是NG+的mode。个人觉得，这是制作组对在前作自己抛出的问题Do you try and go back to the old world, or try and make it in the new?给出的一个明确的答案。"
,Recommended,237930,10180838,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,That Does NOT Rock!,"If you played Bastion (and who hasn't at this point?) then you'll immediately see that this game is an improvement on the formula.  You've got old friends from Bastion returning, including a beautiful art style, the music of Darren Korb and narration from Logan Cunningham, limiters to add some extra challenge (like Bastion's idols), and a variety of weapons and skills. Now, on top of that, you now have more strategic and challenging combat, more varied levels and environments, and a wider variety of enemy types.It probably won't win over anyone who wasn't a fan of Bastion, but for those who enjoyed it it's both more and better."
76561198034184721,Not Recommended,237930,33409148,Posted: 9 July,all,zzbzq,"The controls are terrible--very slow, imprecise, and and unresponsive. The gameplay isn't fun. The maps are meaningless and repetitive. The customization system makes little sense and doesn't feel rewarding. The apocalyptic cyberpunk setting is pretty cool. This game has little of what made Bastion (the developer's previous game) great."
,Recommended,237930,14739092,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,eXcruciate,"Has a pretty cool combat system. Some of the best art style and design I have ever seen in a game. It is way too short, 6 hours or less, and it feels much shorter than that. Another bad thing is that it really has no replay value at all because it is incredibly linear and even though the enemies are tougher on the second playthrough, you still have to play with certain skills so you can do enough dmg and not get yourself muffed up. I've beaten it before on a friend's computer and just recently bought it on sale to add to my own collection and play through again. The entire game looks breathtaking. It has some of the most innovative gameplay I have ever seen as well. The combat functions around planned attacks in a pause menu that are executed when unpaused and you wait on it to recharge, so planning carefully later in the game is a must so you can mitigate the dmg in between attacks. What is cool too is that the penalty for death in battle is that each time you die a skill is removed, letting you continue but handicapping you somewhat for the remainder of the battle. After the battle, the skill is still unusable until you clear a couple of checkpoints, which is a great idea that promotes skill over continuous checkpoint reloading. What makes the gameplay so unique are the skills and their combinations. Any skills can be combined to make some very entertaining and well thought out attacks. The music is very fitting and very well done and the sound is great. If anything, this feels more like a triple A game than most triple A games in the past five to ten years. PC gaming has been in the sh-tter for years, but thankfully there are people out there like this that understand what a real game should be.8/10 but only catch it on sale because of its short length."
,Recommended,237930,12719977,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Anonysaurus,"The artwork, the music and the voices got me pinned all the way to every single achievement. Too bad I made it in only 17 hours."
,Recommended,237930,32849104,Posted: 27 June,all,toiletduck123,Soundtrack Soundtrack Soundtrack Soundtrack Soundtrack Soundtrack Soundtrack Soundtrack Soundtrack Soundtrack Soundtrack Soundtrack Soundtrack Soundtrack Soundtrack Soundtrack Soundtrack Soundtrack Soundtrack Soundtrack Soundtrack Soundtrack Soundtrack Soundtrack Soundtrack Soundtrack Soundtrack Soundtrack Soundtrack Soundtrack Soundtrack Soundtrack Soundtrack Soundtrack Soundtrack Soundtrack Soundtrack Soundtrack Soundtrack Soundtrack Soundtrack Soundtrack Soundtrack Soundtrack Soundtrack
76561197987196628,Not Recommended,237930,15544198,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Tacker,"Thought it might have the same chic as Bastion but its different then expected.  So much so, I stopped playing.  Just not my cup of tea.  Note: I did not play this game that much but what I did play felt static similiar to the common used JRPG fighting style..."
76561197968027933,Not Recommended,237930,24019551,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,xabre2th,"I want to love this game, but I just solid hate the combat system...it's not really real-time, or turn-based either...for a combat focus game, it is a killer for me..."
,Not Recommended,237930,24549315,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,7grain,"Bought it for the soundtrack. For the soundtrtack, enthusiastic thumbs up.The game itself: Artistic? Yes. Clever? Yes. Fun? Not very.Probably not a popular opinion, but there it is. YMMV. Buy it on sale and you can't really go wrong."
,Recommended,237930,15922515,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,faggor king of gaystonia,OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEMMMMMMMMMEOEOMEOMEMOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
,Recommended,237930,25657738,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Jeffy Spaghetti,Damn.
76561198036510578,Not Recommended,237930,24442148,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,RubensTheEvilDeceiver,Neat but repetitive and tedious.
,Recommended,237930,11811443,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,whywolves,"I spent $20 on this game that doesn't even launch, but y'know, at least the art style is nice. Surely the people who made this are good people who spent a long time testing it, right? 10/10, would see ""Transistor has stopped working"" screen again."
,Recommended,237930,10206606,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,ChilledBlue,"Transistor is easily one of my new favourites, a mix of a beautiful world, art style, music and story telling with amazing combat and gameplay, this is a must play game, especially if you enjoyed bastion as it is much much better, definitely get it."
,Recommended,237930,14980247,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Winstontaneous,"Very beautiful indie game made by Supergiant Games - the Makers of Bastion. In this, their 2nd game, which has already sold over 600K copies, you play as Red, a woman without a voice, and a man without a body. It really reminded me personally of the Nintendo DS game from Square Enix - The World Ends With You.The game is short, but its intense action and unique (reminiscent of TWEWY like I said) combat system will give you hundreds of options to combine your abilities. It is also beautiful, proving that indie developers can make video games into art, despite AAA developers.Ok time for criticism: the game may be stylish, but it is VERY short, each playthrough of the game might give you 10 hours. With such a short game, there should be save files, but there are not, nor can you skip through chapters, meaning that you are in it for the (relatively short) long haul, and you can't go back if you missed something. (Again, something that TWEWY had)  and the (**SPOILERS**) ""Artistic choice"" as far as storytelling in the third act, is an expected trope, but it does give us the big dumb boss fight, which is actually pretty well done.8/10"
,Recommended,237930,10896394,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,DeadlyGhost,"Transistor is a truly different game, and that is what makes it so special. The graphical style is similar to Bastion, and the gameplay seems to be similar at first, but actually has much more strategy to it. As Red, weilding the Transistor, you have the ability to perform many uniqe and powerful abilities. At first, all you can really do is use those skills to attack the enemies in real-time, but shortly after the game begins you gain the ability known as Turn(). Turn () allows Red to slow down time and plan her attacks, which allows for very intense, strategic battles, rather than just attacking blindly. Another great aspect of Transistor is the music. I usually do not tend to care to much about a game's soundtrack, let alone end up buying it. The music is an awesome mix of jazz and techno. It is really stellar music that perfectly complements the game. Overall, Transistor is a truly unique game, the likes of which have never been seen before. If you are looking for a game with an interesting setting, amazing soundtrack, and strategic combat, then Transistor is the game for you."
,Recommended,237930,12703168,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,(λx.x)🔪,goty 2014
76561197990780641,Recommended,237930,12711616,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Blue-Dog,Buy.It{}
,Recommended,237930,24368334,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Wehafse,You're a hot babe with a talking sword10/10 best game
,Recommended,237930,24393268,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Absolute Madman,THIS IS THE BEST GAME EVER!point 1:  beautiful soundtrackpoint 2: beautiful Artstylepoint 3: beautiful storypoint 4: creative gameplay.
,Recommended,237930,32551444,Posted: 18 June,all,Apostle The Fraud,"I wake up with the feelings of suicide and regret. I feel the sunlight hit my eyes and everything starts to become focused. Ah yes, another day I am alive! No, not really, in fact, would you even acknowledge the life that I am am living, as a normal functioning human? I condemn myself to a thought process that's unsuitable even for the most villainous of our society. I am the walking embodiment of despair. Everything looks the same, humans all have the same face and outlook. Carbon copies of one another. Nothing changes, and things get worse by the second. So as I contemplate all of these thoughts in a matter of seconds, I see now why I cannot be sober anymore. Without marijuana I would be sitting in an ocean of red, telling myself it's all going to be ok."
,Recommended,237930,26370528,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,HeLLfirE,the game is a must play.this is where art and storytelling merge with gaming.i wish i could erase my memory to keep playing this game again and again
76561198014320274,Recommended,237930,26373821,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,kingsleer,"i dislike games with female protag, but Transistor is just too well done to pass on. 10/10"
,Recommended,237930,28646431,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Sneaky Sand,feels good man
76561197992111055,Not Recommended,237930,24659378,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,safetake,I can't play this for more than 15 minutes without falling asleep.
76561198142784826,Recommended,237930,16362154,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,sephsarian,Beautiful and engaging story. Excellent successor to Bastion.
,Recommended,237930,16536351,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,A Sp00ky Robut,"This game is an absolutely excellent follow-up to Bastion, being made by the same dev studio. However, this game is an altogether different beast than Bastion: It has a fascinating noir style, an engaging story, and an incredibly inventive gameplay system that forces you to think on your toes and mix up your strategy, while also coming up with all kinds of said strategies. This is also the only game I have found that does the whole mute protagonist thing that other games have done before (BioShock, Half-Life, Portal, Mirror's Edge, etc), yet actually characterizes said silent protagonist and make them a character, rather than just a blank slate. I would recommend this game to really anyone, as it's just a really good game."
76561198020044816,Recommended,237930,16405510,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,creamius( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)memeius,AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!
76561198041586529,Recommended,237930,12448265,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,FailTM | Galadrina,"What are you thinking, if you still don't own this game?This game might be my GOTY. First, it has good story. You dive right into it and you live it, from start to the end. Main character - Red, is not a ""tough girl"". She is very feminine and soft, remember this.Also they've stepped up the combat since Bastion.So yeah, buy this game, show Giant Bomb your love and support."
,Recommended,237930,16653125,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Shippuden,""" I lost my voice last week , when i was searching for my voice i found Transistor in Summer Sale and bought it .11/10 ""--R"
,Recommended,237930,20383709,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Ezah,"Transistor, to me, is one of those frustrating games where it does some things just amazingly well, but the rest of the game just doesn't go very well.Transistor doesn't really fit into any real genre molds. It plays from an isometric view and is an action game (akin to Bastion in a way), but you have the ability to freeze time using Turn() and plan out a series of moves, after which you will be unable to use most abilities until your Turn() becomes available again. There are access points periodically (read: after every fight, sometimes 2 after every fight) where you can choose your loadout, which is based on what functions you have available. You get to use up to 20 different functions, which can be assigned to either active abilities (abilities you actually use in combat), passive abilities (passively grant you bonuses, some of which must meet certain criteria), and enhancements/upgrades (buff a specific active ability to have extra effects). There are some really great combos that can be achieved, but you have to manage your abilities with your available memory, meaning you can't just dump all of your best available skills into your loadout and leave the smaller ones out to dry. There is a good deal of tactics involved.Another good point about the game is the enemy design. They gradually scale up throughout the course of the game in terms of what abilities they have. Early on it's easy enough to dispose of them, but when an enemy is able to cloak itself, and another is able to block out most of the screen during a turn, it can be quite frustrating to finish off the opposition before they knock out one of your abilities. Many of them also compliment each other in such a way that you have to be extremely tactical in how you maneuver so that you can eliminate a certain target while getting out of harm's way long enough for your next turn to come around.Now, for the bad stuff. My personal pet peeve was in how the loadout menus were managed. You would think that you could just bring up the loadout with all of the slots and just mix and match until your memory is full, but no. You are given your list of functions, and you get to assign each one individually. You want to put Breach() as an active ability? Better go find the correct function that is taking up the slot you want it to go in! Oh, you deleted the wrong one? Oops, lets go click on... Oh, you double clicked and accidentally put the wrong ability in that slot. And now you deleted the correct one, only to find out that it has one open enhancement slot when you want Breach() to have 2 enhancement slots. Time to go delete everything and just start from scratch. Yes, it was that tedious.The voice acting was just incredibly frustrating. I really liked Red (the protagonist), but she had her voice taken away right before the game started, meaning she doesn't talk. She can still hum (she's a professional singer), which is quite good, but that's it. The guy stuck in the Transistor that serves as the narrator has a lot of short quips that don't provide anything, and listening to the final boss talk for about 20 minutes until you reach him is as exciting as drinking battery acid.As for neutral stuff, the story is about a futuristic city where people can be digitized into this Transistor, and this group of people tries to take control and make their ideal world, and then they goof up and their army just obliterates everything because they accidentally threw away their only ability to control them. It's kind of interesting from a programmer standpoint, but it's not that interesting to me, especially from such a limited perspective (the only outside input you get are short quips from scattered terminals).The game includes limiters, which make certain aspects of the game harder, such as doubling enemy damage, making enemies spawn double cells when they die, shielding those cells, etc. They make gameplay more interesting, as you can essentially toggle the difficulty settings during the course of the game, with the reward being a small increase in experience.Overall, I would still recommend Transistor from a pure gameplay perspective. The tactics required in this game are very fun and even more rewarding; however, everything else just detracts from the wonderful gameplay. It's visually quite impressive, but that should never come into the equation when weighing whether a game is good or bad.I would give this game a 6/10. It pains me to be forced between a yes/no option, but I will ultimately say that it is worth playing if acquired during a steam sale."
,Recommended,237930,32875598,Posted: 27 June,all,zard. #GOBIG,Awesome!
,Recommended,237930,12398539,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Lone Husky,"Love the gameplay makes your mind think, also Love the art in it, it was amazing 9/10"
76561197963159120,Not Recommended,237930,22544583,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,[NWA] Enki,"I desperately want to recommend this because it's very atmospheric, but the combat is just AWFUL. The whole pause based combat system is just mindnumbing because it involves kiting until you can pause time and input abilities again. Bastion's combat was actually fun, which helped turn a good game into a great one. This is just boring.Go play Bastion again. Don't waste your time with this."
,Recommended,237930,34164429,Posted: 11 August,all,RexSol,⠀
76561198116356628,Recommended,237930,32684728,Posted: 23 June,all,nihilist74,"I bought this game for 2.99$. At this price, i am not disappointed. The artwork of the game is worth this much. I was expecting a game that was more like bastion. This game is kind of a cross between turn based rpg and real time combat rpg. It is kind of interesting to preplan your movement and attacks. This is a good cyber punk sci fi kind of rpg game. I would have been mad if i paid more money for it.  It appears to be a well made game though. I think this game grows on you the longer you play it. If you were expecting more of a hack n slash game like bastion, this is game is not quite that."
,Recommended,237930,15067522,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Sniper Joe,"I had a lot of problems with this game, but overall I think the positives outweigh the negatives.The primary positive for me in both Supergiant games is the sound direction, especially the music. Darren Korb is fast on his way to becoming one of my favorite composers and Ashley Barrett's vocals are amazing. The sound effects also stick out as appropriately digital, given the game's motif. Normally I would lead with sound direction and music as positives only if the rest of the game isn't up to snuff, but that isn't the case here: I just think that the auditory portions of this game are SO fantastic as to deserve top billing even among the other positives. Voice acting gets an additional nod, and while I don't think the ""narrator"" of this game reaches the grand standard set by Logan Cunningham (from Bastion) he does a great job nonetheless.Graphically the game is gorgeous, and there are several different types of setpieces that break up the isometric perspective you see in most screenshots. I suppose it's more correct to say that the first 3/4 or so of the game is gorgeous; due to storyline reasons almost the entire last quarter of the game is nothing but white cityscape, and while it fits with both the story and the tone it doesn't change the fact that it loses a lot of the visual appeal of the earlier sections. A sea of grayscale isn't particularly visually engaging, but on the plus side Red sticks out that much more in the blankness.Although the creators said during production that the gameplay isn't Bastion 2.0 (which would have been fine by me; I adored Bastion), fans of Bastion will notice one similar element: the ""choose a deity to make the game harder"" element of Bastion is matched in Transistor by the Limiter system, which functions almost identically. You are allowed to choose several limits for your character (less Memory, which is spent on moves, or more Cells to pick up after battle, etc.) which increase the experience gain for each combat session. Even taking every Limiter the game gave me, however, I was unable to reach max level on the first playthrough; you'll have to go through the game at least twice for those achievements, it seems.Combat, however, is very different. At max level you'll have 4 move slots, 2 upgrade slots per move, and 4 passive slots. Functions go in all of these slots and have different effects based on where they're placed (the function Ping can be a low-damage spam move, or when used as an upgrade for another function it reduces the cost for that function during Turn(), or as a passive it increases the amount of distance Red can travel while in Turn()). There are no weapons (the Transistor is your one and only weapon), merely Functions that you can slot as you will to create the exact moveset and passive benefits to fit your combat style. Do you want to be a summoner who can charm enemies? Use Help() and slot it with Switch() and you can now summon a robo-dog whose bark turns other enemies to your side. Want to be sneaky and backstabby? Use Jaunt() to teleport behind enemies and surprise them with a Breach() to the♥♥♥♥♥ boosted for backstab damage with a Mask() helper function. Or maybe you want to use Void() slotted with Spark() to doubly weaken enemies before hitting them with Crash() slotted with BOTH Switch() and Purge() to stun them, charm them, AND put a DoT on them all in the same move. And that's just a small taste of all the options you're presented with. Transistor does a great job of giving you building blocks and allowing you to make your own fun.While Bastion had a lot of reliance on timed hits and judgement of distance, the gameplay of Transistor is defined by its Turn() system. Using Turn() you plan out a set of moves for Red to perform, and when you end Turn() she performs all of those moves in hyper speed (not instantaneously, which is very important to note; she moves much faster but it still takes her time to perform all of the inputs). More powerful Functions require more of your planning time; when you run out of planning time, you can input no more commands. You can rewind your commands and see if a different set will give you the outcome you're looking for, however; your Turn() isn't set in stone until you actually end it. However, using Turn() means that you can't use ANY of your functions afterward until all of that planning is regenerated. Do you use up all your planning time at once for a big combo attack knowing that afterwards you'll be entirely helpless for a few seconds, or do you sacrifice on damage and utility during Turn() to use up less planning time so that your period of helpelessness is as short as possible?While you CAN play Transistor without using the Turn() system and simply manually inputting commands in real-time, I feel the combat is built around the system to such a degree that realistically it's a necessity. And that's one of my sore points with the game; due to the Turn() system the combat functions like some weird combination of RTS and action, but it blends them in such a way that the deficiencies in both systems are readily apparent. If you use Turn() the only thing you can do afterwards (unless you use a particular helper function) is run around like a chicken with its head cut off, but the game throws so many enemies at you in most combats that playing Transistor like a straight action game WITHOUT Turn() is an exercise in futility since you'll just be overrun. It certainly doesn't help matters that almost every single enemy in the game is faster than Red, ensuring that even with a head start provided by Turn() they'll be sure to catch up while she's recovering.As a programmer myself I got quite a bit of enjoyment out of the programming references in just about every facet of the game. The story is intentionally vague and cloudy in the beginning, which I found a bit annoying, but the game slowly fills you in as you go along and I eventually came to realize that it worked better by keeping you in the dark for so long. One interesting thing to note about the story is that, to get the most out of it, you'll have to keep mixing up your loadout; you can only get the backstory on all of the characters by using their related functions in each slot. Even if you find a very powerful Function combination, if you want that extra plot information you'll have to pass it up for at least a little while so you can use those Functions elsewhere. There are only 4 really important characters throughout the story (and only 3 of those are voiced) but there are plenty of background characters with interesting backstories that do relate to the ongoing plot.For a quick story synopsis: you play as Red, a singer without a voice, wielding the titular Transistor, a talking dual-combination sword and memory chip, fighting against both the mysterious Camerata, an Illuminatiesque organization, and their destructive Process, whose sole goal seems to be the utter destruction of your city. Getting too much more into it would rob you of finding out the information for yourself. I did find myself losing interest in the story after about the halfway point (the game's relatively short length does it favors here, I think), but the ending makes up for it.tl;dr Though I have some issues with how the combat plays out due to its odd mixture of RTS and action elements, they're relatively minor in the grand scheme of things and overall the gameplay is good. Music and voice are amazing just like in Bastion, and just like in Bastion they absolutely steal the show here. Graphics are good and art direction is (mostly) interesting. The plot becomes less interesting the more you learn about it (it starts off great and mysterious, but completely lost my interest about 3/5 of the way through) but pulled through in the end. Overall, I definitely recommend it."
,Recommended,237930,30196772,Posted: 26 February,all,Scyther,"A short game from SUPERGIANT.I bought this game right after finising the Bastion. Both games are stunning at visuals and audio.What I've seen lacking in the both games were the combat mechanics that are being repeatative and kinda boring. Boss fights are not exciting nor hard.But the game drags you into itself and makes you forget where you are in real life for couple of hours. Again, I'm saying, the music, voice acting, art is absolutely unique and beautiful."
,Recommended,237930,12739340,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Logoritmic,"Masterpiece. Great story, catchy music, unique style and gameplay, everything just about perfect."
,Recommended,237930,33134969,Posted: 2 July,all,Chiibis,Masterpiece.
76561198085845512,Recommended,237930,32469086,Posted: 16 June,all,DeadEyeMaster1,"Indie games are going to dominate the market, they are the future of the video game industry.Certainly, the present indie games are founding the new genres for the future gaming reality.Transistor is going to be one of them. It focuses heavily on art style and combat design, utilizes as much resoureces as they can to output the maximized artistic style of a game. Artifying a game.We always know that game is a combination of art and entertainment, such a game heaviliy focusing on art makes it stand out among all other indie games. Even today, we hardly find this kind of refreshing game based off the limited resources they have had.The combat system is well-crafted to be diversified and fun, you can combine multiple perks into one action, and that one attack action would provoke the perks' effects out. Different perks different combinations, it's very cool to see it. And the system uses a real time engage clock, which is a pause in combat that allows you to draw out a tactic route to attack enemies. Something like the tactical view of Dragon Age, but rather the real time engage clock makes it kind of turn based.With this, we also have a niche story, even the story is kind of cliche but I really appreciate the voice acting of the characters in this game. The man in the sword's voice is just too good to be true. Story itself is interesting not yet engaging enough. But for the love of the arts in this game, you might as well appreciate that rather than the plot.Overall, 7/10."
,Recommended,237930,10184552,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Tsuken,"Definitely what you'd expect from Supergiant. This game is a lovely little vaunt through their most recent aesthetic. You can expect much of what you got from Bastion, and if you've never played Bastion (how dare you), that simply means that you're getting your money's worth.The artistic sides of the game are, much like Bastion, its strongest points. The game is absolutely gorgeous, the voice acting is fantastic, and the music is beautiful as well. The gameplay itself could do with a bit of polish, but the combat and customization  systems themselves are innovative, enjoyable and deep.  Encounters will challenge and press you to synergize abilities, and the turn-based strategy elements that have been added to a Diablo-esque combat system give it a tactical depth that it wouldn't have otherwise, turning the game from frantic hack-and-slash to tactical nightmare in the blink of an eye.All in all, very well done, Supergiant! 9/10, with only one point deducted for a slight lack of polish on the gameplay front, as well as the fact that the game is a bit on the short side."
,Recommended,237930,10184892,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,A Classy Gentleman,"Another fantastic piece of work by Supergiant, the spiritual sucessor to Bastion does its predecessor justice. While the story is slightly more simple than the story in Bastion, the art direction, sound, music, and gameplay are all just as good, if not better. The game's core mechanic is the turn() function (ability) that you posess. Turn() allows you to freeze time and plan out your next move. It may not be the most original mechanic, but it works very well in this game.In addition, each of your attacks and abilities (called functions) can be used either as a primary attack, an upgrade to a primary attack, or a passive boost. For example, one ability, bounce(), when used as a main attack, fires a shot that ricochets between enemies. However, when applied as a boost to another ability, it causes that attack to have a possibility of ricocheting between enemies. Or it might reduce that attack's cooldown time, depending on the attack. Of course, it can also be used as a passive bonus, in this case granting the player a regenerating shield that reflects a single shot. As you can immagine, the number of possible combinations is enormous.Also, do yourself a quick favor. See the button that says ""Transistor + soundtrack""? Yeah? Good. Click that one. Because this game has some incredible music. I mean, the main character is a singer. It's like Darren Korb is rubbing how amazing of a composer he is in our faces. Don't believe me?http://supergiantgames.bandcamp.com.And that's not even touching on how beautiful this game is.This game will not disappoint you."
,Recommended,237930,10185538,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,The Chocolatier,"The spiritual successor to Bastion, Transistor elevates the combat to a brand new beast. An action/turn-based hybrid (though even that fails to describe it) that carries Supergiant Games' signature artistry, mood, and amazing music. It's not all too long, but there's plenty of content and replayability. At time of writing, there are a few bugs getting worked out, but it is ultimately a high-quality experience."
,Recommended,237930,10182825,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Deer,"Brillant and moving, 10/10"
,Recommended,237930,10181908,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,BIG underscore BOY,"Very very fun game. Brilliant mix of Diablo-esque hack and slash action and more tactical play, with an amazing story thrown in, backed up by stellar art, music and voice acting. Supergiant absolutely live up to the standards they set with Bastion."
76561198041990507,Recommended,237930,23339705,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Pistachio Power Ranger,Just buy it.
,Recommended,237930,10183480,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,CLU,Stunning visualsGreat combatAmazing musicHavent even finished it and already posting a reviewGo. Buy. Now.
,Recommended,237930,25419264,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,ayetoday,would sing for my enemies again.✮✮✮✮☆
,Recommended,237930,14953090,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Hidden Inside,"VIsual perfection, aestetic extasy its done with great style, no argument there 10/10 easy.The storyline and soundtrack received universal praise, and they do live up to it somewhat, its not shakespearean play, but its more then decent.The problems start with gameplay: the fight system seems excellent at start, is cool, its fun its incredibly aesthetic, yet not only does it get boring, it presents a semi fake illusion of choice for what to use in battle. Oh sure you can say that some skills just a bit better then others, true... but if we take their benefit IN COMPARISON to what others offer there are just not that many options, you start wiht the 1 and 2 in your slots and you are probably gonna end with those. Why? They are the most broken♥♥♥♥♥♥in game, other damage abilities are varied but they dont do damage. Once battles become a chore you just equip those 2 and steamroll. Add stealth and blink to the equasion, bling them out with passives. Boom. You are set for life. Who gives a damn about 'spawn copy' or 'charm enemy' those are worthless, same as aoe damage. Whats that? 20dmg blast i can have on top of 40-60 flat damage thats great! But no thank  you, im quite happy with my lazer beam of death hitting for 350 4 times a turn.Boss battles are scarse and weak. The only challenge was the 2d one because of how incredibly boring it was. 100% pattern based 3k hp of 'hide deal damage walk from tail hide deal damage walk from t....  you get the picture. 1st boss is able to be complete without seeing her within a 0.5 screen proximity. And that boss has melee only attacks. Exciting! The only fun one was the last one, but he poses no challenge whatsowhever. 4k hp tryharding with ♥♥♥♥♥♥ abilities not using the break-lazer-backstab master combo. Casual plebian.Overall its a fantastic game visually and creatively, i quite liked it, as a game on its own...it doesnt stand a chance vs mastadons of gaming.Overall easy 7.5/10 Points removed for overhyped."
,Recommended,237930,12979554,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Lord Crocosquirrel,"As it is with many games, sometimes you don't quite get what you mean onto the page, so we thought that rather than type a review, we'd just make a video about it...https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tdviYC17UZw"
,Recommended,237930,13945408,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Cybero,Great Game
,Recommended,237930,26738652,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,aetherbomb,This is the most beautiful game i've ever played in my life also I'm a huge weenie when it comes to combat but this was relatively easy to pick up on and not overwhelming but still required a good deal of strategy which was nice
,Recommended,237930,10297235,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,@iamgingerbear,"This game, amazing. YOU MUST PLAY IT."
,Recommended,237930,10225175,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Elkaos,"ZA WARUDO! TOKI WA TOMARE!...Soshite, toki wa ugoki dasu. TRANSISTORA CRASHA DA! WRYYYYYYY!"
76561198047719608,Recommended,237930,10200909,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,North,"TL; DR - Just go buy this bloody fantastic game.Transistor is incredible. Beautiful art style, amazing narrative and a superb soundtrack.Short as it may be for some people, the sheer number of 'functions' (Skill moves) that can be married together will keep every play through unique. Combat can be quite tactical at times yet somehow remains fluid and fast paced. The narrative is clever as it gives enough information as to what's happening without holding your hand the entire time.It could of done with a better explanation on how the functions work at the beginning, and I had the odd screen stutter. However, these problems take nothing away from the awesomeness that is Transistor.So well done again Supergiant Games.Buy it! Buy it now!!"
,Recommended,237930,10827937,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Daddy,"I want to start by saying that if you are a hardcore fan of Bastion (Like me), then I absolutely recommend playing Transistor. However if you have never played Bastion, or for whatever reason didn't like it, then this is NOT the game for you.I expected a lot from this game, being from the same maker from Bastion, and for the most part I wasn't let down. The one problem with this game is the combat, which almost ruins this game entirely.Combat is completely based on abilities you use. You gain various abilities as you progress, but there are no basic attacks. Meaning the combat revolves around these abilities or ""Functions"" as the game calls them. With the new combat system known as ""Turn"" players can stop time and maneuver the around the fight planning what moves to make. I would relate it to V.A.T.S in the Fallout games, but much more in depth. Each move comsumes a part of your ""Turn bar"". When the bar is empty you can no longer make a move. In theory this is a great idea for a game and I was all for it in the beginning. The problem with Turn however is that a function like this should be up to the players choice in games, but with the amount of damage enemies do and the time it takes for you to cast a single ability, it is almost impossible to finish a fight sequence without relying completely on it. Now one would think you could solve this problem by just turning down the diffuculty. Unfortunately you the difficulty is set, and cannot be changed. To make matters worse once you have used turn it goes on cooldown (based on how much of the turn bar you consumed), making all of your ability unusable until turn is usable again. There is an ability in the game that can be used during turn's cooldown, and it can be applied to other abilities as well, but once again with the long cast animations and the amount of damage enemies do, it is much wiser to simply run away and wait for Turn to come off cooldown. This makes the game have very little veriety since you have to rely completely on a single function. Turn should be giving the player a viable option to change the flow of combat and not completely dictate it.However the ONLY problem I have with Transistor is the combat. The rest of the game is absolutely fantastic. The soundtrack is absolutely beautiful, the visuals are just stunning, the story is a little hard to follow but is interesting nonetheless, and the narration is even better than before. All of these combined are enough for me to look past the problems with the combat and continue playing.I was expecting a game that would rival Bastion. What i got was a game that can never hope to come near Bastion's level. In the end it didnt meet expectations, but is still an acceptable game."
,Recommended,237930,10320930,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,CANADrIAN,Great game with great gameplay and phonemenal voice acting. If you liked Bastion you will love this. Supergiant knows how to great games that quickly become my favorite. Would recommend
,Recommended,237930,20235247,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Rymere,Bought it just so I could fap to the art style of the game.
76561197980896334,Recommended,237930,10299253,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,PTT.Tamachan,"I could see people saying something along the lines of 'strong contender for Indie GOTY' and I definitely enjoyed Transistor enough to not stare shame into said people's souls. I loved it enough to complete it depiste being quite anti-completionist by nature.Personally however, as someone who's played their previous release Bastion, I felt it echoed their last game far too closely. The constant narration; the vagueness of the plot; the pseudo isometric view and colourful art style; all great, but it's all stuff we've seen before.The gameplay makes the core difference between the two games, however it's quite simple and could use some balancing. Nothing screaming innovation there, but it's fun and creative which is enough value on it's own.Overall a fantastic game, my only major gripe is that I couldn't play it before Bastion to truly experience it with my jaw on the floor, where it often belongs.8/10"
76561198104935611,Recommended,237930,11889589,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,i-y-t,Before We all Become one!!!!
76561198065220941,Recommended,237930,20883905,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,MustangNinjas,Dis game good. You proly like dis. Buy dis. Buy dis now.
,Recommended,237930,16408412,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Balloon! Love,"Absolutely amazing. Robots, swords, robot dogs, a gripping story and amazing soundtrack.Get it for sure"
,Recommended,237930,13777369,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,FREE Robux Generator,"10/10 Would play again. Beautiful artistic style, excellent soundtrack, great story. <3"
76561198202436154,Recommended,237930,21540415,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Icarus__Fallen,"Beautiful Game, not as simple as it looks! 9/10!!!"
,Recommended,237930,15068341,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Gio,"Honsetly, Transistor is the single most brilliant game I have ever played. Every aspect of both gameplay and the narrative is 100% on point. Combat first: Transistor is completely intelligence based. The combat system is remarkable in that you don't have to have amazing at aiming or have super fast reflexes, but you just have to use some common sense. The way your abilities work in tandem is unprecedented and the sheer amount of ways you can fight is brilliant. The turn function is amazing and it opens up worlds of possiblities, but I suggest that people not use it 100% of the time as fighting in real time is somewhat amazing and powerful. The combat only gets better when you start your recursions (or New Game+). The way you can modify the abilities you have as you receive copies of those abilities during the recursion is so powerful and opens up new doors into how you can approach combat. Transistor has the most innovative combat system I've seen to date and is completely enjoyable. The story is jawdropping in its scale and complexity. It may be hard to understand in the first half of your first game, however once you understand the world and how the transistor works and the motivation of the antagonists in the game, everything meshes wonderfully. The OVC terminals also add a lot to the game as you get glimpses into what Cloudbank was before the Process. And, of course, the ending is jaw-droppingly good. Combine the story and combat with the glorious soundtrack and beautiful art and you have yourselves what Transistor is: an 11/10 game."
,Recommended,237930,15038316,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,bastixiii,I think this game is amazing and I've only been playing it for a few hours. Plus the soundtrack is pretty cool.
,Recommended,237930,15058054,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Nebasuke,"Lovely game.It took me a little bit to get into, but after you're able to immersive yourself in the combination of beautiful music, quick paced action and dialogue the game is really good. It all just fits so well together, with music and dialogue starting at exactly the right times. Stunning visuals as well.If you're up for it, the game can be made quite challenging by voluntary handicaps (granting a tiny % of bonus experience as compensation).Tip: don't rush, let the dialogue finish before you move to another area, it makes for a much nicer and more natural experience."
,Recommended,237930,15060668,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Kilaen,"Fun game, interesting gameplay."
,Recommended,237930,15061717,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Boner Jams,Fan-♥♥♥♥ing-tastic
,Recommended,237930,15065337,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,gordo san,Simple and creative gameplayGreat story and musicOnly problem is that it is a short game.
76561198061335053,Recommended,237930,15065474,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Dannyjevans,One of the most original and refreshing games ive played in a long time great art style and one of the best sound tracks in a game to date cant recomend this game enough.
,Recommended,237930,10195706,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,BB,One of the only games in a long time to have given me no disapointment.  Love it.  Can't wait for Superigant's next project.
,Recommended,237930,10195590,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,MajorMadness,This game is very much similar to Bastion and if you loved Bastion there is no doubt Transister is for you. Saying anything would spoil the story and going in blind is probably the best thing you can do. All i can say is just buy this game.
,Recommended,237930,14426543,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,｀ ◡ ´) majin,ehhhh steam salepros:art styleunique rpg feelsoundatmospherecons:shortstoryunique rpg feel (dat final boss fight)
,Recommended,237930,10192490,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Andraste,"Great combat system with both the planning and the normal way being great in their own ways, the world is.. excellent, with a really great art style. Though I never played Bastion despite owning it, I really enjoyed this game so far and I'd love to see more."
,Recommended,237930,12961078,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,DMT and whiskey,This Game. I like it. Beautiful art and atmosphere. 100/10
,Recommended,237930,13877261,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,More like Hour of Value,Better than Bastion.
,Recommended,237930,10808581,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,math crab,WHY AREN'T YOU ALREADY PLAYING THIS GAME
,Recommended,237930,10898914,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Soap Dragon,the sword doesn't shut up 10/10 would play 9001 times again
76561197970270730,Recommended,237930,10966250,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,TitusVII,Sexy as hell!
76561197992112271,Recommended,237930,10279932,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Angry,"If you like the taste of sorrow and not sweet, with some good combat as always, try bastion first. Then get this game. Supergiant does this indie aspect all too well. Can't wait for a third course.Kisses"
,Recommended,237930,24380958,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Conanap,"I played the mobile version and not the PC version, but IIRC the only difference should be controls.That said, the game is amazing. I bought it again on PC because I loved the game. However, I have yet to finish the game due to time constraints.The story is very intriguing thus far, and I do not know how it ends. There's a lot of mystery that seems to unravel a little bit at a time. If you don't like this kind of narration, this will be a huge problem for you.The game consist of some exploration and fighting. Fights can be real time, but it's a good idea to use the skill to freeze time and plan out your moves. As such, the game almost become like a game of chess. Once you use up all your... I like to call it energy, to attack, you must dodge enemy attacks until the skill to freeze time once again becomes available. It's almost like a mix of planned chess and only the dodging portion of rogue like games. It's really hard to describe the battle system, so it's best to watch a video on it.The art is simply stunning, and the background music is really, really nice. I rate it a perfect 5/7. Jk, 10/10"
,Recommended,237930,24382934,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,natek9,I could not stop playing this game.  Item synergies are quite unique and fun to play around with.  I will most likely play though a second time.
,Recommended,237930,24355675,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,|>_|3lade,"This is an awesome game! When I told a friend the story of Transistor, she said its basically the same story as ""The Little Mermaid Ariel"".Well... now that I think about it... thats not wrong."
,Recommended,237930,24361679,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Daigu,Great game. Beutiful music and as always the narration is steller. I'm liking it.
,Recommended,237930,24365574,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Celestial Cat,Beautiful soundtrack mixed with simple gameplay and a great story.
76561198137131336,Recommended,237930,24397228,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,MORTHE-RUZ,"A Delicios GAME.the soundtrack is beautiful.the details that have the game still being 2d, are seductive.each map is very beautiful, light effects, buildings, your eyes never feel offended when you play transistor.the story is not the best, but at least differs in some respects to others.GAMEPLAYthe gameplay is the most noticeable aspect of this game and to finish it completely, I can say that is intuitive and encourages you to think well as'll spend your 4 moves to destroy the enemies in the ""turn"" mode.IMPROVING , to modify abilities , they make you be curious to never stop to experience the variety of skills that can create to do something more powerful.clear that everything is not easy in the game, sometimes the battlefield will not help and the enemies will become more complex and difficult, in that moment you stop thinking with strategy and start trying to survive.DECEPTION.although the introduction of the game will tell the story of the protagonist, you may notice that is 5 final enemies. unfortunately this during the game only 3 final fights against enemies, which at the end I get discouraged, for I expected more exposed battles where every move I learned in the game.in my personal opinion, I think squandered a little visual capacity they had, like some maps where only small repetitive filled with enemies.but ... it's one of those games that you always play again."
,Recommended,237930,14274503,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Burgernaut,I don't understand why would YOU read this. JUST BUY THE DAMN GAME ALREADY!...DO IT!
76561197997431318,Recommended,237930,12177848,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Mogryo,"Hey,,, Red..."
,Recommended,237930,20580716,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,ea ea eaaa ea,it's like fallout without nuclear
,Recommended,237930,21242404,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Snus,"Bastion was a lot better, but this one is ok too."
76561198042528154,Recommended,237930,18102932,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Emre,Beautiful
,Recommended,237930,19567477,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Dblad,"Fun, short, challenging game. Screw that ending though."
,Recommended,237930,15076009,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,yung kwan,"I love the game so much. The story is very nice and even if I finished it, I'd still want to play it again and again. Gameplay is also good, I got hooked to completing the Backdoor Tests.THE SOUNDTRACK'S ALSO GOOD THO"
76561197998236356,Recommended,237930,24344492,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Avalon The Snow,"This is an AMAZING game. It may be simple, and if you work the combinations right the game becomes far too easy and short. BUT this game is just wonderful. The music is fantastic. The art work is fantastic. The story is fantastic. I just love this game. I fell in love with Red and her amazing voice. I spent far too long holding Tab to hear her hum."
,Recommended,237930,24382758,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,frankie,Still didn't even beat the game.Already having emotional feelings for this game.I already feel the dark void that i will feel after i beat this game.I will regret ever even playing this game because of how much pain it has given me for beating it.10/10I will miss not beating this game.
,Recommended,237930,24384411,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Happy Inktober!,Amazing and artistic.  A beautiful game.
,Recommended,237930,10183502,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Libra Baby,Solid buy 10/10 would do business again.
,Recommended,237930,10254417,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Only Egyptian God Can Judge Me,"Glad to see that the team didnt make the game feel like bastion + sci-fi. New gameplay and weapon mechanics are great, tone/feel/setting is fantastic."
76561198230698740,Recommended,237930,24356116,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Sartorius,The game and in-game music are booth beautiful.There are plenty of user skills modifications.It was a great experience.10/10
,Recommended,237930,24366870,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,ndgo -asf,incredible
76561198307159991,Recommended,237930,24360755,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Xeno,"Great start too the game so far,Wasnt too hyped about itTried it out and,Loving it!!!"
,Recommended,237930,24362579,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,arnieindeed,"Really enjoyed this game. The voice acting was superb and the concept and level design was beautifully exercised.I can take or leave the gameplay elements with combat, but the beauty of the game is enough to play it through."
,Recommended,237930,24378520,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Little Pink Bowser,"Fantastic game, its prety short but the graphics are gorgeous, the Music is fantastic, the story is non-intrusive and intense. The mechanics are fun with multiple valid playstyles and one of my favorite games of all time."
,Recommended,237930,24383726,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Pallynation,"This is one of those games you just have to experience.  I personally enjoyed the combat, but it might not be to everyone's liking, but what really stood out was the Story and the soundtrack which truly felt connected to the story.  Fantastic art direction.  My only negative comment, is that the game was short, and there wasn't a lot of replayability, but i still felt like my money was well spent on this highly enjoyable game."
76561198187851319,Recommended,237930,24353339,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,zeyoon,Superb!!! Such a beautiful game!!! Its like playing a comic book out instead of just reading & flipping the pages.
,Recommended,237930,10345327,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Chainfire,A fantastically visualized game with a myriad of ways to play.  The customizability in combat is simply astounding.
,Recommended,237930,24364463,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Tuzongyu,"Awesome game, exactly the quality I now expect from Supergiant Games."
76561198002534387,Recommended,237930,24386598,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,dudley,"Great game! I absolutely loved everything about it from beginning to end. The plot, game flow, characters, art work and most of all the sound track which adds alot to the feel of the game.A very easy game to pick up and play, but not leaving you feeling there needed to be more at the end.9/10 for me. Thanks for making this game, it's beautiful!"
,Recommended,237930,24387396,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,the most distant shore,This game is just great
,Recommended,237930,14946063,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Mateo,Humming a song by the Goldwalk Channel: 11/10
76561198005727753,Recommended,237930,27898846,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Nivdawg,"Great purchase. I liked how the game encouraged experimentation with the various abilities and attacks, it really let me refine my playstyle, and I wanted to immediately replay it, something which never really happens. The story was also engaging and had a cool vibe. One of a kind game in my opinion"
,Recommended,237930,11520500,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,ShadowOTD #Ramen,pros: Great game with an amazing sound track and visuals .cons: short.Overall score: 9.5
,Recommended,237930,10197394,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Nexus,"Just like Bastion before it, Transistor is a stunning work of art. Not better or worse than Bastion, just different.Original, engaging and deceitfully deep gameplay mechanics meet FANTASTIC art direction. This game looks, sounds and plays wonderfully. Another masterpiece from Supergiant Games. This studio deserves all the support they can get.I won't waste time trying to describe Transistor. You have to play it to understand it. Whether you played Bastion or not, you should buy and experience this game... NOW.Hats off. Slow clap. You name it."
76561198283193705,Recommended,237930,29493918,Posted: 25 January,all,DeadMantis,Great game to play. Alot of fun so far. If you enjoy this check out Bastion.
76561198086320292,Recommended,237930,24356181,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Grimmier,Wow!...
,Recommended,237930,24350421,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Axen,"truly special game... can't recommend it enough, and the soundtrack is something I listen to everyday, so damn good"
76561198053626528,Recommended,237930,24354886,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Douglas,"Short butsweet, Tons of replayability."
,Recommended,237930,24382569,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Mr Goobledigopp,10/10 would cry again.
,Recommended,237930,10890042,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,0xyg3n.hac{se},"10/10 first 10 minutes of playing. The art. The music. The wonderful style. The simple/satisfying upgarde system. Story is catchy right off the bat. INSTANT tron vibes for all you techy world loving ppl, yet a hint of an almost steam-punk version. LOVE IT!"
,Recommended,237930,10185212,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,BIRD BIRD KILL IT,"Excellent follow up to Bastion from Supergiant Games. Incredible art and music, fantastic story and narration, and very fun combat. The skills system, in particular, has got its hooks in me. Each skill you unlock has a function as an active, a passive, and as an upgrade for another skill; where the really fun part comes in is that the upgrade interactions are each totally unique. So the number of skill combos you can generate is mind boggling.Very fun way to approach skilling and progression in an RPG. Awesome game!"
,Recommended,237930,16441178,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Bean Sídhe,"Interesting game.A preface: If you expect Bastion 2, then no, this game is completely unlike Bastion in most ways. I will, however, be comparing the two.The art is gorgeous, as expected, and Logan Cunningham's narration is stellar - Rucks was a more interesting character than Triangle Jacket Guy (TJG for short), but that issue lies with writing.The combat system is, honestly, the best I have ever seen in a combat-centric RPG, bar none. Often-criticized by the number twinstick shooter combat system got replaced by something completely new, and with stellar results. Unique blend of pausable real time and action points, and your character's strength relies on your ability to come up with useful spell combinations: if the process of looking what you can come up with isn't enough on your own, the game encourages you to try every spell in every position by rewarding you with character info and worldbuilding (and, obviously, achievements, but whatever); punishing the player for failure by taking away their strongest attack is ingenious as well. Honestly, the only downside is that the player is completely helpless while their pause button is on cooldown, as that makes their spells go on cooldown also. The logic behind doing this decision is unclear, and the game would only benefit from allowing the player to freely use spells: animation times would suddenly start mattering, for one; some interesting new combos would appear (like a Get()-enhanced projectile into Cull(), which can't be pulled off in pause) and, honestly, waiting for your turn tor recharge just plainly isn't fun.Speaking of things that are not fun: the enemies. All of them. They start innocent enough, but by NG+ you're so tired of playing keepaway with Fetches and waiting for Men to go out of stealth that stacking maximum damage modifiers to hit them several times the total amount of health they have is catharthic, and even if you aren't interested in catharsis, the encounters are designed around instantly taking out high priority targets, and so the game's very many nifty AoE tools go to complete waste. The end boss is the ultimate example of this approach to encounter design and, yes, can be trivialized.The game is this time completely and utterly linear, fully devoid of choices. One can only make short detours from the railroad to read some logs or get some bits of fanservice or whatever. Or to participate in challenges. Unlike Bastion, where one could access challenges at any point between story missions, in Transistor you have to actually find a door to the hub with sets of challenges per door. Are they missable? Of course. Can you reload an earlier save if you realize you've missed a challenge? No can do. Can you at least backtrack? That would be nice, but we can't have nice things. Really, rebuilding the eponymous Bastion building by building or choosing which route to take would eventually lead to the same outcome in the end, but it sure felt like your choices mattered, that you, the player, mattered.And so you walk alongside the story, knowing nothing about the place you're going next outside of some postfactum commentary, exploring the city that the game fails to make you care about. In fact, the game lacks narration per se, and that is the TJG's function: commentary. All the fascinating info like postmortem obituaries, news feeds and such, is accessed only via text logs and is purely optional. Ultimately the story reaches its climax, attempts a gameplay and story integrated moment like the much-praised Zulf sequence in Bastion, falls flat on its face because the endboss is trivial, and rips your heart out with an ending. That's it. Now you can start new game plus, if you want to, but it mostly just sort of throws Men at you. The entire story can be summed up in two sentences, or at best a short paragraph. What have you been doing for the past three hours then? Filler.Transistor shows a lot of promise, but its downsides are plenty and it seems to end about 75% into. I suspect troubled development.Ultimately:Transistor proves that Supergiant Games can make something other than Bastion, although it fails to copy things that made the game succeed as a game. Either way, it is worth one playthrough.7/10."
,Recommended,237930,16529479,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Douruth #szeroki,"It's a grat game. Like Bastion, Transistor has awesome graphics and fighting system. The game also has terrific storyline which remains in your mind."
76561198056809252,Recommended,237930,24325807,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,TastyScone,It was good.
,Recommended,237930,16230797,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,El Unico y Autentico Alan,"Excelente juego, la música, la atmosfera y el estilo gráfico lo hacen todo, tiene muchas referencias al mundo de la programacion y hasta inclusive a la electrónica (como el nombre lo dice). Es rejugable ya que se pueden usar diferentes builds en cada partida.Vale la pena comprarlo al precio que está, y si es por menos ni dudarlo."
,Recommended,237930,16781179,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Trash,Short but sweet
,Recommended,237930,16608618,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Hess,I'll kill my family just to erase my memory and replay this history.
76561198127276425,Recommended,237930,16990385,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,HardAppleCider,"Transistor is a wonderful game.It's very similar to Bastion in its design, but this isn't a bad thing.  The world setting here is a little bit more fleshed out and a little more my style.  Both games feature post apocalyptic worlds, but this one's all techie futuristic, and I dig that.If you've played Bastion you'll know what to expect.  The game's art style and simple (but fun) combat will make you want to keep playing until it's all over.  The game's on the short side, but that's why it's price is low.  It's a short sweet experience that I'd recommend to most people."
,Recommended,237930,10372766,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Alex of Swag,Amazing
,Recommended,237930,17590641,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Chef,Just play this game. It's ♥♥♥♥ing beautiful.
76561198057548220,Recommended,237930,12319051,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Zatanna,"Transitor starts you off with a mystery that immediately piques your curiosity. You play as Red, a singer who has somehow lost her voice at the same time she came into position of the Transistor, a dimensional sword that serves as the weapon to combat the Process, who are the baddies of the game. The plot unfolds throughout the game via flashbacks and dynamic narration, on par with its predecessor, Bastion. As you progress, the mysteries surrounding Red, the Camerata, the Process and even the Transistor are explained to you and what you end up with is a very rich, detailed background to a fictional world that unfolds into a deep and involving plot.But Transistor's main gravitas isn't its intricate plot or mysterious characters. It's main selling point comes from its fantastic gameplay. Combat in the game can be played in real-time but it's main focus comes from the tactical planning. You can simply pause the action and plan out your moves. Doing so however, will require a specific portion of a limited meter and different skills will eat up different amounts. I won't go into details regarding the abilities but know that each one can work in a symbiosis with another and various combos can result from it, allowing for a stylishly devastating blow to your enemies.The use of this battle system is extremely well done and, if I dare say, even surpasses that of AAA titles. Even outside of combat though, the player can simply interact with the environment, digging up background info on the world and characters or simply just enjoying a stroll in the environment.The art style is very stylish and the music glues everything together. If people thought Bastion was beautiful, they would be very impressed by this too. I don't usually re-play games but I made an exception for this because it wasn't just a game, it was an experience. To enjoy beautiful art and great music alongside tight combat and a colourful plot, Transistor is definitely one game you should never pass up on."
76561198043347581,Recommended,237930,10521521,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Worm,Brilliant gameplay!
,Recommended,237930,10252880,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Shaf,"Man what a cool game. I enjoyed it greatly, beautiful visuals and audo was good too. The down side was it is short compared to bastion but as there different games that makes sense. The fighting mechanics are different and make sense within the realm of the game 10/10 would play again.Which i will be doing"
,Recommended,237930,10687785,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,purebone00,"After beating the game on recursion mode (NG+), and obtaining all achievements. I have to say it's easily one of the most enjoyable games i've played. The combat is open and fun to experiment with, every function and skill seems to have it's purpose and makes for very interesting and different combat if you seek variety. With essentially 2 basic ways of playing turn() base, or playing in real-time. People will find what they feel comfortable with. The artwork and characters are simply amazing.There are some things about the game that should be noted.1.   it's short, having only taken me 16 hours to 100% it's very short compared to other games. Which actually has it's own pros and cons- prosthe story doesn't drag on and the setting and story is very well polished- consyou kinda wish it was longerin the end i loved the story and the characters, but i wish there was a little bit more.2.   it's not that difficult-  obviously it has a learning curve and once you get past that you can complete each of the challenges very fast,                 especially if you know what skills and combinations to use that are effective. (for example: there are these dog type enemies that are basically the biggest pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ but once you realise you can chain stun them or be able to evade them with the right timing and burst them down they become like little chiwawa's)- it's not as difficult as bastion was even accounting for the 10 gods/10 limitors gamemode. The 10 limitors add alot of difficulty to the game but there are some builds that are a catch all situation and you find yourself just plowing through enemies if you do search or create these builds.Final comment: I very much recommend this game, and makes me can't wait from what supergiantgames is going to release next. And if you do plan and buying and playing this game. Try and go into the game blind. Avoid as many spoilers and gameplay and even the enemy types (i realise i spoiled the dog, forgive me for that). Experience everything for yourself."
,Recommended,237930,10436881,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Hikelos,"Absolutely Amazing, breathtaking and touching.+The music is top notch, it really doesn't get any better than this.+The sound effects are spot on for every kind of enemy and ability, they give the right feel.+The Art style is amazing aswell, i wish i could draw like that.+The voice acting is so atmospheric and perfect all the time.+The gameplay and combat system are very easy to learn, but incredibly deep. There's A LOT to fiddle around with to get around the different types of enemies.Hands down the best game i have played in at least 5-6 years with a story that , even though short, will stick with me for the rest of my life."
76561198047996088,Recommended,237930,10223084,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Phos,Best ♥♥♥♥ING GAME EVERRR !!!!
76561198003254158,Recommended,237930,23630977,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Seroka,Press Tab to hum.
76561198086153650,Recommended,237930,21289161,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,StrangeGeuse,01/01
,Recommended,237930,21132943,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,pandacommander,This games gorgeous art stile and compelling game play make it surprisingly easy to get immersed and loose countless hours. not saying that's a bad thing personally i feel it was time well spent but your mileage my vary :)
76561198052583206,Recommended,237930,21115887,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,ParticularParadigm,"Highly recommended, got it for free on PS, picked it up again on PC because it was so good. 10/10 soundtrack and story, very cool style, and fun gameplay. 100% worth buying it again. It even tops Bastion."
76561198029587408,Recommended,237930,21127017,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Arthurdeparthur,"This game from the makers of Bastion is extraordinarily beautiful. Just play and get carried away by the story, graphics, music and imagery."
76561198047984909,Recommended,237930,11424081,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,LOKI,my game doesnt work it says program has stoped working when i try the launch it
,Recommended,237930,10203025,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Miki,Oh my god... ♥♥♥♥ SNAPSHOTS AND ♥♥♥♥ THE GUY WHO CONCEIVED THEM ESPECIALLY! I HATE THOSE ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥S!
76561198045631661,Recommended,237930,12698208,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,dr_donald,"10 out of 5!!!I totally loved this game. The story was so emotional!Looking forward to a sequel (with a longer story, but the same gameplay)."
,Recommended,237930,12710131,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Deceptive_Yoshi,<3
,Recommended,237930,10304477,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,#1 ICE KING,Good game
76561198115129906,Recommended,237930,21695842,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Ferliz,"love it, worth just for the gameplay and the excelllent music really!!!!!!!1101010!!!"
,Recommended,237930,19376716,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Bird,Why aren't you buying this?
,Recommended,237930,10364465,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,even chinese,"Like Bastion, but vivace.What the ♥♥♥♥ does vivace mean i dont speak italian jesus u racist"
,Recommended,237930,23749444,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,madhouse,mint soundtrack
,Recommended,237930,27048841,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Igsu,This game is absolutely amazing.Gorgeous and unique graphics and fresh fighting mechanic paired with the best narration ever and a great story really make this game stand out.Easily one of my favorite games of all time.
,Recommended,237930,23843179,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,MrsTuffsy,one minute in already in love :)
,Recommended,237930,23979830,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Misericordia,"I will not say much about this game,just the basics:1 ) It's a great story.2) The music here is really very, very beautiful.3 ) The world and it's style makes the game plunges into it with great relish.And in the end I can only say that the game is really worth the money and I advise you to go through it ."
,Recommended,237930,20015789,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,[o7] eagle33322,"Beautiful, fun, yes."
,Recommended,237930,15120375,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Eveny,one of the best games i have played 10/10
76561198039420210,Recommended,237930,21932022,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,runemyth0,Amazing.I could listen to Red sing all day and night.
,Recommended,237930,21829555,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,FireLizzard,"Transistor is one of my all time favorites. If you play videogames for the experience and story, this is the game for you. Really the only thing that has compared was Portal 2 realease night (12:30 AM - game in hand, 1:30 AM - home and ready to play, 7:30 - LUNACY!!!). I was in tears at the end of this game. It punches you right in the feels."
,Recommended,237930,21846699,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,CQN,"Amazing artwork, Amazing soundtrack I had to buy the soundtrack a part cause it's wonderful and the plot it's unique the gameplay it's very different for me if we compare with other games of the same style, I just would like that the game has more vocal musics from red and be more gameplay I just finished with 6 hours the main campaign.IF I COULD BUY AGAIN I WOULD BUY IT.DON'T THINK JUST BUY IT."
,Recommended,237930,21847019,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Mellow Out,bruh
,Recommended,237930,21852127,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,AmplifierWorshipper,"Quite frankly, one of the greatest games I have played in the past few years. A simple but endlessly customisable combat system makes for plenty of replay value, the storyline is moving yet never gives so much away that the mystery is diminished, with shades of tragic romance and retro-futurist utopianism working in harmony, and it looks so damn gorgeous you'll wish you were living in Cloudbank all day, every day. And then there's that soundtrack... Darren Korb has arguably surpassed his work on Bastion with this, a jazz-noir post-rock treasure trove that's beautifully complemented by Ashley Barrett's stunning take on Red, Transistor's chanteuse protagonist. Play it once for the story, again for the combat tweaks and then come back for one more minute of Red humming along to those tunes."
76561198004482759,Recommended,237930,21863388,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,avalis,"Beautiful artsyle, mesmerising music and interesting gameplay. Highly recommended."
76561198117733053,Recommended,237930,21883129,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,celestegs10,Do yourself a favor and play this gameGreat storyGreat graphicsGreat artGreat characters
76561198131254094,Recommended,237930,21774234,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Faux,"Gorgeous game, despite it being short, it really has everything I want. Fun gameplay, lots of skills, vague yet alluring story. It's a game I will always remember."
,Recommended,237930,10248422,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,pH,"I'll start by saying that this is a decent game and I'd recommend it, but while I enjoyed it, I still prefer Bastion.To be fair though, Bastion was definitely a hard game to follow up on, and in some respect,Transistor manages to improve, but in other aspects, it doesn't manage to beat Bastion.Bastion to me was worth more than twice it's price of 15$, whereas this, I think 20$ is quite on mark.One thing Transistor definitely surpasses Bastion, and almost any other game out there, is visuals and aesthetics.It's an absolutely gorgeous game with detailed and original artwork. Every scene in this game is worth staring at for hours.The music in general was music, but it didn't have any track that truly stood out like the 2-3 main tracks in Bastion.There also seemed to be less music centric scenes in the game, which were one of the strongest points in Bastion.The scene where you first meet Zia/Zulf, or the Zulf ending, those were such powerful and moving moments.As for gameplay, I'll first say that I truly respect when game makers try something novel and original.That being said, I personally didn't enjoy the new combat system too much. It was definitely interesting,but in general, I found it to get old rather quickly, even if there was an exponentially large number of combinations.I also found the game to have much less content, around half as much as Bastion (hence my price comment above).For example, Bastion had challenges for every weapon, each being fairly different and refreshing.Here, most of the challenges were very similar and just normal combat you'd get in the main game anyway.Finally, as for the story, I think it was on level with Bastion. It was a great, well told story.Some people have given it flak, but I think original and non-cliche stories are hard to come by,and this managed to be novel in some ways that I hadn't seen before.All in all, I'd give this an 8/10. Wonderful game from a promising studio."
,Recommended,237930,28601990,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,C:aptain,I recommend this game
76561198012067179,Not Recommended,237930,30457686,Posted: 11 March,all,jorgonq,The game is kind of fun at the start. The challenge tests are either agonizingly difficult or stupendously easy. The gameplay gets stale pretty quick and the story just doesn't hold me. Kind of bummed about the time I've spent on the game thus far.
,Recommended,237930,19688499,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Link XL1,"Bastion's little sister wants to be just like him. but is, unfortunately, a bit too surreal and generic in terms of story and dialogue. loved the ability combo system.7/10 would stab self with soul absorbing ""sword"" for gf again"
,Recommended,237930,10731426,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,OG Big Carl,"Love the blend of real time combat and ""turn based"" combat. Just like bastion this game has a fantastic story, visuals and music. I highly recommend going and buying the soundtrack and listening to it. Can easily say it's one of my favorite games of this year."
76561197970520668,Not Recommended,237930,25055285,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Medereyes,Red's functions are completely unbalanced. If you're lucky you will be granted the overpowered functions. Without them the combat is just punishing. Buff the weaker functions and you might have something.
,Recommended,237930,24647028,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Big Balls,"You CANNOT buy ANYTHING on Steam at the moment that can beat this game in term of Innovative gameplay - Great Storytelling - Fantastic Artstyle - Fabulous Soundtracks AT SUCH A LOW PRICE ALTOGETHERFLABBERGASTING GAME - A MUST HAVE IN EVERYONE'S LIBRARYI'd highly recommend buying this piece of art at full price, To show your support to this group of artists!"
76561197981205815,Recommended,237930,21530222,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,ScapeGoat,A lot like Bastion.  It is a little less action oriented and requires you to plan your avenues of approach to combat more.
,Recommended,237930,21539082,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,ScyAnide,
,Recommended,237930,21551195,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,RabiesTurtle,"Supergiant does it again with another extremely creative game.  Instead of various weapons. this game focuses on functions (abilities) which you can combine in interesting combinations to get the job done.  There are hundreds of combinations!  It makes me want to go back and play Bastion again!Also, if you are looking for the ultimate build with massive damage along with great crowd control, check out my screenshots of the game.  You can use that build with all of the limiters enabled through the whole game.  Don't use turn(), just spam void() and flood() as they are built.  I wanted to share it because I haven't seen anyone out there even suggesting close to this setup.  It took out the first two bosses in seconds (seriously, only 5 seconds for the Spine) and is great at grouping and subduing multiple enemies at once.  The only real weakness is Jerks since they can escape the get() that void() creates, but spam enough flood() and it won't be a problem."
76561198074249779,Recommended,237930,10213579,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Shinobu Matsuda,That end. This game ruined my life. Why would anyone buy this lame game. BTW you ALL should be playing this.
,Recommended,237930,10281012,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,▄█▀ █▄ █▄█ ▀T,Pros-Beautiful Soundtrack-Fun and Interesting Gameplay-Beautiful Story-Beautful Hand Drawn GraphicsCons-Short9/10Play this♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,237930,10605745,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Mehungrey,Transmister
,Recommended,237930,23849281,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Ray,"Are you actually looking for reviews on this game ?  OMGdude if you google translate ""Transistor"" you will get :Transistor means AWESOME, Masterpiece, best game of 2014the combat/gameplay is so deep, the music is so beautiful the graphics are gorgeous with good storyBUY THIS GAME NOWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW !"
76561198168443134,Recommended,237930,14330808,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,You know what i mean?,What an amazing game. The ending ruined me though...
,Recommended,237930,12782115,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Prigle,"Despite the fact that it's difficult to get a hang on the mechanics (it doesn't really explain them at all), Transistor has an excellent story, beautiful visuals, and an extremely fun and unique combat system. Definitely do recommend."
76561197988165017,Recommended,237930,10260285,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Five-Seven,This is truly a masterpiece. Again.
76561198000463143,Recommended,237930,13950763,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,foxfirerage,This is a rather beautiful little game : )The game has nice music and a nice feel and flow to it.It has been some time since I have found a single play game that will hold my attention.Strongly recomend this one^(^_^)>P
,Recommended,237930,13950614,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Acci,"Immersive story, solid gameplay9/10"
,Recommended,237930,12978707,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,iorek VRnison,"Pure art with a soundtrack for the history books. This game is, taken as a whole, quite literally perfect. A beautiful, soul-rendingly well told story, surreally crisp visuals, and the kind of emotional impact that transcends medium - every bit of Transistor speaks of the work of masters of storytelling and mood-setting, beyond just game design and programming.Spoil nothing for yourself, just look up the songs ""In Circles"" and ""Old Friends"", then dive in. You won't regret it."
,Recommended,237930,24364475,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,UnknownL,"This game has beautiful artwork for it, the music is also simply divine. The controls are quick and easy to understand, while the voice acting is spot on.You get emotionally attached to your character as you see them grow and change throughout the course of the game. It will pull at your heart strings as you see the growth that they take.This is truly a fun and worthwhile game."
76561197996481059,Recommended,237930,24383114,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,RiceSaki,I love the music.
76561198036603268,Recommended,237930,24371964,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,ulmerster,"Amazing Art, Amazing Music, Wonder Gameplay. Couldn't Recommend this game enough."
76561198104957936,Recommended,237930,24384428,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Nyroc2100,"The art style, the combat mechanics, the music, the story, the narration, the voice acting, everything about this game is perfect in every way and I havent even beat the game yet. If you are thinking about buying this game, stop thinking, and just buy it cause wow Transistor is amazing."
76561198037476738,Recommended,237930,24354679,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Plant,Good gameplay and an intresting story. An exelent game
,Recommended,237930,24387264,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,✿ Omae Wa Mou Shindeiru✔,Unique combat style.Insanely beautiful art.Majestic animations.Extremely well-made world.Heart-soothing music.Powerful story.Immersive gameplay.What do you get?A masterpiece.
,Recommended,237930,24375250,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,NVIDIA Graphic Card,"Very gud if u don't have internet connexion. Otherwise I wouldn't even open this pile of trash.Okay, gameplay is a 6/10 but aesthetics level is 10/10.Game too slow though and doing same♥♥♥♥♥♥over and over again.Author gotta be an author of porn vids srsly coz story not that bad."
,Recommended,237930,24377663,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,van der Lin,"Incredible aesthetics and soundtrack, alongside great gameplay mechanics, make this game really unique and fun."
,Recommended,237930,24383838,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,GG7,"This game is really good: great soundtrack, cool setting, excellent atomsphere and the narrator is even better than the one from Bastion (my opinion).the main problem with this game is that it is really really short and the side content is not that enticing to delve into since they're all just simple challenges that are trial and error. the gameplay has a lot of potential depth, but its cut short quite literally by the length of the game. However, I would recommend picking this and the OST if they are on sale. they are great, short and sweet experiences."
76561198220527895,Recommended,237930,24398069,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,rufle23,Best 1am insomnia-driven purchase ever.Great game with awesome fighting mechanics and a soundtrack I've absolutely fallen in love with.
,Recommended,237930,24376598,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,MentalEdge,This game wrung tears out of me. It's simply incredible well done with an interesting combat system and gorgeous visuals. This is a must play.
76561198053041128,Recommended,237930,24380854,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Eryius,Fantastic Game
,Recommended,237930,24381272,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,AliKaZam,"So I start by saying I was a massive Bastion fan, so I was a bit skeptical when there was another game out by the same studio.I was expecting a money churning remake.I was wrong.The game has it's own unique play style and combat system while maintaining the same beautifully told story line and uniquely crafted sound track. It took me a couple of attempts to get used to the hybrid use of pause and plan with shoot as you go, but I really got into it along side the pick 'n' mix weapons and boosters.I can't put this simpler than this - if you like a good game, get this. If all you are after is hack and slash then maybe it's not for you.For me though 5 Stars"
,Recommended,237930,24382127,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,IanGlo,The art and music is fantastic. On top of that it is fun to play.
,Recommended,237930,24382146,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,realboy advance,"Really fun, beautiful artwork, excellent soundtrack. Everything that everyone else is saying. Bought it on sale but would gladly pay full price knowing the quality of the game."
,Not Recommended,237930,28447074,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,DFCSpeck,"While the abilities are much more diverse than the options in Bastion, I liked Bastion's world, narrator, and storyline more.  Transistor is a short game (about 6 hours for me).  I didn't feel compelled to replay the game like I did with Bastion.  I may come back to it later for that second playthrough.  If you liked Bastion, you'll probably enjoy Transistor, but I wouldn't recommend it on it's own."
,Recommended,237930,29081047,Posted: 6 January,all,FlyingRhino,This game is great! 5/5 star yelp review
,Recommended,237930,28283771,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Zephire,10/10 would slay processes with giant usb stick sword boyfriend again
,Recommended,237930,24006856,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,WebbComics,basic premise-girl loses voicegirl finds man trapped in sword thing who lost bodygirl tries to get body for man trapped in sword thinggirl fights against the virus things and corrupt governmentgirl defeats both with sword thing that consumed people to make sword thing bettergirl becomes mega man and kills evil dudeyou cry like a little b**** because its sad as seeing a basket of puppies getting Kurt Cobain'edbut not really because in retrospect you cry tears because girl is happy
,Recommended,237930,25403227,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,[CM] MrGriefer,I am not very good at writing reviews but this games has:+Very Good music+Very Good animation+Awesome Story+I think all pc's cam play it+Good dlc with all songs and musicIf you are searching for a good (singleplayer) game with nice music + a good dlc with all ingame songs and music this is the game. I recommend it.+ -(I have and Bastion but i didnt liked it)
76561198356715306,Recommended,237930,29509069,Posted: 26 January,all,DJackGamer,is a good game.....but is not saving it saring is saving but is not save? help!
76561197994010631,Recommended,237930,12073689,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Jl,Simpy one of the best games i've ever played.
76561198062315097,Recommended,237930,20046387,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,DrBladeSTEEL,"There are a few games out there which are equal parts artwork and entertainment, and Transistor is one of them, with a coffee shop meets techno soundtrack and a uniqe blend of cartooned animation and artistic still-shots. If art isnt your kind of thing, the gameplay is engaging and blurs the line between turn-based strategy and top-down RPG, with a creative loadout/skill system and the ability to stop time and plan your attacks to be carried out in hyperspeed.10/10 would reccomend"
,Recommended,237930,21108865,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,thunderfuck mc pickup truck,"great story, beautiful art style, and a plot that pulls you incool fighting mechanics that you can get really intoand a soundtrack you can listen to on repeat for days"
,Recommended,237930,21109581,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,White Badger Devil,"Played it for the soundtrack, was not disappointed."
,Recommended,237930,21117197,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Pyrolander,"Transistor is probably the most visually stunning game I've ever played. I like its art style so much, that ever since the game was released (maybe even a little before that) 99% of my wallpapers have been Transistor themed.Both the graphics and the soundtrack are amazing, but thankfully the gameplay is also fantastic! The mix of real time combat and turn() planning not only make the game feel fresh and serve to set it apart from Bastion, but also give the player the chance to experiment with two very different styles of play.Personally, I prefer to freeze time, plan carefully and then hit all my enemies with a devastating attack, so I try to use turn() as much as I can. But no matter which style you prefer, I'd recommend to everyone to play Transistor with a gamepad, the controls are super simple and feel very good.Another great thing about this game is how even though there are relatively few functions (abilities/attacks) available, all of them can be combined with each other to create improved variations of a base ability, or used on a special passive slot to gain completely different effects, which gives the game a lot more depth than you'd think.The story is beautiful and sad at the same time, and serves as a perfect backdrop for the gameplay. As it's usually the case with any good book, film or game, the only bad part is that feeling of emptiness after you finish it and realize that it's over. Time to play it again, drool over how beautiful everything is and try new combinations of functions!"
,Recommended,237930,21119427,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,MythicEl,"I can't recommend Transistor enough: the art style is gorgeous, the soundtrack is hauntingly beautiful, the combat is engaging and the voice-acting is some of the best and most emotive I've ever heard in a video game. At the time of writing it's also on sale, so click that 'add to cart' button already!"
76561198027861121,Recommended,237930,21119487,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,PSULucky,"I'm posting this review after playing the game for (literally) a total of 11 minutes, formerly having no idea what to expect save for my high hopes.Take the beautiful narration and isometric view of Bastion.Add one cup of ""what did I just do"" of Braid.And finish with a beautiful art style reminiscent of a futuristic Invisible Inc world.Transistor is amazing.Buy this game."
76561197988041420,Recommended,237930,21119787,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Saturnation,"I picked up this game because the graphics looked stunning and the game play looked good. I expected to get a fun game to play. I didn't get what I expected. I got so much more.In the end, it's the story. I really liked the story (but then I'm a bit of a romantic). Without it, it's still a good game. But it's the story that will stay will me for a long time to come. And it's the story that makes this game one I'd highly recommend."
76561198120653463,Recommended,237930,21097627,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Hound of Tindalos,"It was like love at first sight. Its environment and story were fascinating and compelling. The game punched me in the feels relentlessly like every 3 minutes, its hard not to grow attached to the protaganists. The soundtrack was perfect and enhances the already amazing game. The combat was fast paced and fun. With so many ways to approach combat and with harder and harder foes the game posed a challenge in a good way.I only wished it was longer. It was long enough for the price but it felt like it should've been much longer."
,Recommended,237930,21100590,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Toast,"Epic game from an Epic StudioSo freaking good, Bastion was great but this one was epic worth every penny i hope this studio makes a ton of games in this caliber"
76561198213437221,Recommended,237930,21175251,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,tygr09,Exquisite graphics and innovative gameplay.  Strong recommend!
76561198046767228,Recommended,237930,21186417,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,iamjeg,"very enjoyable. stunning backgrounds and landscapes, beautiful music and graphics. the mechanics of combat seem simple, but quickly build up. Immensely impressive"
76561198088946812,Recommended,237930,21222004,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Shahbaz,"A beautiful game, with pleasurable gameplay, nice music and more from the creators of Bastion. You even have the awesome I-am-so-tired-and-haven't-had-sleep-for-many-days voice for the narrator/characters. I loved this game.The only downside is how short the game is. A second play through is recommended, a third not so much.Works great on Linux by the way."
76561198025667638,Recommended,237930,21217225,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,JXK,Bought it based on reviews. Was not disappointed. Absolutely fantastic game.
76561197984387606,Recommended,237930,21185130,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,ZARBEAR,"An Absolute Stunner""Transistor"" is a combination of exquisite art and engaging turn-based combat. The world this game takes place in, the city of Cloudbank, is stunning to look at. The motif of the environment is an oddly utopian sort of cyberpunk, or that's at least the best way I can describe it. The point is that this game's look and world-building are its strongest assets.The protagonist, Red, has lost her voice after narrowly evading an assassination attempt. She fights an A.I. hivemind known as the Process, a rapidly spreading scourge that is destroying Cloudbank. However, Red has the power of the Transistor, a sort of giant sword/paddle that talks and is largely the only voice the player hears throughout the game. You have to guide Red through the city to uncover who tried to kill her, the truth behind the Process, and how to stop it.The combat in the game is above average, but it's not gonna knock your socks off. You enter a designated area and fight enemies in groups. After you've eliminated the last enemy you'll get experience and will be able to continue through the map. The key to combat is using the Turn() function to freeze time and map out you plan of attack. You're limited in how much you can move and attack during Turn() though, so you have to strategize and make sure not to die between usages as you're unable to attack until Turn() recharges.You can acquire loads of different abilities, known as Functions, in ""Transistor"" and each function can be used in three different ways depending on how you equip them. This makes for a very flexible and customizable combat experience. There is also a challenge mode are built into the main game where the player can run through different tests involving speed, strategy, and endurance. Successfully completing each test grants additional experience.I'd be remiss if I didn't mention the music in this game. Simply put, it's absolutely stunning and probably the best game soundtrack I've hear since ""Fez."" Lots of lilting, sleepy jazz tracks accompany you as you stroll the empty streets of Cloudbank. The music tends to be somber in most places and suits the environment and narrative well.""Transistor"" is a game that sucks you right into its world and make you fall in love with it. The audio and visual presentation is unforgettable. The game also manages a great world-building experience without any exposition, which I love because I personally can't stand exposition. The combat takes some getting used to and the fact that Red only moves at the same slow speed will frustrate some. However the high customizability of the different Functions means you can find your ideal way to fight.I would recommend ""Transistor"" to anyone and everyone."
76561198139373162,Recommended,237930,21218670,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Zoro4rk,"In a few words, Transistor is simply gorgeous. The music is simply perfect, from beggining to end, the art is suberb and the atmosphere is great.Now, a game isn't only about its looks, and luckily Transistor is much more than that. The gamestyle is really smart and different, and that's really neat. Trying new functions is so exciting, and combining then is even more.The Turn system is so smart.Transistor also has a great set of characthers. From Red to the Camerata and the smaller ones, you'll eventually find someone that'll stick to your heart.The plot can be a really confusing tho, but the end is comprehensible nonetheless.So in short: Transistor is a great game and I can't stop recommending it (in fact, 5 of my friends have bought and enjoyed it) and it's even better with a discount. Supergiant is a great game maker and I sure hope to see newer games soon."
76561198080655729,Recommended,237930,13752149,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Taylor Swift,Great graphics and music
,Recommended,237930,10976855,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,GRRRR,"Coming from the dudes who made Bastion it looks and sounds very good but beneath that is a pretty indepth combat system aswell.Bastion was abit simple, you found different weapons and could dual wield them. This time around you get 4 active slots for skills and each of these skills can have up to two other skills attached to it to alter or boost its effects and you also have passive slots. Theres no designated passive or support skills, each skill can fit in any slot.For example the basic attack can just be the basic attack - or you could take it out of the active slot and attach it to another skill which then gains a stun attribute or the like. In the passive slot it provides damage resistance. Theres about 12 different skills and its really quite fun to experiment around with what combinations do what, you can make your own ""builds"" so to speak.Another thing is two combat modes, Real Time and ""Turn"" (Matrix i guess). In Real time you run around in real time. Turn mode stops time and you can plan your movement and skill use within a fixed budget (altho that can be altered with certain skills in a passive slot) which then gets executed lighting fast. The catch is Turn mode has a cooldown during which you cant use any skills in realtime either (generally).Its somewhat linear, theres a new game plus but i guess the replay value depends on how much you would be willing to shake up a tried and true combination :P"
,Recommended,237930,10894884,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Mont,Relativly short game. Really great art. Story is a bit confusing at first but you pick up on it soon after. One of the most unique combat systems I have ever seen and is really enjoyable to use. 10/10 its ok would reccomend.
,Recommended,237930,27310994,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,bagel boy,good
,Recommended,237930,26965442,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Tibby,It's like Bastion if he was a girl.
,Recommended,237930,28269854,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Luca,10/10 just for the gameplay + music.
,Recommended,237930,27730810,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,HolySmited,liek if u crey every tiemReviewing for badge.
76561198105619384,Recommended,237930,28244460,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Kaiser57,"I purchased this game during the november sale. After playing through it, I would gladly pay full price.+The art is amazing+I have been listening to the soundtrack on spotify for the past 2 weeks+The game play is easy to understand, and allows two types of playstyles+there are 10+ skills that pair with passives and upgradesI would and have recommended this game to anyone that will listen."
76561198109511901,Recommended,237930,26256141,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,HighCylon,well i do have 7.3 hours but most of those are just me trying to launch the game and failing repeatedly. The game is great but it won't launch ;/. Get it though.
76561198090253398,Recommended,237930,25688420,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,UltraMindBlown,A.R.T
,Recommended,237930,24005179,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,GhoulBum,This game is amazing! I love the music as well as the gameplay and story. This game has great action.
,Recommended,237930,24656304,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,медведь тигра,go play Bastion instead
76561198068113975,Recommended,237930,28262237,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,ஜ۩Ruskyム۩ஜ,"Dam I played this great game offline and didn't get my achievements , but I will play it again"
,Recommended,237930,28193453,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Hacktor,"Getting to 100% Achievements was worth it.Under half of the achievements will be awarded on the main path.The rest... oh boy... requires some skill, especially the challenge ones.Most of the loadout ones can be completed between two-three checkpoints.Due to the story and soundtrack I would recommend it.Wonderful emotional game."
76561197975794596,Recommended,237930,28276088,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,diego,"beautifull, wait discount to buy it.a masterpiece!"
,Not Recommended,237930,30252673,Posted: 28 February,all,Ika,"I really tried enjoying this game but its stupidly overcomplex battle system is simply not fun to me at all. It irritates the hell out of me, making all other aspects of this game completely irrelevant to me. If you can get past it, you'll probably love this game. Me? I spent the entirety of every single battle wishing this was a regular hack'n'slash. I wanted to get more into the story and understand the game's world, instead I was looking at inventory screens and managing my attacks and strategies. Then I started having my butt handed to me, losing useful attacks, which made going further even more difficult and frustrating. At that moment I realized there's no way I can enjoy this game. I loved Bastion but i'm very, very disappointed by Transistor."
,Recommended,237930,14480367,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,ComradeWinston,"As a game, Transistor's very simple. It couldn't feel more smooth or familiar, while lacking no amount of customization or anything else for that matter. Every pixel oozes an artistic vision that puts the average game to shame, with a soundtrack no less impressive. One could think from such quality, the actual 'game' part of the game may suffer but that couldn't be much less the case.Every combat ability can be a buff and vice versa, with what would be your death in other games amounting to the loss of one of those combat abilties each time you 'die.' On top of that, there's a limitor system in which you can increase the difficulty of combat in a large variety of ways. If I had to categorize it, this is one of those games that are an experience; good, if not great, in every sense."
76561198160886698,Recommended,237930,32906236,Posted: 27 June,all,Lightning,Indie game lover？Just Buy It :D
,Recommended,237930,31433905,Posted: 29 April,all,Wolf-father,I want to marry Logan Cunningham's voice.
76561197989909174,Recommended,237930,10187892,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Tarkus,very good game
,Recommended,237930,26601386,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Sharky [T],Purely genius. Another Supergiant Classic. A must play. Can't recommend enough.
,Recommended,237930,32687415,Posted: 23 June,all,Flyest Nihilist,My depression is even deeper now .11/10
,Recommended,237930,32694366,Posted: 23 June,all,porkboy,Awesome indie game
,Recommended,237930,13802104,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,yumitsui,Score: 7/10Pros:+Unique Combat system. Mix of realt time and tactical combat.+Really Nice Aesthetic. Animations are also very smooth.+Fantastic Soundtrack. Each soundtrack has an alternative with Red Humming over it.+Great Skill system. Mixing skills and making cool combos. Really good.Cons:-Short. Took me around 8 hours to finish. 2 hours of which was me experimenting with different combos.-Linear. Only 1 ending really disappointed with this one. Lowers replayability.-Easy.-Story is confusing. Even after winning the game there is very little explanation.
,Recommended,237930,27337836,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Cerulean,Best Game EVER!!
,Recommended,237930,10185598,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,McBoober,"I decided I would write a review specifically about Transistor's similarities to Bastion and what it does better and worse.Combat: Both games feature incredibly customizable combat. Bastion has around 10 different weapon, which can all be upgraded, and you can have two with you at a time for combos such as all melee, all range, mix, all fast, all slow, etc etc. Transistor gives you four slots for attacks, starting you off with a weak fast attack, a slow strong attack, a dash, and area of effect. However, it quickly becomes more than that. The amount of combat customization is staggering, you get a hefty amount of moves. BUT then very single move can be used as one of up to four passive abilities AND can be used to modify your current active moves. The customization takes it a step up above Bastions already impressive amount.As far as the systems go. Bastion was very much action oriented, The Kid has a dedicated Roll and Block button and the combat is that of an action game. However, it's much harder to draw similarities to transistors gameplay. It's much more tactical, you have the ability to go into a ""planning"" mode where time stops, and you can take as long as you want to choreograph a set of actions for the protagonist, Red, which she will then execute very quickly while the enemies must sit there and take it. After planning mode is finished and your moves executed, the meter must recharge before Red can do this again, leaving her vulnerable. She has no dedicated block or dodge, anything resembling these abilities must be achieved through the loadout you pick, leaving her vulnerable and her only option to find cover behind the protruding blocks on the ground, which can be destroyed by either you or enemy fire (they will regenerate.) However, while planning mode leaves you vulnerable, the ability to quickly execute moves makes it a must, activating abilities in real time alone isn't going to cut it. It's tough to get the hang of it, but once you find a build that works for you, and get a full grasp on how to best utilize the mechanics, that combat can be incredibly fun. Some may prefer the action combat of Bastion, some may prefer Transistors strategic approach, this will come down to personal tastes, however, Transistors combat mechanics are structurally in-depth and interesting, if they click with you I believe you will have loads of fun.Death in Bastion also has less long term affects. You run out of potions? Back to The Bastion with you. Transistor is interesting because what happens is when you run out of health your active more that uses the most power breaks, and remains broken for two savepoints. This is quite a bit more interesting as the penalty for running out of health is that you have to temporarily change up your strategy. Which is quite a bit more interesting than a game over. I do not know what happens once all four of your powers are gone. I assume once that happens you do experience a game over situation.Enemy variety is a bit down from Bastion. However the actually variety in function of the enemies is up. This is likely because of the more tactical aspect of the game. The enemies can come together in a perfect harmony that will make you really need to think about how you are going to approach a situation, and they can really keep the pressure on. Another thing worth noting is the enemies level up with you, so as you progress enemies you've been seeing since your first encounter in the game will continue to stay as threatening as ever.Fans of Bastion also might remember praying to the gods to impose more challenge on the game in return for rewards. This happens as well in Transistor, however, it is mandatory. Occasionally when you level up, you are essentially given a choice as to how the game will get harder for you, with each option also having a corresponding reward. This system is very cool, however this does mean you cannot pile all of these challenges on at will like you can in Bastion, which some may not like. Overall though there almost two different uses of a similar system. Bastion is essentially turning on hardcore mode within the worlds lore for some rewards. Where Transistor is essentially saying ""Ok, the game is gonna get harder now, but you get a choice in how that happens."" Another nice thing is the rewards are all just unlock slots for your customizable build, and the none of the challenges are expressly harder so which choice is the most desrable all comes down to you. Causing you run into interesting situation where there slot you want might make the game harder in a way you find especially difficult.Overall, the combat's level of customization is staggering, from a technical standpoint Transistor is quite a bit more in-depth.The hub world: This is probably the only area where Transistor falls flat. They decided to include a hub world. In Bastion, The Bastion is where you deal with a lot of your upgrades, as well as getting little tidbits of the worlds lore, and selecting which level you would like to go to (including challenge levels). In Transistor all of those things, including the lore tidbits, are dealt with via leveling up, and the terminals you run into throughout the game which also work as save points (there is no level system). From a gameplay standpoint, the only reason this hub exists is for the challenge courses. You also cannot visit it whenever you'd like, doors to this, as I recall, unnamed place appear throughout your game, you will not know when. Because of this going there essentially becomes a pain. Where as in Bastion it just happened. Making any of the content there less appealing. I would rather have accesed the challenge courses from the terminal I access everything else in. There is also seemingly some things to do, a hammock to lie in, a ball to bounce, I ended up with a tamed version of one of the enemies. But I don't really know for certain because by half way through the game I stopped even going in when I saw a door open for it. Short and simple, it was a neat little area, it didn't need to exist, or it should have been easier to access. However, this is the only time where the design of the game feels anything short of well thought out and smart. The game would have lasted longer for me if it wasn't a chore to get to the bonus content. This also brings me to my next point.Game length: I beat the game at around 3.8-3.9 hours of playtime, a bit under what seems to be the average of 5. Don't get me wrong, it was a damn good 3.8 hours I don't regret. But there was easily the possibility for two other bosses, two at the least maybe even three, that would not have detracted from the experience if they existed the game even sort of lead me to believe I would encounter. Bastion's playtime was also longer because it invited me to experience it's extra content, whereas Transistor made me go out of my way to find it. Which is why I ended up skipping it largely.Artistic design stuff: This is largely subjective so I'll be brief and just mention some changes people might want to be aware of.The voice of Rucks, Logan Cunningham, returns. This had me worried that Transistor would be ""Bastion but different"" but he is not a narrator this time, and he is actually using a (somewhat) different voice. His role feels different enough from his role as Rucks that the game doesn't feel like ""Bastion but this time x is different"". Some may also find him less ""intrusive"" this time  although I doubt anyone who liked the amount he appeared in Bastion will find him particularly ""absent"" comparatively. Artstyle is kinda similar but different enough, it's nice seeing a cohesive world in this style and I'm sure plenty of people will be glad to find you cannot fall off the edge of the world this time. Music is just as good I'm running out of space theres a button to sing to your sword it's great games great I highly reccomend it."
,Not Recommended,237930,17391099,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,davidincostamesa,
76561198068738987,Recommended,237930,19995584,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,B3WM5T1CK,Best game of all time
76561197995712999,Recommended,237930,33384517,Posted: 8 July,all,HotDoge,gud
76561198011918360,Not Recommended,237930,33325815,Posted: 6 July,all,Corndruid,"I liked this game a lot. I really did. But for all the positive reviews saying ""amazing story"", this game never delivered for me. The entire time, it feels like the story is building up to some major reveal, but the tiny peeks you get into it are actually all there is. It seems like there is a whole amazing world they created and then left all but a few pieces out of the game. That made the ending (massive spoilers)especially bitter, because nothing is resolved, and the main character kills herself against the pleading of her lover and the player without accomplishing anything.If there was a different ending, or anything else that made it feel worthwhile, I would recommend this game wholeheartedly."
,Recommended,237930,32978011,Posted: 29 June,all,Acr0,9.5/10
76561198006408987,Recommended,237930,10894411,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Sanguis3k,"it is another game from the guys who made Bastionthey kept the amazing sound and soundtrack quality, beautiful art quality and interesting story that I was expecting after Bastion. this game is a little shorter and quite a lot different in gameplay style but these are both handled very well and the pacing is spot on so it is only to the games benefitget it and the soundtrack you will not be disappointed"
76561198084576950,Recommended,237930,33082273,Posted: 1 July,all,ZIEL X,Hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
76561198058255388,Recommended,237930,14484510,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,FC Kawaii Duck,A great combat system with a great story backed with a great soundtrack make this game one of the best i've ever played and very emotional too this is what i'd call a masterpiece.*spoilers* you'll cry.
,Recommended,237930,32996316,Posted: 29 June,all,Aldrich,Good strategic gameplay with awesome music and a quite good story. 10/10
76561198317296105,Recommended,237930,33095949,Posted: 1 July,all,Lyceum,"Pretty game,unpredictable but romantic ending.Totally a work of art.""No!!! I forbid you,Red!!! You still have Lunar to take care of!!!"""
,Recommended,237930,33092281,Posted: 1 July,all,One-Legged Greg,"Really good game. The mechanics do take almost the whole game to get a full grasp on, but the story's absolutely wonderful; the first half of the game just could've done a better job of introducing the characters and their backgrounds"
76561198048972806,Recommended,237930,17068212,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Oak Eye,If you liked Bastion you'll love this. SuperGiant have out done themselves. one of my top 5 games of all time. Highly recomend.
76561198052562356,Recommended,237930,14951694,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Habi,"Such a breath of fresh air compared to the same games coming out again and again.Great and unique gameplay, great setting, great story. Amazing game. Play it now."
,Recommended,237930,10274724,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,4RM3D [anime247],"If you like Bastion, you'll probably like Transistor also. It has the same atmosphere, but it has traded the fantasy-look for a more sci-fi-look. Another difference is the gameplay, which is quite unique and fun to play around with.WarningOne thing kinda annoyed me and that is the auto-save. You only have 1 save slot (excluding profiles) and no manual save. When entering a new area the game automatically saves. This can mess up your game severely. For example, I suddenly got into a boss fight, but I hadn't equipped all my skills properly as I was still experimenting. However you are stuck at the boss fight with no way to ""respec"" your skills or to reload the game to an earlier point.Also, if you want to explore everything, things could get nasty when you actually take the right path and the door slams shut behind you, with no way to explore the other paths.My advice is to regularly backup your save data in your Steam userdata folder."
,Recommended,237930,33205816,Posted: 3 July,all,BlueMuffin,one of the best games i've ever played
,Recommended,237930,32832475,Posted: 26 June,all,saksu,dope
76561197983182769,Recommended,237930,13462334,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Torreip,Refreshing
,Recommended,237930,20140035,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,catfartz,I'm only a few hours into this gamei waited till it went on sale bc i was cautiousbut this game is great its fun it has a story line that pulled me in immediately game mechanics that dont feel like the same old game with a new skin and the art work is simple and crazy pretty at the same timeand the soundtrack....if youre still trying to decide just go listen to the soundtrack its great
,Recommended,237930,32885577,Posted: 27 June,all,Orchestral Wallrus,Supergiant really knows how to make games.
,Recommended,237930,26915470,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,GreeN ♥,"Best Music,Best Gameplay,Best Story,Best Characters,Best Visuals,Best Game Evur"
,Recommended,237930,10200947,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Neon1024,"A visually stunning title combining action, puzzle and thinking. The abilities system which allows you to use each ability in three different ways along with being able to combine abilities keeps the game fresh and adds that extra dimension.Extremely well rounded, graphically superb for an isometric game coupled with good sound, music and voiceovers really make this game stand out."
,Recommended,237930,24515917,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,T.A.,Amazing game and storyline! Would recommend it for the female protagonist and the soundtracks :D
,Recommended,237930,23861805,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Greator17,"Breathtaking, beautiful game with awesome music and a great story. (-:"
,Recommended,237930,10921419,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,cafe con leche,sword keeps u company! :)
,Recommended,237930,28114120,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Olaffff,"What's so good about this game?well...pretty much everything really.amazing ilustrations and artstyle, dinamically changes projection styles and frequently for the sake of illustrating the world even better and at that; an amazing setting, AND soundtrack!super fun and frantic rpg styled combat with tons of experimenting and building if you are the kind of guy that spends too much time making characters in RPG games.a unique style for how the game lays out and tells its narrative, even better than bastion, for example:one of the protagonists is the one doing the narration in real time, commenting and giving his opinion on what you do and what happens in the story in real time.really my only complaint is that i didn't pay full price for the game, Its just so good!get it if you enjoy interactive story telling (aka, videogames) with a slight touch of niche uniqueness or if you enjoyed bastion atleast slightly. (or Yes/10)"
,Recommended,237930,26952988,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Where's my Laundry Sauce,"While the gameplay itself isn't the most enticing, the story and voice acting are so nice to listen to.Some parts of the story are pretty vague, so you'll have to read up on it out of the game. But all in all a nice game. Though currently, while it's 20$ i'd wait for a sale. Took me a while to finish the game, and not gametime - just from long periods of leaving it cause i'm not enjoying the action.Gameplay  7/10Story          9/10"
,Recommended,237930,10191971,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,TwistedKestrel,"Spiritual sequel to Bastion, obviously with the addition of turn-based...turn-fighting...ness. The art and soundtrack of the game is a major draw for me. Also you can press Tab to hum. 10/10"
,Recommended,237930,20278863,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Norf Lundon,Why is this review empty? Words can't describe how good this game is.
76561198031765203,Recommended,237930,33780259,Posted: 24 July,all,SleepThieff,"Quick Shot: Transistor is good - but it is no Bastion.Transistor's art and music are clearly the prize, while its story development and environments are clearly the burdens.Transistor is a fine piece of artwork - but Bastion is a masterpiece."
,Recommended,237930,13671202,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Bagame,"Everything you want from great indie masterpieces from graphics , musics , gameplay and story.All in top notch and even more you can ask from small developer.If their last game like 'Bastion' still make you doubt about their talents , 'Transistor' is solid prove that their success is not a mere luck and this 'Silent Testimony' is a real deal from them to reckon with."
,Recommended,237930,24072139,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,gabrielagbbogo,this game is amazing
76561198045198880,Recommended,237930,15168682,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Maegil,"In a gorgeousserverworld of art deco and programming metaphors, theresocial networkedlived a red-headed singer, and all was good.One day, some rather inepthackersterrorists decided to take on Mephisto's bet and say: ""stay a while, oh moment; you are so beautiful"". Despite their good intentions (of which hell is full), Mephisto won; now theAI processesdemonic hordes are unbound,memory leaksdragons are loose, and thecrashend is nigh.Worse of all, our singer can sing no more. This is personal. Someone is going to pay!"
,Recommended,237930,17654753,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Dean Earwicker,"Not too long of a game, but towards the end I found it a little repetitive. Beautiful art, great sound and music...just a little underwhelming. It says I have 12.7 hours, but i may have real game time of about 8 hours, that is tim ewhen I actually played and it wasn't idle.Get it when it's under 10 bucks and you can't go wrong."
76561198050452572,Recommended,237930,24050356,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Utopium,"One might call Transitor a game, but its so much more.Its story. Its art. Its love. It is a masterpiece"
,Recommended,237930,18272456,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,ToadyBogard,"Lemme just give you a small rundown of pros and cons:Pros:+Beautiful soundtrack+Scenery just as beautiful+Can increase difficulty with 'limiters'.+Great plotCons:-A bit repetitive.-Enemies are repetitive.-Plot is a bit shallow if you don't pay attention to it.- It's kind of short.I'll admit, the first time I played this game I was confused and didn't know how to do things ingame, but then you learn how to and you're blazing through like a champ. Once you learn how certain enemies work and their various abilities, it's not hard to scamper to safety. (Jaunt will save your life more than once, I will tell you that much.)Plot is a bit shallow, sure. But honestly? It's not that shallow if you look more into it. It's basically about a group called the Camerata, their main goal is to keep control over the city of Cloudbank. They create pretty much a brush to make Cloudbank their canvas, the Transistor. With it, they begin taking out various people and testing out it's capabilities. One of their targets, a singer named Red was to be attacked but an unnamed person (Which, we can assume was Red's lover if you watch the credits roll.) defends her and is transferred into the Transistor himself. Now the two must stop the Camerata and the Process from destroying Cloudbank.I'll admit, the game is not everyone's cup of tea or whatever beverage you might like. No problems here, but please give this game a chance. Supergiant deserves so much praise for their great work and future endeavors."
,Recommended,237930,32743680,Posted: 24 June,all,7 SPOOK DAD,not bad
,Recommended,237930,32764279,Posted: 25 June,all,BaronBrixius,"I suck at this game and barely getting through fights on the skin of my teeth, but I enjoy it!-Music is beautiful and really something I could listen to for hours.--It's one of the few games whose stories I've actually got into.---Gameplay is puzzley and actiony at the same time and I think it mixes very well.----I love that there are so many combinations of functions.-----Ball!"
,Recommended,237930,10401228,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,bread,"I don't even know what to say, this game is perfect play it"
,Recommended,237930,10183042,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Bogus,"Was alright. i guess..a bit short, and confusing - story was confusing, the skills and how they worked a bit confusing to the point just you just use whatever. The matrix mode made no sense since half the time i just ran out of range and auto spammed aoe or that purge skill so i didnt have to sit there waiting for bar to recharge without jaunt talent, overall it was better not to use that freeze time action mode, i guess it was an option. yeah short game overall i can only remember 3 bosses. and like 3 hrs of gameplay maybe 5 hrs if you finish NG+. *shrugs. 20$ i guess acceptable. decent love story."
,Recommended,237930,14475233,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Chavo,my favourite game as of now. really fun gameplay with lots of different play styles possible & plenty of replayability. great soundtrack. the story is really good and definitely had the effect on me i think it was meant to. theres some lgbta+ representation in too although none of it is super blatant. really good game and definitely get it if you have the money
,Recommended,237930,21374751,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,megaericzero,recommend()
76561198012650407,Recommended,237930,11265889,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Crypt Kiddie,"Red grabs you by the hand and takes you on a journey. I love the way she sings! The RPG mechanics are interesting and different but by the time I felt like I was getting the hang of them, the game was over."
76561198088418375,Recommended,237930,32878274,Posted: 27 June,all,Trashcan,Beautiful game. Worth getting at the moment since its at -85% for sure
,Recommended,237930,10644178,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Obi,"First Impressions: If you loved the weird, beautiful, unique, amazingness that was Bastion, this game is for you!"
,Recommended,237930,32650397,Posted: 22 June,all,Aperow,"This game is beautiful, has an interesting combat system and the musics... OH MY GLOB THE MUSICS !"
,Recommended,237930,32663621,Posted: 22 June,all,PsycH0515,This game is hauntingly beautiful and the soundtrack is great. The combat mechanic is very interesting and I had a blast playing around with all the different combinations.
,Recommended,237930,32664448,Posted: 22 June,all,Velkrin,Enjoyable
76561198080177378,Recommended,237930,32657211,Posted: 22 June,all,PrototypetwOmni,"High expectations were exceeded--I love the combat and skill system, artistic presentation, and difficulty level."
76561198037516530,Recommended,237930,32663656,Posted: 22 June,all,Barren,"Beautiful game. Lovely, morose story. Awesome vibes. Combat system is awesome."
,Recommended,237930,32671275,Posted: 23 June,all,Bloodied,"I need more games like this, with lovely art and sound worth listening to."
76561198368475403,Recommended,237930,32672959,Posted: 23 June,all,Kit,10/10! Been humming for hours now.
76561197987303040,Recommended,237930,14801902,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Luis,Just buy it
76561198391491638,Recommended,237930,32873521,Posted: 27 June,all,Piranhay,"FascinatingI strongly recommend,  not just because its worth its price, but you would be less if you didnt try it."
,Recommended,237930,32877091,Posted: 27 June,all,Jake,A compelling narrative with a soundtrack to die for. The actual gameplay almost takes a back seat to the immersive hourney of Transistor.
76561198339391817,Recommended,237930,32880112,Posted: 27 June,all,The Unknown Games Lover,Great PlotGreat GameplayMany SkillsSimple but awesome
,Recommended,237930,32877428,Posted: 27 June,all,JitterGlitch,Awesome game!
76561198014976778,Recommended,237930,10225512,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Bad_Idea,"Transistor... Transistor... what can i say?It's amazing, a work of art,From the artstyle to the music and the lore - Transistor is perfect.You play as Red, a young singer who has just been saved from her death by a mysterious man, now trapped in the sword known as the Transistor. With the Transistor in her hands she sets out to find the ones responsible.But what in the end, do they have control over what is happening?+Extremely well-made art style.+Amazing (I do use this word a lot) sountrack.+Clever combat system.+Intriguing story.+Fluid controls, works well on a keyboard.+Easy to learn, hard to master.+-A little on the shorter side at 8 hours (all of which i played in a single sitting, what can i say; it keeps you glued to the edge of your seat).+-Enemy variety gets a little low at times, however, they change the properties of existing enemies to give you more challenge.I am going to have to give this game 10/10 Functions.See you in the Country.end()"
,Recommended,237930,29277973,Posted: 15 January,all,Foreverseeking,"An amazing sound track, original and stunning graphics and fun gameplay and yet somehow it never quite grabbed me like how Bastion hooked me in. I can't quite put my finger on it, but then again I never really quiet put my finger on my I loved bastion. Still a highly enjoyable game that can be recommended for people who want a beautiful 2D romp!"
,Recommended,237930,14816670,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Dolphin Syndrome,"This game is incredible. A great RTS system that's just difficult enough to you keep coming back for more. Excellent soundtrack, unique graphics, very fun and customizable gameplay.My only issue is that the story is kind of confusing at the beginning of the game and into the middle."
76561198064561267,Recommended,237930,27325311,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Favouritism ❤ ain't my thing,"In my opinion it is the best game that was ever made , the visual ascpects of the game are just gorgeus, music is touching every pice of my soul and the story makes me tremble. It is only game that made my cry because of Red and how easily it is to empathize with her and her lover...Overall I think theonly flaw that game has is that developers didn't make sequel ;___;"
76561198025198203,Recommended,237930,20961504,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Charlemagne,Good game
76561198074644085,Recommended,237930,20058764,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,AfroSpaceJesus,"One of the more interesting games I've had the pleasure of playing. The gameplay itself is inferior to it's counterpart, Bastion. Yet the story is invigorating all the same, and the narration is simply the best I've ever heard. Seriously, whoever voices these games needs to sit at my bedside and read me stories at night. The soundtrack is also a whopping 10/10, I even remember downloading a couple songs onto my iPod a couple years ago. The overall experience of the game was adequate; I played it long enough to beat it and enjoy it thoroughly, but I can't fight the feeling that if the developers spent as much time tweaking the game's combat system (abilities, movement, etc.) as they did creating the exhilerating world with the artwork and the music and the emotion poured into each character, they would truly have a masterpiece in their hands. Nonetheless, I do recommend buying this game, as it is often times found on sale (I got it for $5).Thumbs up. ;)"
,Recommended,237930,28727334,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Evilous,decent gameplay with excellent art design and soundtrack.  The story does have alot of plotholes and a bad ending. The game is very short. It's good for having nothing to do for 2-4 hours
,Recommended,237930,32236444,Posted: 7 June,all,miezkatz,"Transistor amalgamates incredible art, sound and story with engaging gameplay. It's hard to pinpoint which aspect of the game shines the brightest when everything is so well thought out and sincere.The gameplay is surprisingly profound with diverse approaches to its semi-turn based features. The balancing act between planned and real time combat is managed by providing enough abilities adjustable depending on the preferred playstyle. Through level ups and occasional finds the player obtains Functions that each can be used to either gain an active skill, modify an active skill or provide a passive boost. Restricting factors in composing a build is the available Memory, which acts as a permanent action point system. To clarify, only the amount and quality of Functions that can be assembled is restricted, not the combat itself. Although the range of enemies is sparse, they gain new upgrades throughout the game and gradually increase in difficulty. Optionally, the game offers Limiters that on activation further pose a challenge with a small experience benefit.Set in an alternate sci-fi reality, the peculiarities of the world seem intriguing and alienating at the same time. Cloudbank, the city it all takes place in, looks stunning. Its vibrant colours, interspersed with gold-plated Klimt patterns, are striking yet warm and glowing. Interrupting the scenery are a few select artworks which are across the board beautiful to look at.Melancholic music, sung by the protagonist Red, and devoted narration by the Transistor, the talking sword of Red, are the two main story assets of Transistor. The tale of these two characters unfolds and reveals a tragedy. While in the beginning the Transistor seems to be unnecessarily chatty, the voice actors' sublime performance soon proofs to be the most powerful and captivating narration conceivable.Above all, Transistor is a precious and heartfelt ARPG experience."
,Recommended,237930,16613505,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Yarg,"Very cool designed game, and pretty interesting gameplay. Though, later it becomes boring."
76561198092174934,Recommended,237930,33201185,Posted: 3 July,all,Soupy Agoo,A piece of art. And currently a very cheap piece of art. Buy this piece of art for your gallery and admire it for it is worthy of your admiriation.
,Recommended,237930,19903996,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Darkmoon Knightess,Really interesting story and tough gameplay
,Recommended,237930,11576058,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,JGRNT,"After Bastion, I had high expectations for Transistor. Supergiant did not dissapoint. I was very pleased with this game. Here are some highlights :- Absolutely beautiful and captivating world- Unique combat system that allows variety and is very fun to use- Awesome commentary, much like Bastion- Excellent story line- Has REPLAY VALUE()- A decent play time (I finished my first playthrough at about 6 hours )In short, Supergiant games : You did an excellent job with this game. I was very pleased. PLEASE keep them coming. You have my support."
,Recommended,237930,13720229,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Donaldus Rex,I enjoy it.
,Recommended,237930,31623492,Posted: 8 May,all,𒂷𒂉𒆠𒉘𒈪𒂷,its good
76561198032600860,Recommended,237930,11542660,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Soloeus,"This game is great.  The world resembles Shadowrun: Returns in aesthetic elements.  The voice dialogue and soundtrack is phenomonal. The gameplay takes a bit of getting used to, and is easy to learn. I reccomend this game to anybody who likes Action, Adventure, RPG, Strategy/Tactics gaming.11/10."
76561198051474074,Recommended,237930,16672759,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Malecord,"I thought it was a Bastion clone. I was wrong. It's way better.Don't misunderstand, I liked Bastion. The idea of the narrator is cool and the game art is something nice too. It's just that I don't super like it. The gameplay especially. I felt it a little slow.So when I came to transistor I was somewhat scared I would like it for the art/music but not so much for the gameplay. But indeed this is not a clone. You can recognize the style which is unique to SuperGiants ofc. But the game actually plays quite differently and the combat mechanics are another story than those in Bastion.The idea of battleplans is crazily good. It alternates phases of pure speed with phases of... well, planning. So you don't have the time to get stressed of running around overwhelmed by hordes of enemies nor you have time to get bored by all that turn-like combat planning. They alternates. And they actually interact with each other so that when you run around waiting for transistor to recharge you think of how to take time and where to go to start your battleplan. And viceversa when you are battleplanning you will be forced to think what will you do afterwards when the time starts to flow again. It's just a perfect mix. A great design idea. Chapeau to the devs."
76561198071240966,Recommended,237930,34349987,Posted: 19 August,all,Vas,OH MY GOD THE MUSIC IN THIS GAME
,Recommended,237930,20949024,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,aruvin,"Transistor, developed by Supergiant Games & Released on  May 20, 2014. According to Metacritic(http://www.metacritic.com/game/pc/transistor), it's ranked:#30 Best PC Game of 2014#49 Most Discussed PC Game of 2014#97 Most Shared PC Game of 2014It's not often that you get to hear about indie game's making it into the spotlight or having set a particular standard@benchmark for it's genre/for a particular gaming market. Transistor is one of the many indie games which deserves recognition. A testiment to it's genre of what indie games are capable of. and more to come.I've never completed Bastion but the game is still fresh in my memory because of it's unique gaming experience. The narrator. The story. With the same formula, now comes Transistor. It is a RPG, set in the distant future where you play as a female character known as Red. You're wielding a mysterious swordlike object which happens to be the narrator for your entire journey. You will uncover the truth/secrets on what's happening around you and to the town.The controls are easy to master. The visuals are okay to me. What stands out the most is it's art syle. I am not sure how to describe it, plain, odd and yet pretty. From monster design to each character/ability profile.LoreThe game offers lore on the abilities you pick up from certain characters. In order to unlock the character's background information, you will be forced to use these abilities differently; active skill, secondary skill or as a passive skill - and this will change your style of play.Other than that, you will also have to choose limiters. Limiters are another set of passive skills which comes with a trade off. You get additional exp for a handicap in battle throughout the game. For example; You gain 4% more exp but The enemies will strike with twice as much power. User will overload more Functions at once and recover only one per Access Point for an additional 4% exp. This will certainly make the game even more challenging. The good news is that, you are able to disable the limiters.The MechanicsAt a glance, it looks like diablo/neverwinter nights type of gameplay. You have a hero with 4 active skill. That's on the surface, the fast action side on the battle. Transistor introduces turn - a mode where you will are able to enter and plan out your moves within the given bar? This is a unique mode which requires strategic planning; to maximize the moves with the allocated bar. or just for plain escape.In transistor, once you lose all 4 active skill, you die@lose that particular level of the game. You have to replay that part of level. If you survived a battle with remaining 2 active skill, you're stuck with them until you come across the next panel. There is no such thing as health potion therefore making each battle more RTS like. You can't go blazing around like in diablo. Most of the time, you will be required to use turn to plan and execute your moves.Enemy AIEach enemy was designed differently and they are smart. A mixture of different enemy types is enough to kill you -without proper planning. It can feel punisable at certain point of the game but that's just because we are not equiping the right skill for that combat. If it's too hard, just swtich off the limiters and plan your attacks using turn. Bringing in big guns@skills with takes up a lot of points, doesn't guarantee your success rate.The StoryTransistor uses the narrator to motivate you to go through the game. On theory, this should work however I find that the pacing is off due to it's design. That was what put me off from Bastion. After a battle, you suddenly find a hidden backdoor, after a battle you suddely let red rest/take shower. The pacing was off for me but I pushed on because I wanted to know Red's relationship with the man in the transistor. When the answer was obvious, I wanted to know how this would end. What happens to the Town and it's people?My Summary:Transistor is a creative product. Despite having a linear story and with little replay value, the combat system is fun where it allows users to mix & match their skills and work things out. The journey was worthit.I went through numeruous battles & deaths, took the puzzles and had a major annoying boss fight. What I got was a poweful, worthwhile & bittersweet ending. So far, only 2 games have left me with such strong impression & none of them are from AAA game titles. On the scale of 0 - 10, my personal rating for Transistor is a 8/10."
,Recommended,237930,10182566,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Smatislav,"Beautiful visuals, haunting music, captivating narration and intelligent gameplay perfectly blend together to form a masterly achievement, a truly immersive Action-RPG.Great game, check it out!"
,Recommended,237930,10182832,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,a-type,"Really incredible atmosphere, story and voice work. Legitimately touching at times. Absolutely satisfying in that sense. The combat is pretty interesting too- a clever mix of action and strategy with a ton of depth in terms of ability customization. The only trouble is/was that, on launch day, the game seemed to hang for 1-2 seconds every minute or so. I'm sure the issues will be sorted out shortly, and SuperGiant has been responsive in the community forums on the issue."
,Recommended,237930,10182728,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Sillron,"Got around 4 hours of play so far, good lots of fun, crashes occationally though. Hoping the patch that was just released fixes that."
,Recommended,237930,10182880,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Zkkaluza,"Very high quality - if you liked Bastion you'll like this. I would say it's basically Bastion but better. Combat is very thoughtful and fun, upgrade paths are not set in stone and there's a massive variety of skills that can be performed. The visuals/audio are very good, and the story is interesting. It feels quite short to me though, I've already finished it in only 4 hours (and I wasn't going for a speed run or anything)."
76561197993958470,Recommended,237930,10182793,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Sergalius,"One more Epicness from Creators of Bastion. Buy it. And listen your Soul's Song. She will bring the Light in this deadly world.Go on Kid,sorry. Red.Journey begins."
,Recommended,237930,10182540,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,PHOENIX,"A little over an hour into the game and it definitely meets my expectations. it plays better than i had originally expected. the battle system is fast paced and quite addictive! The narration is super, the artwork is phenomenal and the music is just heavenly. Supergiant Games have outdone themselves again and just like with Bastion have proved the power and ambition of Indie Devs. Looking forward to the rest of the game."
76561198067727415,Recommended,237930,10182504,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,StellaPotato,"NOTE this is honestly a review of bastion and transistor in terms of how appealing the game is.I will do a sperate review of bastion and edit the one i think i have up.well. call me a gassbag. because this game left me floating into video game heaven.that's callback to super giants previous game, Bastionbut lets stay on track ,Transistorlemme break it down for you.at its core transistor can seem daunting from first view. looking at the game play might even seem confusing but it couldn't be simpler to understand and its simple design yet elegant implementation make it outstandingly versatile .every ability you get has main move by itself which can then be tweak based on other skills you chose to equip as a way of modding the move your using actively.theirs  even a passive form of every skill.all in all its alot of combat potential and its also how the lore gets unlockedyeah lore through combat complexityits downright mesmerizingnot that it leaves the story empty if you don't mix it up enough to unlock the backstory lore the moves each come with.the game fleshes itself out wonderfullyits story sets pace that picks up all in the right spots and greets you with intrigue and beauty at the door and that stays with you for all of the journey.the bad guys quickly become people with human faces and a very un villain like approach  to the world they live.its a masterpiece tale of people at its core.the main characterREDdoesn't really talk at all and that's just fine.for though she is silent protagonist,shes given life by her actions which you are controlling of coursebut narrative is provided your sword.its got well timed witty remarks against the enemies you face and poses questions about the events unfolded with believable emotion and curiosity and a bit of vengeance.and like their last gamebastionTransistor sets its self apart in terms of art and sound.color is used in way that is just sublime and its every neon steam punk/sci fi lovers dream.the articulate in this game is good ive stood there for hours admiring its work and design.it may be one of the most pleasing games ever made in terms of art appeal.and the soundsevery sound dropped its right on the money.perfectly timedand the soundtrackbrought to us by the talented daren korb. the man behind bastions soundtracks as well does an amazing job of giving us an outstanding performanceits a credit to his talent and passionbastion and transistor are very different games in terms of the life they exist inrequiring very different feels and emotions to their sounddaren delivers on all accountsand of course the narrative of the sworddone by logan cunningham the narrator behind bastiondelivers an excellent performancehis voice is lined with believable emotionsand you quickly forget its just guys voice for game and often want to  ask the narrated questions.basicallyhe does his job so well you can easily crave conversation with this character in a game.and againartist jen zee from bastion comes into transistor mesmerizes  our eyes with an astounding use of color depth and shadesmovement is fluid and just looks amazingits really hard to put into words how transistor feelsjust like bastionthis game has heart and soul and mind full of question and ready to enchant you with its tales of life in its little worldif your looking for a game full of art,music,story and game play that's  full of soul and passions and served to you like yummy cappuccino brimming over an elegant well made cupthese games are for you."
,Recommended,237930,10182821,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Sexlexia,Excatly what I expected from a the creators of Bastion. If you are a fan of SRPG'S and ARPG's then this is a must buy. A bit short but the new game plus adds layers to the combat.
,Recommended,237930,24833226,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Argo,Its a beutiful weird♥♥♥♥♥game and I love it for that
,Recommended,237930,24364456,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Screw,Wonderful game.
,Recommended,237930,31007267,Posted: 7 April,all,Mary(西欧鱼塘抓鱼模式),"got this with 80%off , 13cny(2$) it worths"
,Recommended,237930,32649082,Posted: 22 June,all,squamus maximus,good♥♥♥♥♥game
,Recommended,237930,13460073,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Irrelevant2you,40% beautifully crafted world with strange hostile creatues and a mysterious group that took your voice.60% Kirby combat crafting.100% Style.
,Recommended,237930,20821664,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Good Boy,I don't have the words to describe how good this game isJust buy it(yes the soundtrack is worth)
,Recommended,237930,10195871,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Player.-,"GENERALWhat's really weird about this game is the  fact that it doesn't have a main menu - it just drops you right into the game. You have different profiles, but the game automatically saves and reloads where you last saved whenever you start the game.The game has a slow start at first, though you quickly pick up extra Functions and add more versatility to your playstyle.FUNCTIONS(abilities):You get quite a few Functions; some you get via story, others via levelling up. Since you can equip every Function in an active, upgrade or passive slot, you have quite a few combinations available; though most functions have the same effect on almost every function, it can change your playstyle considerably. This comes to show later into the game, when you need to plan more carefully or else you die like a ♥♥♥♥♥, like I did. But instead of losing the game the second you lose your HP, you keep losing functions until you've lost all you have - survive the fight, and you'll take 2 save points to recover the ones you lost. Through this feature I changed my build and learned to appreciate Functions I never used. However, even at the final level, it feels like you are rather limited in the amount of Functions you get; You have 4 Active slots; you can unlock a total of 2 Upgrade slots for each as well as 4 passive slots. I've never managed to fill all the slots up.What I really miss here is a proper dodge function. You have a Function that takes care of it, but it has a long after-cast delay that you cannot really rely on it for anything other than Turn()Oh, that's another thing I haven't mentioned. Welp, you can plan your moves and attacks in a strategic mode. The problem? You're virtually useless for a few seconds afterwards, unless you have a survival ability or upgrade an attack function with the dash Function. Forgot its name.GRAPHICS:The visuals are stunning and flow quite well most of the time. My main complaint is that the character model seems to move a bit awkwardly. Then there are also cutscenes which are supposed to reveal crucial events of the story, that are shown simply as a still image with parts that are barely moving. So that's a letdown; especially when they're coupled with the Trailer music. You'd think it'd be epic or more action packed, only to get a very slow moving image.MUSIC:The music is amazing; though the tower song seems a bit too repetitive for my taste.STORY:Story is nice overall, though I'd say everything escalates all too quickly. You're dropped into the game and only later learn the circumstances surrounding you obtaining the Transistor; which is fine. What I do not like is that you fight just about two bosses and you're already retracing your steps back to the beginning and get to the finale. Supergiant Games' previous title had a lot more levels full of small things that enriched the story, and boss-like instances when it came to that. Here the environment does not really complete the story that well, aside from the terminals, which are quite heart-breaking towards the end. Bastion would take different turns, too, not just ""Start at point A, reach point B, go back to point A; visit point C. VOILA! You beat the game."" I was seriously hoping the game would have been a bit longer than Bastion and that the story would be more fleshed out, but nope. Though it feels quite rushed, it's still enjoyable nonetheless.PERFORMANCE ISSUES:I have a PC that's well above the requirements yet I experience quite a few bugs and random freezes. Hopefully they'll fix this in a future patch.FINAL VERDICT:It's a good game. Personally I'd give it a 7 or 8 out of 10. Had it been just a little longer story-wise and a bit more fleshed out, it would've been amazing and well worth the price. Right now, it just feels like I did not get quite what I paid for. Sure, good for casual fun, but didn't really touch me as much as Bastion did. Maybe wait till it's on sale?"
76561198113195226,Recommended,237930,26968770,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Many dog,The art direction of this game is pure magic.
,Recommended,237930,13508277,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,™ Æñç,Give us a bash. Bangers and mash.  Hmmm  deliciously great game.
,Recommended,237930,25470764,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Dusksirlink,"If you like good music, a good story and interesting combat, highly recommended you buy this game.  I beat the game in four hours, but there is TONS of replayability(if my hours are low, I played through the game during an internet outage)"
,Recommended,237930,16535737,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,❤ ShcroUs,Excellent game with excellent graphics and multiplayer and the soundtrack just awesome but about the story and say nothing (simply awesome). Council to all those who can not decide to buy it or not
76561197969952908,Recommended,237930,14788032,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Cereal Monstah,"One of the best RTS ""turn"" button masher game I've played to date. More so than Diablo iii before the DLC.Minimalistic storyline (go figures with Dark Souls style), with a gorgeous art-noveaue inspired/steampunk artdirection to match. Combat is geared towards using the turn system instead of a free-action mayhem fight(Diablo III??)Really enjoyed it. Well worth the sale price and well worth the time spent. However, a minor discord with thegame though..... the ending. Why?????!!!! ...9/10"
76561198006230484,Recommended,237930,10199370,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,pH. Bidoof,i liked it
,Recommended,237930,31371282,Posted: 26 April,all,Khlorghaal,The most beautiful 2d game I've played.Very fun mechanics that are innovative in multiple ways.Great story and voice acting.
,Recommended,237930,28937686,Posted: 2 January,all,Physean Ascendant,"Definitely one of the best games I've played. The artstyle is absolutely beautiful, the combat is really interesting and fun. Soundtrack fits the game great.  Story is awesome."
,Recommended,237930,28944912,Posted: 2 January,all,Scourge of The Universe,"Like Bastion, this is a greate game, really, really worth to buy and enjoy. 9/10"
76561197994830012,Recommended,237930,28947971,Posted: 2 January,all,Lia Lüdsvelt,Great storyline!Amazing gameplay!Managed to finished the whole game in 3-4 hours with breaks in between with 0 deaths.8.2/10
,Recommended,237930,20047382,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,HYBRID,"Great musics, amazing graphics, incredible storyline and a fabulous game! That's all what I'm lookin for!"
,Recommended,237930,13684949,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,movies gave me scabies,Literally 2014 GOTY
,Recommended,237930,10191273,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Kunstbanause,!
,Recommended,237930,11514597,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Warnek,Incredible game! You have to try it!!!
,Recommended,237930,14815524,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Lionarith,Its a bit depressing. But still a great atmosphere and well executed.
,Recommended,237930,35275844,Posted: 28 September,all,YUR.MUM.IS.MY.BISH,oh my ♥♥♥♥ing god. its amazing its a-♥♥♥♥ing-mazing. i feel touched by the gods i got it on sale its worth full price. just buy it.
76561198143605689,Recommended,237930,35278895,Posted: 28 September,all,lilyizanutt,"the sound great, fun strategy, badass female"
76561198077262574,Recommended,237930,29499209,Posted: 26 January,all,Anime Grill (◕‿◕✿),brilliant and fresh in every way
,Recommended,237930,16517533,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Blackbaldrik,"I will start by saying: This is a very good game with excellent story telling, and it is well worth its full price.Now for the good and bad:(The Bad) The gameplay is a bit dull in the beginning of the game, it doesn't do a great job of explaining the mechanics, and the second boss is a huge letdown in my opinion...But!(The Good) The Story and Art-Design are both absolutely fantastic, and carry this game very,verywell, and the gameplay gets considerably better once you start to be given choices on how you want to build your kit.Despite its few flaws, Transistor is without a doubt a game that everyone should experience.  It is a piece of art."
76561198058854579,Recommended,237930,28073195,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,HALB3,Strange but good
76561198145256791,Recommended,237930,26416103,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,WowCraft,"Awsome soundtrack, still listening to it after finishing the game. You can upgrade your weapons with other weapons to acquire different passives and create your own fighting style. It was really fun to explore all the possibilities :)"
,Recommended,237930,35060415,Posted: 19 September,all,JohnnyBravoDosPampas,yeah
,Recommended,237930,35065416,Posted: 19 September,all,Bafficus,Excellent Game
76561198215973039,Recommended,237930,33286685,Posted: 5 July,all,zszentpeteri,"Best game ever, good story and fight mechanik. Must buy."
,Recommended,237930,35354667,Posted: 30 September,all,Savage Potato ★Farmskins.com★,Nice.
76561198075087791,Recommended,237930,32961436,Posted: 28 June,all,The Great and Powerful Buscemi,b e s t
76561198314247379,Recommended,237930,32848966,Posted: 27 June,all,lazyxxts,音乐和画面相当出色配合上男主的磁性的旁白声，游戏过程实在享受，游戏性很强上手容易，优惠5元价非常值得！
76561198015508649,Recommended,237930,30398716,Posted: 8 March,all,Th3Jok3r,"Really fun game. Very fun and innovative combat system, it allows a lot of experimentation and caters for a lot of different playstyles. Similar to Bastion, the narration and music in the game is GREAT. After finishing the game, I couldn't wait to get my hands on the OST. It also looks really great, very great art."
76561198029751280,Recommended,237930,34008041,Posted: 3 August,all,SoLiDSoNiC,i liked it
,Recommended,237930,10375761,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,MrHrulgin,"It's absolutely wonderful. Worth playing, absolutely."
,Recommended,237930,29072791,Posted: 6 January,all,melonbeton,Radiant
76561198003380651,Not Recommended,237930,21048641,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,beyondtool,I loved the music and the isometric view is well put together. Unfortuantely I could not stand the incessant AI dribbling commentary every 3 seconds. It drove me completely to distraction like an itch I couldn't scratch. So there two hours in I lost the complete drive to finish this game.
76561197977449874,Not Recommended,237930,10927789,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Spaßbremse,"I really really wanted to like this game, as Bastion is truly a work of art, but this game is not.The narrator doesn't do enough to fill in the gaps while running around, the gameplay is repetitive and insipid, the terminals with lore break the flow of the game, the plot of the game is told in vague, sporadic chunks that just aren't fulfilling or engaging, and the challenge maps return from Bastion, but now there's no reason to do them.If I can give one major thumbs up it's to the atmospheric soundtrack by Darren Korb, but ultimately he couldn't save this boring game from itself."
76561198056555165,Not Recommended,237930,13258509,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,lehestro,"I'm going to play devi's advocate here and say this game was a let down. Is it graphically beautiful? Yes. Is the soundtrack fantastic? Yes. Does it create a great atmosphere, uh huh. It is also the most mind-numbingly linear game I have played in a long, long time. Point A to Point B to Point C, with very little in between. Don't bother trying to explore this beautiful world, cuz there is no place to explore. The story is ok. It's not great, but not bad. The fighting system is cool, but feels hollow when all you do is, again, move forward, fight, move forward, fight. And the fighting is fun, but to me, feels rote after not too long.I loved, loved Bastion, so had high hopes for this game, but I found myself not really wanting to play it after about 2 hours. I'd say buy it if it's on sale for like $8, but definitely don't pay the $20 full price. An admirable but ultimately pretty boring outing from Supergiant."
,Recommended,237930,10180617,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Masayuki,"Godo game,  nice art style and music.  nice change of pace from my usual, Turn based stratedy or RTS,  A guy does need to give his head a break sometimes.  A solid +-90"
76561197993078765,Not Recommended,237930,10919196,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Ursan,"Very interesting game. Gameplay consists of combat against preset foes upon entering sections of a map. Exploration is not really important, but it will help find some additional story and gameplay. Combat is in two phases, real time action with a set of up to 4 skills, and pause-and-plan using the same 4 actions. During pause-and-plan you have an energy bar and each of your moves takes a different cost.You have four types of character upgrade options, each of which is chosen from a growing set of techs/souls, earned by leveling up and through the story. The options are actions, action modifiers, passive modifiers and limiters. Each tech/soul has a theme to it: pet, heal, poison, ect. Additional story is unlocked by using each tech/soul in each available upgrade type. I think this portion of the game could have been improved using voice acting instead of reading.The combat was interesting to begin with and stayed challenging throughout, but I didn't enjoy it as much as the combat in Bastion. It felt like each round of combat was a puzzle, but that I was forced to defend myself without defense abilities during the down time between pause-and-plan phases.The stand-alone challenge levels were fun, but a bit repetitive. The game shined in story and atmosphere despite a lack of depth or length. Knowing what I knw now, I probably wouldn't buy it again, but I would buy the soundtrack."
76561198148997598,Not Recommended,237930,12818292,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,The Iconoclast,"A textbook case of trying too hard. I hoped I'd have learned by now that when the vast majority of user reviews cites a game's story as a strong point without any concrete supporting reasons, it typically means that the story is, in actuality, flawed and whatever quality makes it that way is masked by other elements of the game such as music, atmosphere, visuals and other story-enhancing elements that aren't actually part of the story.It's not hard to see why a lot of people would like this game. The skill system is incredibly clever in its simplicity, variety and potency. It's the only game I've ever played where I haven't found a single skill to be useless or ineffective. This system alone merits praise and hopefully future emulation. The visuals are enchanting and the score haunting and every other superficial and mechanical element is in place to make someone enjoy this game...but beyond that is where things fall apart.The mystery of the story stretched all the way into my apathy as by the time the world revealed itself sufficiently, I had long stopped caring. It's not impossible to successfully push the exposition of a mystery all the way to the end, but there needs to be adequate engagement in the interim and SuperGiant did not provide. All they gave was an empty world with only the skeletons of characters, minimally fleshed out and ultimately not meriting sympathy or interest.Worst of all, the conflict made ZERO sense. *PSEUDO-SPOILER* High ranking public servants from the ""government"" plot to imprison influential, celebrity figures with the goal of abolishing a capricious democracy that renders their work meaningless. *END SPOILER* Are you kidding me? Government drones have an existential crisis and accidentally destroy a city? They should've known when they took their posts that government is ineffective and should be dissolved. In all seriousness though, no suspension of disbelief can make me take this plot seriously. It's like if a waiter reflected on the pointlessness of his job and decided to imprison all restaurant owners to end the drudgery of waiting forever. It just doesn't make sense! And the heroes are a singer and her talking-sword-lover, niether of whom had sufficient backstory to make me care about their relationship?!?...fighting against an army of robots who are just doing their job at the behest of a NON-VILLAIN who accidentally let them run wild?!?!?!?! All of this adds up to a conflict that simply doesn't exist, let alone make sense and all the beautiful music and scenery couldn't pull me back into this heap.The last - and a minor grievance - is that the gameplay, even the walking speed, could've been a little faster. It felt almost like a turn-based strategy game that ran too fast or an action game that moved too slow.The most effective stories have a simple premise but are delivered effectively with relatable, interesting, sympathetic characters as the agents of delivery. Transistor had an overwrought premise and failed to deliver it on all fronts and that's what I call trying too hard. Might be worth a purchase at $5 just to see some of the clever ideas implemented and, for aspiring story writers: how NOT to deliver a story. For me, it was too disappointing and even the sale price of $10 now feels like a cold slap in the groin."
,Not Recommended,237930,14870438,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,HyvelTjuven,"I want to love this game, I really do, the graphics are amongst the prettiest I've ever had the fortune to look at, the soundtrack is nothing short of amazing, the story is interesting, the voice acting feels really well in place and I really enjoyed that the game threw you right into the action from the moment you pressed play (after the inital loading screen, of course).But unfortunately for me I feel like the whole experience is dragged through the mud by a seriously uninspired and dull combat system. And there is a lot of combat in this game.You might have a different experience if you enjoy strategy games but as someone who is not too fond of them the ""turn()""-system which the combat is more or less entierly based around just feels tedious to me, killing enemies doesn't feel as satisfying as it should, in fact it felt like a chore and worst of all it makes the game feel like it's progressing far slower than it actually does, which is weird for a game as short as this.Fortunately for me I bought the soundtrack as well, so I get to enjoy that without actually playing the game!"
76561198035331218,Not Recommended,237930,13342072,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Wertilq,"The game looks good, it's unique, it have interesting combat system, a cool world based on a computer, with lots of coding references which I as a coder enjoy, but in the end the game is not fun.I can't put my finger on it, but the game simply is not fun, the combat feels repetitive and clunky, and as soon as the ""woooh new stuff""-feeling wears off there isn't much of a game left there. I had high expectations, the game looks great, but I simply do not have fun playing it...The story does not drag you in, it's TOO mysterious, and you just don't care for the characters. Uses very similar way of telling a story to that of Bastion, but didn't do it nearly as well.I want to love the game, I want to recommend the game, but I don't have fun playing it, and I can't recommend it."
,Not Recommended,237930,13247061,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,boshanks,"As a big fan of Bastion I was really excited to play this game. I wanted to like it and I did like parts of Transistor. I 100% completed the game. This game has some interesting battle mechanics. The slot combinations are interesting to try out and let's you develop your own play style. And the game looks great and has a good soundtrack. (maybe I was spoiled with how great the Bastion soundtrack was that my expections were really high).Those are a lot of nice things but why the no recommendation? That said, this is a story-driven game. You follow a path, and like Bastion, you the player are thrown into a world starting to fall apart and you have to piece together. I don't want to spoil this for anyone, but I couldn't get invested in the story. This is a story game but even that you can get through.BUT I would not recommend this to anyone because of the save issues. Sane people would more or less uninstall after the first time you lose a game save or the game refuses to save at an access point or new area. I was so happy I finished the Risk() achievment just after the Spine fight because the game wouldn't save past that. And that was after this had happened several other times. This means on separate times I either played for a few hours, stopped at an access point (assuming I would have the game save) only to lose all of that progress. Or I had to keep playing until an access point registered a save. Not knowing if this basic feature you have no control over is going to not work completely took me out of the game and I slogged through it to 100% it. Don't do that to yourself. It's not worth the money or time. Oh and a 'patched' hardware crash happened to me as well.TL;DR: Looks great, sounds good. Story is...interesting. The save issues will ruin any positive experience you could have playing this game."
76561197976837296,Not Recommended,237930,29279754,Posted: 15 January,all,mahkra,"I really wanted to like this game. I enjoyed Bastion, and this looked like something similar, but it's really not. It has a similar art style, and the same care was obviously put into creating a vibrant environment and rich story, but the combat feels completely different. Where Bastion was hectic and occasionally overwhelming (in a good way), Transistor is just tedious. It looks like an action RPG but combat plays like a boring puzzle game, and that just ruins the immersion for me and tears me out of the story.I wish I could just disable combat and explore the environments of the game without it, because I'm drawn to the world and the characters, and the sound design for the game is brilliant, but the combat is just so boring."
76561197970517946,Not Recommended,237930,13673048,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,HowlerMonkey,"I did not enjoy this game.  I was so looking forward to it, but it was a disappointment.  Even if I cannot convince you that you should not buy this game, at least this review may lower your expectations in a good way.First off, I must concede that the art is lovely and I enjoyed the music in the game.  Everything else was problematic.ObtuseThe plot moves very slowly, keeping the mystery until pretty much at the end, but the final reveal does not explain or justify the events of the game.The in-game UI is overwhelming when you first get to use it.  The attack and moding system is not obvious, and the UI does nothing to help explain how abilities works or how to configure them.  Even worse, they use a lot of contemporary computer terms but with different meanings, so their terminology can be disorienting.  There are a couple of times early in the game that force the UI open and require you to fiddle with stuff before you can continue, but they don't explain what you have to do.I need to explain a core combat feature before my critique will make sense.  The main character has two modes of fighting: real-time and pre-planned.  In the real-time combat, your character is at an extreme disadvantage.  Enemies move faster than you, have greater reach than you, and they definitely overwhelm you with numbers.  Most of your attacks have a short range.  In the pre-planned combat system, you pause the action and plan out one or a series of attacks.  After the plan is activated, it is carried out automatically in real-time, but your character moves much faster to let you accomplish things that you couldn't in real-time.  Also, all of your attacks do more damage in pre-planned combat and/or activate new combined effects.Pre-planned combat is clearly superior to real-time, so the game limits it.  Each action or movement in the pre-planned system uses up resources on a special meter that refills over time when you are back to the real-time.  If you don't have enough of the special meter, then you cannot pause time or use the pre-planned combat.  This is where you get into trouble.Planning combat attacks when combat is paused gives you feedback about how much damage each attack will do and whether it will be enough to eliminate an enemy, yet it is often wrong.  Enemies that choose to teleport themselves after being hit, bounce a random direction, or activate a defense are not reflected in the combat planning phase, so it is very easy to commit yourself to a big attack that uses up all of your special meter (leaving you defenseless for a period of time) which would have been OK if the enemies that you had planned to be defeated were defeated, but instead you end up dangerously close to enemies who punish you for believing the UI feedback.TrollingOne of the main features of the game is a large selection of acquired abilities that can be used as either attacks or as modifiers for other attacks.  A big part of the user experience is mixing and matching of these abilities to find combinations you enjoy.When fighting, if your health bar goes down to 0, instead of ending the fight, the game randomly removes one of your abilities and resets your health bar.  If it goes down to 0 again, then you lose another ability, and so on until you lose your last ability and are forced to reset the fight from the beginning with all of your abilities restored.If you survive a fight with abilities lost, then they stay lost until you can explore your way to the next single-use restore terminal.  The game is extremely linear, so usually you can't backtrack and use a previously-skipped restore terminal.  It may require you to limp along with fewer (or less preferable) abilities for several fights before you can get your abilities back.At first, I thought this was an innovative way to force you to mix and match your abilities after fights, but very quickly I realized that this is just the game devs trolling you.  Although every ability can be either an attack or a modifier to an attack, I found that many of them were useful only in a carefully balanced loadout of attacks and mods.  The removal of a single random ability often cripples an entire loadout, and after combat there may not be a way to rearrange the remaining abilities into a useful combination.The better option in most fights where you lose even a single ability is to let the game completely kill you.  If you lose all of your abilities, then the fight resets to your previous state.  So you either finish a fight with abilities missing and hate your new restrictions, or you just stand still and let the enemies hit you over and over again until you can restart the fight fresh.  Neither option is fun.An alternative would be to never allow yourself to lose an ability in the first place, but the game loves to give new enemies traits that you have never seen before and old enemies traits that they didn't have before, so I found myself constantly confused why my attacks didn't work and how enemies were doing things I had never seen before.  These changes are made without any feedback or forewarning, resulting in lots of cheap deaths (or ability loss in this case).  Variety is a good thing, but in a game where your character is so vulnerable unless you use your limited, time-stopping special ability, it is critical that you can accurately plan your attacks, and yet the planning system is inaccurate and intentionally hides information to misguide you.Another way that I was tricked into overcommitting myself was when the game started adding multiple health bars to bosses.  Normal enemies only have a single health bar, so after hours of re-enforcing that system, the game started adding multiple health bars to certain bosses.  There's no tell that I could discover to know how many health bars an enemy has.  This led me to commit all of my special meter into an attack that the planning system told me would defeat them, but instead left me standing right next to the very-much-not-defeated boss and unable to do anything for a period of time (long enough for me to lose another ability from the barrage of boss attacks).Poor PacingI already mentioned the bad plot pacing above, but there are other pacing issues with the game.This game has a narrator, like in the developer's previous game, Bastion.  In Bastion, the narrator comments on what the main character does in present tense.  It was a fresh idea, and got lots of praise.  The developers must have felt that their next game needed to have a narrator too, but they really didn't know what to do with him.In Transistor, the narrator really has nothing useful to say.  The narrator doesn't comment on what's going on, but rather fills in a little history.  If any of that history was entertaining, then it might have been worth having, but I did not enjoy it.  The devs even created multiple, un-skippable sequences that show the main character riding a motorcycle for long periods of time with no gameplay just so that they could have a situation where the narrator could talk, and yet he had nothing interesting to say.There are puzzles in the game, which could have been a great way to change the pace from the extremely linear exploration and frequent combat, but there were not enough of them to help the pacing much, and the mechanics of the puzzles blended into the environment art so well that I found them more confusing than anything else.BuggyAt least a couple of times I got my character stuck outside the playable space and had to reload the game.ConclusionGreat art and music.  Everything else is a mess."
76561197986527965,Not Recommended,237930,29451313,Posted: 23 January,all,Dasbooby,"Transistor isn't a bad game, it's just not particulary good.  The story is ho-hum and the dialogue throughout isn't interesting.  Characters aren't well fleshed out, so you'll never be drawn to or care about any of them.  The game is intentionally vague on its' mechanics which doesn't serve it well and makes the start game portion confusing.  I was 2 hours in and didn't realize you could actually die until I looked it up online.  The combat system is interesting at first but there's not much depth to it, as you'll repeat the same tactics over and over.  It also makes combat fairly simple and I didn't die a single time. You can choose to apply limiters (combat debuffs) to yourself to make the combat more difficult & gain more xp, but I didn't care enough about the game to really want to activate them.  On the positive side, you're given plenty of options on customizing combat actions, buffs for those actions, and passive abilities.  I found the inventory system to be a tad counter-intuitive.  Each function has an upgrade tab that tells you what other processes will do with it when attached as upgrades, but what you really want is actually the opposite of that.  You want to know what that function will do as an upgrade for each other function.  They should've made that the upgrade tab or included it as its own seperate tab.  It can be very time consuming looking up what a function will do as an upgrade for each other function.  The game never really drew me in & never made me want to keep playing or come back for more.  I started this back at the beginning of November and didn't bother getting around to finishing it until the end of Janurary.The game has a very positive rating but if you go through the positve reviews you'll find one thing in common with most of them.  Almost every single positive review will mention the art style & music as their first two positive notes.  There is usually a problem with a game when things like art style and music overshadow the plot, stories, characters, dialogue, and actual gameplay.  While I enjoy those things and they can serve to make a game better, they are usually the least important elements of a game.  Overall, it's an ok game that doesn't have much wrong with it; it just doesn't do alot of things well.  This is a game I'll never play again or remember much about."
,Not Recommended,237930,12111139,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Macaroni and Bees,"It's not a bad game, but let's put it this way:Mechanics: On this level, I preferred it to Bastion. There's a whole lot of customization, and pulling off a masterstroke turn() is really satisfying.Everything else: Play Bastion instead. The plot answers zero of its own questions, the antagonists never have their motives explained besides a vague desire to buck the system, and the narrator isn't as endearing. It;s kind of like Bungie: They told the same story almost exactly with Marathon and then Halo, but the story got less interesting and the package got prettier second time around.For whether or not I recommend it, I wish steam had a ""meh"" option."
76561198119950720,Not Recommended,237930,19696038,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Glitch,"A really good and beautiful game, however I really wanted more story. I have played 8 hours of this and all the time I was wondering what the hell was going on. If things were better explained then I would have been able to understand the story better."
76561197963213304,Not Recommended,237930,11518828,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Tundraking,"Man, I really didn't think it would be hard for this game to please me. So that sword looking thing you see the main character with, is more of a wand, bummer, I like swords. The combat offers so many cool unique things to play with, sadly it is also slow, clunky, and thoroughly unsatisfying. The games flavor is largely rooted in refernces to programming language. You collect Functions as you progress and by using them directly, or to modify other functions you assemble your pool of attacks. This sounds great, and it is. However the animations are so slow, conversely enemy attacks are lightning fast. The pace of a battle is basically using a quick attack while you position yourself to use the ""Turn()"" system. This system freezes time and lets you queue up actions. This is where your slower more devastating attacks become usable. Most of the strategy comes down to bringing the moves that will maximize your potency in Turn() while having a plan to survive while you wait for Turn() to recharge.Sometimes you will find yourself dying almost instantly, many deaths feel cheap, and a few encounters I just rammed my face into a few times before just quickly winning it. **Before you waste your time with your L2P sentiments, let me inturrupt you. That is not a defense of poor game design** Of course one can get good at any game, but if that journey is unsatisfying one won't be very motivated to do so. This game would have been better off fully turn based as it's real time elements are unpolished.The art is beatiful, the voice acting convincing, and the overall flavor of the world is enough to draw you in initially. However, like many of the more notable story driven indie games, this one has the typical vagueness you've come to expect. While this vagueness is a great way to dive into the story at first, sticking to it through the end doesn't leave the audience smitten with curiousity, it just reveals a world with little to say.I can't recommend this game at full price, but if you want to play something a little different than your endless stream of shooters and mmos, and free to play nonsense this will satisfy an evening, though it will frustrate you with it's puzzling combat design choices."
76561197970309321,Not Recommended,237930,11340278,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Zipit!,"I want very much to like this game, just like I wanted very much to like Bastion, which came before it - but I just can't. There is so much potential here. The art, music, visual style, atmosphere and obviously loving detail are worth playing the game for a couple of hours at least - but the gameplay is mediocre... it was the same thing with Bastion for me. If I had to pick a word it's just too finicky... or twitchy... two words. Both of these games, but especially transistor, would have been far better served by a simple turn-based grid combat system similar to the new XCOM rather than the hybrid ""paused action"" style mess that it currently uses.I really think the developers need to design a solid combat engine first, then wrap it up in a beautiful story - because I really want to play a game LIKE Transistor... except fun to play as well as watch. I say this only with the deepest regret and respect for the devs who obviously put so much time and effort into making this game. Sorry guys - please try again."
,Recommended,237930,17677569,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Xaelath,Best Indie i've ever played SuperGiant Games did a good job like before (Bastion).I recommend you to buy it if you like :- Great Soundtracks- Story Rich- Classic Modern 2D Graphics- Combat Strategy to Real time Action RPG.Must buy games with a good price.
,Not Recommended,237930,20593955,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,[DBH]*Whismerhill*{SSgt},"so ... transistorI like it & I dislike it.Pros :-awesome music-artistic graphics (although, the decolorization after a while is a question of taste)-incredibly creative mechanics of play with tons of combinations possible-good story telling (same as bastion pretty much)Cons:-very small character on screen, sometimes even when the turn() pause is activated I can't see where I am-annoying combats after a while : why ?it's a combination of factors :-there's a restart button but it makes you go back to last autosave which can be somewhat away from the combat in question forcing you to walk back there-losing all your life makes you lose functions that you may need for future combats-no manual saves, all autosaves. you made the mistake to finish a battle with too many lost functions ? you might be stuck then (didn't happen to me but I see how that could happen, I got a few frustrating combat battles though)-turn() is both OP & your worst vulnerability, because when it's on CD you can't use most abilities unless modified in a way-there's ways to not use turn that kinda break the game-some enemies do hurt too much meaning 1 or 2 mistake & you're at 0 life & lose functions.-some enemies have ♥♥♥♥ing annoying abilities, for which you have no counter except turn()  & that make the combat a total mess :examples :  tractor beam that does a ton of damage, shield himself & another enemy for total invulnerability, cloak forcing you to wait till it's out of cloaking, a huge pushing type of enemy that will fill your screen of so many particles & graphic effects that you lose sight of your character.-in essence in this game, everyone is OP, you are OP and can oneturn() most enemies in this game, but so can enemies.changing your build depending on next batch of enemies is effectively the solution...and then let's talk about buildsthere's no way to store any of them, discouraging build changesthe interface to install/uninstall functions is also horribly unpractical albeit beautiful.So is Transistor worth it ?in my humble opinion yes & no. I won't recommend it because I'm on both sides of the fence and since most reviews are positive about it ....It's still a good game though, and the soundtrack is really awesome"
,Not Recommended,237930,28227307,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Pindaíba,"The Linux version is atrocious. Runs too slow for a 2D game, unplayable to me. Tried every ""fix"" and didn't work. The game has a nice atmosphere and all, but they sell a bad port."
,Not Recommended,237930,13705198,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,jtsmagic,"Honestly, I really tried to get into this game. It was okay at first, but it was too linear and I got bored with the characters and overall gameplay. It's pretty, it's got great music, but it just didn't keep me entertained."
76561197970297854,Not Recommended,237930,13775023,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,sickBoy,"Overall: 5/10This is one of the games where I really would need a neutral review option, since Transistor has a lot going for it, but ultimately it ended up disappointing, therefore it will be a thumbs down from me on this one.I loved Bastion, the previous game by developer Supergiant Games, so Transistor was an easy purchase, both games share a lot of similarities in art style, storytelling technique and atmospheric world building. However there is one major difference, while Bastion at its core was a very good action RPG that got elevated into something greater by is innovative narration and fantastic audio-visual presentation. The core gameplay of Transistor on the other hand is a weird turned-base tactical combat with a single character and modular skills. All the elevating elements are present around it, if you strip them away, what would be left is underwhelming, the combat is not as deep as it aspires to be, the difficulty is set too low (at least on the initial playthrough) and since the story is strictly linear, there is not much motivation for making use of the New Game Plus option. To be fair, towards the end the gameplay deepens a bit once your heroine levels up and acquires more skills, but it is too little too late, by then the story is almost over and I really can’t appreciate the design decision to make the character builds and fights more fun in additional sessions only. It is frustratingly hard to actually time the correct start of a turn and in between you run around like a headless chicken due to very un-precise mouse movement, the way you lose skills when your life-bar is depleted encourages experimentation, but gets annoying fast, since you basically spend too much time in the clunky menus re-assigning four functions after every second battle or so.It comes down to this, I did not enjoy the fights at all. The game is short enough to make me push through, the story is interesting enough to serve as motivation and there is much to appreciate along the way, from the gorgeous world design over the phenomenal driving soundtrack and the quality of the writing behind the transistors voice. But it all goes only so far if the core gameplay is completely no fun for the majority of the playtime and there is not much to do besides walk from fight to fight and read some environmental clues.I am still interested in what the talented people at Supergiant Games come up with next, but whatever it is, I hope they do not forget the most important principle of what makes a game a good game: gameplay first. I need to enjoy the interactive sections as much as the narrated ones, if there is a mismatch as evidently the case with Transistor the overall judgement has to be a negative one.Pros:- fantastic music/voice work- immersive environment designCons:- shallow repetitive combat- annoying heath system- linear and short- gameplay deepens only in NG+"
76561198135863150,Not Recommended,237930,25421717,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Fucking Strong Invisible Dragon,Awesome music and visual arts.but Irritating story lines and combat system.
76561197961494531,Recommended,237930,10181322,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Rapscallion,"Transistor is breath-taking. Not only is the gameplay fantastic, but the art and music are something to behold even by themselves. Combine it all together with an intriguing story, and you got yourself this wonder of a game.Here's a quick look video if you want to see the game in action. Or if you prefer to read a more concise review, please continue below.http://youtu.be/oAq4GGFQAJMLet me start with gameplay, the bread and butter about what makes this game so good. You play as Red, and you wield a talking sword who I won't reveal is. But what can this girl and sword do? That's pretty much up to you and the huge number of ways you can customize her. To start, you have 4 abilities you can select between and use like a standard MOBA game. But the neat thing about it is you can put a wide range of different abilities into those slots that all do different things, such a setting a mine, a missile that drags enemies towards you, summon a hound, etc. You can then take it one step further and combine other abilities that modify an existing one. Like your dogs? Then combine it with a charm attack that allows their bark to turn foes to your side. What's that, you want another? Sure, take another split ability on it and have two dogs that charm. Hell, you can even put abilities as passives that grant you amazing buffs. There's a huge number of possibilities that you can do to play the game you want to play, and experimenting is half the fun.But don't get me wrong. While you may be able to do amazing things, the game is still challenging, and not in a cheap way. Everything comes at a price. If you load one ability to the teeth, your not gonna have enough memory to load in other abilities elsewhere, maybe not even be able to afford a passive. You also get a cool bullet-time mode that you're able to plan out moves and execute them swiftly and precisely. The only downfall is you have to wait awhile before you can do anything else as you recharge. The interesting variety of enemies you come across also make this game stand out, and simply the way you handle them. One enemy will charge at your relentlessly while another lobs grenades at you from a distance. You even have stationary enemies that provides shields or heal their buddies. And combining them all together in different groups adds a great deal of strategy and dynamics to every encounter. Even more so when you have to reach an enemy core before they respawn and you're forced to kill them all over again. Add in limiters that make enemies tougher for more exp, and you can make the game as unforgiving as you want.Now if that wasn't enough to grab you, then how about the fantastic environments that blend so well with the sci-fi theme? Or how about the the music that sets the mood and tone so well for the game. Or how do fancy the fantastic and dynamic voice acting that reacts to what you do and how you do it? That alone is a feature I really enjoy. Sometimes I just like sitting back and listening as more of the mystery unravels before me. But if you'd rather play the game, you can simply plow right ahead. Even the way you skip cutsceens is well done. You can choose to simply accelerate your bike or boat to head to the next area instead of listening, thus making you feel you're still engrossed in the world.But now that I sung praises for this game, it still has minor flaws.*My game crashed as I was heading to another area, and I had to restart the level. The game also froze for a bit when I was in a fight. I have a beast of a computer, so I know my end is not to blame.*The only thing you can customize in the graphics menu is resolution, which is named resolution accordingly. The game looks fantastic as it is for high-end rigs, but those who may want to skirt by the minimum requirements may not be able to.*Although I'm really interested about the story, sometimes I get the feeling I still don't understand what I going on when the answer appears to be right before me. The whole game is pretty vague, and the game simply drops you right into the action without warning at all. Personally, I liked that it does these things, but some who like to know everything as it happens may not like this.That's really all I can think of. I simply enjoy this game immensely, and I highly recommend anyone pick this game up. I feel like it's a steal at $20, and when it goes on sale, then there shouldn't even be a question anymore that you should get it."
76561198044240493,Recommended,237930,10181754,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,SmegmaSteven,BUY THIS GAME
,Recommended,237930,10181186,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Netsu,"First thing that you notice is that Transistor is very much like Bastion, and the game lives up to the very high standard set by Super Giant's previous title. But there's just enough differences to make it stand out as something of its own.The character development feels deeper and more satisfying and the combat is much more about tactics and positioning than about timing your input, I think they pulled that off extremely well. The narrator is played differently enough that you don't have the feeling like it's the same person as last time. Sadly the music is, at least for me, not as amazing as in Bastion, but it is still great and plays an important role in the game. Visually the game is just as stunning as Bastion was if not more so. It has a much bigger focus on fluid animation, 3D effects and lots of flashy lights but a less painterly style - all fitting very well with the sci-fi theme.If you liked Bastion you're gonna like this one, if you didn't you're a terrible person."
,Recommended,237930,10186385,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,yeeeaaaahhhh braaaaahhhhhh,Red x Man fanfic XXX included in game credits
76561198029999415,Not Recommended,237930,15318297,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,phooGhe2,"The paper-thin plot bored me out of my mind: if you don't invent the story yourself, you won't understand much about why is happening, and more importantly you won't understand why you should care about the protagonist.I also hated the gameplay, which is extremely repetitive and not particularly exciting.The graphics and the narration are the positive points of this game, but unfortunately that's not enough to build a game. You need an actual story someone can relate to, and a gameplay that is fun."
,Not Recommended,237930,16233212,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,BinarySplit,It took me 30 minutes to get the game to stop crashing on startup. The tech support forum is also full of people complaining about having trouble getting it to run.Having to deal with this sort of BS from a game of this calibre and price is unacceptable. Avoid this game if you value your time.
76561198086561181,Not Recommended,237930,24450708,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,stamp,"By all means, this was a beautiful experience. I  was completely immersed in a concert of beautiful music, artwork, and storytelling. I loved it as an experience. However, I can not recommend this game because it really isn't a game. It's a story style movie with playable repetitive grinding style gamescenes. If you want to play a game, one that is entertaining and immerses you completely as a hero of this new world you find yourself in, go somewhere else. If you want to watch a stunning visual and audible journey, while putting in effort to continue, stay here, you'll have a blast. If you want both, go play The Witcher 3. But again, I simply can't reccomend it while it's still marketed as a game."
,Recommended,237930,10183458,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,ProbablePrime,Wave a giant talking USB stick around whilst listening to some cool music and being barraged with art with a lot of triangles in it.
76561198008354563,Recommended,237930,10180833,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,THX1138,epic loving it.
,Recommended,237930,10181128,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Abeltensor,"A brilliant work of art that really captures this lonely world, everything from the voice acting, combat, soundtrack and general astetic of the game is absolutely marvoleous.  While the game may be a bit shorter than its predecessor, bastion, it lacks quite a bit more depth and has replayability in the form of recursive which randomizes the encounters and allows you to play with the combinations of functions.  On one hand, you can very much tell that this is a game that was develoiped by the same people who created bastion and on the other, you can see that it is its own title that stands well appart.  Supergiant shows once again that you dont have to compromise narrative for gameplay."
,Recommended,237930,10181072,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,&wich,"The hype was worth every day waiting.If you were wondering if his was going to top Bastion, It will. As far as I am in the gameplay mechanics are stellar, and should not be passed over when reviewing this game. The best way to experience this game is through a controller (xbox controller is prefferable). Our favorite narrator is back, and with just a hint of more sexy to his almost palpable sweetness to his voice...have I said enough about the narrator? Oh yeah, he is just sound for my ear ♥♥♥♥♥♥. As far as the story goes the apart from the narrative that only enhances the experience. Most of the backstory is told through text, for any of you text haters out there, you are missing out. anyways...I don't want to not be playing the game now...which is why you should get it instead of reading this. Toodles"
,Recommended,237930,10180853,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Uberskullface,"A beautiful strategy game with an intriguing story, great combat system, and an amazing art style that ties it all together"
,Recommended,237930,10181006,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Darkshield,"I'm only 89 minutes in and the story has me hooked. It took all the good stuff from Bastion and improved them!Edit,After finishing the game I can safely say it's worth every penny. Amazing art, story and gameplay.10/10"
,Recommended,237930,13691403,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Chun-LiMorriganFan85,Another great game from the creators of Bastion.:D
,Recommended,237930,16359528,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,dkota from the lights,"I see the game of the yearSparkle and shine light the steam storeI see the game of the yearI know it's mine, and i just want more"
,Not Recommended,237930,34352155,Posted: 19 August,all,raikolives,"This game looks stunning. But like the main character once you get past the looks, all you get is a hum.Transistor starts out mysterious and ethereal, leaning into it's art style heavily, and that's great, but as soon as it wraps up it's little opening mystery - about 30 minutes in - the suspense, anything even remotely compelling, is gone. From there it's all just repetitive fights, incessant overly complicated unlockables and a soundtrack that drones on and on without ever really feeling like it exists in the same game. Building your powers is a great idea, and the way Transistor does it feels like it has potential, but the pieces come way too fast while the slots to use them in come way too slow.The game's fights, also, lock you into a tiny area filled with semi-destructable obstacles, making navigation instantly annoying. When the enemy units can float casually through or over the blocks and you can't, it becomes frustrating. When the pause-and-plan functionality feels like its more trouble than its worth, it just becomes a button-spamming simulator, which the build-your-powers system would make you believe it isn't. And when the game decides to make it too hard so you NEED to use the planning system, I turned it off.Drop this powerset-building mechanic into a brawler - 2D or 3D it doesn't matter - and you'll have an innovative system that works within your game. But everything about Transistor feels like it's holding me back or pushing me away, and while the end result of the unlockables system may be fun, I'm not about to slog through a boring series of samey levels to find out.If there was an art book of Transistor, I'd grab it. It's a beautiful thing to look at. But the game struggles to align it's systems, and make use of it's best parts."
76561198004585236,Recommended,237930,31716470,Posted: 12 May,all,AtlasDragneel,Just beautiful.
76561198010641857,Recommended,237930,14733291,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Ivan Moreira,"Transistor is everything everyone says and more. The soundtrack, oh the soundtrack...Took me 10.5 hours to finish the first playthrough just because I want to listen to everything, see everything, try every possible combination on combat...Awesome, awesome, awesome game. Please, SuperGiants, keep them coming and keep them like that. Like Bastion. Like Transistor.10/10, will replay."
,Recommended,237930,17145602,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Mom's Spaghetti,"As someone who went into the game without doing any research except reading the ""Overwhelmingly Positive"" consensus by other reviews, I was pleasantly surprised by what I found. I hadn't played Bastion and I'm not the biggest RPG fan, but turn-based combat fascinates me, and Transistor introduced a refreshing twist to this style of gameplay.GameplayTransistor is an action RPG whose combat involves a mix of RTS and turn-based fighting. You can choose to play the game straight and try to defeat all the enemies without a chance to stop and think, or you can press the spacebar to plan a ""Turn()"", which effectively pauses the game and gives you time to strategize. During your turn, you have the opportunity to move around the battlefield and use your abilities to blast enemies apart. Between battles, you use ""Access Points"" to customize your active and passive abilities and limiters. Only four active abilities can be equipped at a time, but the game allows the player to combine abilities to strengthen them. Limiters are unlocked as you progress, and are used to make the game harder, with the benefit of leveling up faster. Progression through the game is extremely linear, but the ability combinations and limiters can be used to fight the way you want, the principle on which the gameplay seems to be based.StoryDisclaimer: I'm not going into details (read other reviews for those).The story is well-written, the characters are kept to a minimum, the dialogue even feels right... essentially, it's kept to a level that's not too hard to understand. Replaying the game will give you a better grasp of everything if you didn't understand the first time. Unfortunately, the game is rather short and doesn't allow itself much time for fleshing out the characters we know; even character bios aren't exactly 100% satisfying (although they are intruiging as good short reads). I'd have liked to understood the main characters better, but I'm not complaining with what I have.Graphics & Sound10/10 in this department, as everyone else agrees. It's hard to find a game that looks and sounds as beautiful as Transistor. The art style is consistently fitting and amazing throughout the game's few-hour stay. Darren Korb did a spectactular job on the soundtrack and the voice acting is great (as well as Red's singing). I really can't find a fault with this aspect of the game.Obviously Transistor isn't perfect, but the few flaws it has are nowhere near enough to ruin the experience. It may feel somewhat shallow on the first playthrough, but it only takes a few minutes to realize that it's a worthwhile addition to anyone's game library."
76561197993333398,Recommended,237930,10181602,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,RedundantVagabond,"‘Transistor’ can only be described as a jazzy composition, seductive and melancholic. I felt as if a tenor sax was played before me.This performance does not hold any punches. From the get go it launches you into the game. No hand holding, it respects your intelligence as you begin to explore the world.Gameplay is reminiscent of Supergiant Games’ 'Bastion'. Isometric view and action packed, but what this brings is a more matured and well thought out experience. Aside from the obvious action orientated combat system, it allows for RPG elements to take hold. A plan of action can be devised, by using this new feature the player can plan a method of attack utilizing and maximizing on his carefully customized skills.The average time to complete this game is around 5 hours. Calculating the cost per minute of entertainment, it would be like buying an average movie ticket (being generous I assumed for a 2 hour length film for $7.96) for each minute one interacts with the game. It comes to a total of $19.90, and that is if you only play it once.If you need to save money, then wait.Hell, just watch a play through if you just want to consume the basic story. Though, I think you may get more out of it by actually playing it yourself.I stand by my purchase, and highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,237930,10181506,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,ChierΩn,"Even from the comparatively small amount I've played, this is well worth the purchase, both for people who enjoy story, or gameplay."
,Recommended,237930,10181637,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,♪Kyle³,"The game is just beautiful and visually stunning you walk through the game and cannot help but look at every bit of detail, The combat system works really well and I never feel like I have been cheated. The combat system is like your old rpg turn base games but with a modern day twist, The characters are really fleshed out and in depth even just the side characters have tons of lore that you can unlock and read about. 10/10"
,Recommended,237930,10181148,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Mel,"The soundtrack is amazing, of course. The gameplay is interesting--there's multiple ways to play between attacking in real-time, attacking in the planning mode that gives you some time to think out and construct a more complex moveset, and the different attacks you can have set up for Red. Each attack can be slotted as active (using it as an actual attack), upgrade (using its abilities to upgrade one of your active skills), or passive (granting Red some passive skills like a counterattack, healing when not recharging a turn, etc.), and you're encouraged to experiment because more story is unlocked when you use each skill in its various potential slots.The story is interesting and one I found emotionally compelling, but it's one where you have to search it out and piece things together on your own a little, so if you like a definite, straightforward story, be aware of that, since you'll have to go out of your way a bit to get all the story information.The voice acting is great, though that was probably expected if you've played Bastion, and I found the central emotional connection between Red and the man in the Transistor to be one that held my attention--I cared about and wanted to see a happy ending for these characters.There's a recursion (new game plus) mode once you beat the main storyline; with additional plot elements and enemies trying to keep pace with you, this adds additional replay value, for those who want more bang for their buck. There's also a system in which you can upgrade the enemies with various limiters, making them more powerful or removing some of your own abilities for an extra challenge (and, of course, there are the associated achievements for getting through enough battles with enough of them active, for you achievement hunters).Overall, I would definitely reccommend this game. I personally enjoyed it more than Bastion, though I'm always a sucker for a female protagonist and a science fiction setting. It's definitely a good second showing from Supergiant Games!Also: Absolutely worth it just for the soundtrack. It's a gorgeous soundtrack."
,Recommended,237930,10181585,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Zen,"Amazing game so far. I'm only an hour and a half into it, but so far I'm very pleased. There's definitely the Bastion feel here but it's not too similar that it seems like just some sci-fi remake. The soundtrack is also very nice. Smooth combat and very easy user interface. I recommend this to anyone willing to try it out."
76561197990133376,Recommended,237930,10183482,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,alliecat,"Fun as hell ^_^ And stylistically speaking it reminds me of the early bits of Final Fantasy 7, so that's a great bit of nostalgia"
,Recommended,237930,17576988,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,┌( ಠ_ಠ)┘,From the makers of Bastion. Need I say more? 11/10 - IGN.
,Recommended,237930,34233822,Posted: 14 August,all,MAD,never healingbe_or_ _e a_l _e_om_ w_ld10 outta 10
76561198065833387,Recommended,237930,24321636,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,bobdragon27 csgobig.com,Amazing
76561197993274227,Not Recommended,237930,20013786,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,tdzzz,"Too short.  Did it have a story? I'm all for confusing storylines but... Also not really that much combat, and didnt really enjoy it when there was some.  Hated that I kept having to rearrange my weapons due to losing them in battle.  Bastion was way better, would not purchase again."
,Not Recommended,237930,34197071,Posted: 12 August,all,yami,"No sound bug keeps coming back.Clearing game cache, restarting, etc. does not stop it.Apparently this bug has been reported in the forums since launch."
76561198079740539,Not Recommended,237930,17863770,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Ugly Nerd,"Strengths:Beutiful art designinteresting and unique combat systemgreat voice actingreplayabilityWeaknesses:low enemy varietynot well developed characterscryptic storylineRepetative combat in the late gameBoring boss fightsId say that this is a good game, but cant recomend it for the price tag, especially when you could just play Bastion, which i much prefered"
,Not Recommended,237930,23131538,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Burn,"I can clearly see why people love this game, but it's most certainly not for me. None of the game's aspects appeal to me. The combat gets repetitive very quickly, there's not much of a story, although the art style is without a doubt beautiful and the music is very romantic but I think both don't fit the cyberpunk sci-fi theme the game is going for, the gameplay basics are poorly explained and once I understood it I didn't like it, the narrator's voice is distracting (I wish he'd stop talking because he never has anything interesting to say). I want to like this game (maybe I will once I push through it to get all the Steam achievements), but as for now I don't understand how this game got this high score.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=604119983http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=689115748Unlocked all achievements!"
,Recommended,237930,24343371,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,josh_guillen_,"Brilliant, deep, enthralling and engaging."
76561198010045713,Recommended,237930,10246428,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,"Money ""money"" mayweathers","AMAZING story but too short, gameplays excellent."
,Recommended,237930,16625065,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,ApaCy,"Transistor is the game that would first come to mind for me if I were to think of 'games as art'.The soundtrack in this game is unforgettable and stands brilliantly on its own - I even bought it.Though it's short, the story is utterly engrossing and sucked me into the vivid world realised within this masterpiece of a game.If I were to try and describe the combat in this game I would say it is a mix between X-COM/Shadowrun and Diablo 3; in this case it works really well, with half of the combat happening in real time and the rest being planned out tactically when a recharging ability is used.I heartily reccomend this game as an experience  it would be unfair for you to miss - if the price point seems a bit steep, I implore you to put this game on your wishlist and wait for a sale."
,Recommended,237930,21118407,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Davo,"Transistor was an amazeing gameplay experiance, worth every penny, the story was amazeing and super giant games did really well on the art style and the design just like they did on bastion and i really loved ashley barret's songs in the sound track and logan cunningham did yet another amazeing job narrateing and its just so amazeing just go buy it!"
76561198135026820,Recommended,237930,18670827,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Aiyandi,"A precious indie Jewel game. Can't see anyone disliking this game (unless you're blind, deaf and stupid).The obvious sellers being the beautiful soundtrack, AMAZING ARTWORK (and i mean amazing, like pant cream worthy amazing artwork), and enticing narration.The story incorporated into enviromental interaction is what makes the game so great.Cloudbank, the game's setting, is so magical and the creators do such a great job of bringing the enviroment alive that the short playtime makes players get lost for what feels like centuries.The only downside would be the playablity, but even a one-time run would be worth the goosebumps that resonate after.GET IT!"
76561198052975889,Recommended,237930,19905019,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Plasmabubble,"Utterly beautiful in theme and aesthetic, with a depth of gameplay which belies its simple appearance."
,Recommended,237930,10437423,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Easy Bot (chat muted),"Even though my terrible comupter could barely hold together when I played this, it was still an amazing experience.Amazing storyBeautiful musicCombat is really nice and can be controlled easillyBuild your own combination of functions to become OPExplorationSet your own difficultyand even a sandbox.This game is definately worth the purchase10.1/10"
,Recommended,237930,33267243,Posted: 5 July,all,7amad77,Good game but not perfectgood gameplaylast boss was not badthe ending was so good5/10
,Recommended,237930,32692787,Posted: 23 June,all,Norm,Fortunately has little to do with that one song by 311
76561198083622990,Recommended,237930,14750788,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,nut up or shut up,Absolutely beautiful
76561198047669191,Recommended,237930,15099044,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,SatelliteOfLove,"I really feel bad for SGG on this. Several things that worked so right on Bastion just didn't work in this one. The music was several steps down from Korb's masterwork, relying far too much on turgid 4/4 downbeats and bare arpeggios and without the excellent tone and mixing of the previous. Logan Cunningham's dulcet tones goes off-aim with him talking endlessly to a mute PC who couldn't even respond via body language most of the time due to the camera being panned very far out instead of to us in a naturally one-way conversation. The story (and this isn't the last you'll hear of this critique), is nearly severed from the gameplay, almost as if it was to another game.That out of the way, it is a BEAUTIFUL looking and playing title. The Function system is a revolutionarily brilliant little toolbox; whoever got that idea to allow skills be modifications on other skills is a goddamn genius. It's also very beautiful, with a lovingly utilized early Art Deco motif that feels and looks like part of a real place; a Bioshock without the negative connotations to the movement.This is a Recommended, but with real caveats."
76561198077234778,Recommended,237930,24391720,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,NightDancer,"If this game would exist in Matrix movie universe, Im pretty sure that Neo would ditch Trinity and have sex with this Beauty in the architects office... :-Dhell yeah i recommend it."
76561198006638631,Recommended,237930,24357148,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,mudroser,"Great ♥♥♥♥ing game, 10/10."
,Recommended,237930,24359744,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,University of Phoenix,It's a pretty good game. Got some good tunes and a cute red
,Recommended,237930,24391999,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Prof.Milad a.k.a the Polymath,">great combat>great mechanics>manly tears, beware! (if you are a dude, we forgive you this time)>great ending"
,Recommended,237930,21130970,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,KEGEMBROTAN,Just buy it.
76561198123591206,Recommended,237930,14053848,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Whoag,The best game I have ever played and will ever play.
,Recommended,237930,10184385,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,IAIFANKFAW,"Beautiful game, great sountrack, decent story and pretty much pants everything else."
,Recommended,237930,27354784,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Your Royal Spookiness,Supergiant has never failed to impress.
,Recommended,237930,10216984,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Wisp,DEAR GOD PLAY THIS GAME
76561198120650301,Not Recommended,237930,29726124,Posted: 5 February,all,YoshiRider,I had high hopes for this one after their first game Bastion. Its is still okay but the battles are repetitive and the story is just not progressing....
,Recommended,237930,28016436,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,irockulisten,"Such a hauntingly beautiful game, everything from the story/characters/gameplay and the soundtrack... the soundtrack is just the most beautiful thing you can possibly imagine, big time kudos to Supergiant Games"
76561197980746194,Not Recommended,237930,24439138,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,LooneyJay,"Bought it for the hype, found it overrated. Watch a gameplay video before purchase to make sure it's right for you."
76561198029061647,Recommended,237930,13510724,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Third Strongest Bunny,9/10
,Recommended,237930,11025008,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Ћ Abomination Jones,Who goes first...howabout...me?
,Recommended,237930,10184959,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Altourus,Brilliant ending
76561198007409592,Recommended,237930,12974211,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Ulfgar Ardo,"Artsy, fresh, replayable, so much fun. I just wish the levels would be procedurally generated. Then I would be 10/10."
,Not Recommended,237930,25184124,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,DangerJordan,hard and boring somehowalso stuck thanks to bug maybe.could just be bad level design
76561198122572420,Recommended,237930,16453542,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Maghda,"Grate game! Beautiful story, greate gameplay and wonderfull graphic. You won't regret buying this game!"
76561198147374710,Recommended,237930,16427479,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Kowler,"You'd better make a ""Transition"" from the game you're playing now to this10.5/10"
,Recommended,237930,10395855,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,>K·§·A<´°Sþíké¸°°»»,"Very in depth storyline driven game, the ending will catch you completely off guard. This is besides the point of the intense combat that makes you think every move you make through. That combined with the great graphical art and the music puts this game as one of my top picks."
,Recommended,237930,16817483,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Lemonade,beautiful game
76561197980500928,Not Recommended,237930,22309155,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,your best friend.,"I tried playing this game, but I got to a bottleneck where I couldn't progress, and thanks to a poorly implemented autosave feature, I couldn't back out to change things, alter my strategy, or even start a new game. I just lost and died 500 times against an untinteresting, and impossible (at my skill level) boss fight. I think if I would have been able to try different strategies, or maybe have a little time to work on progression (OR ACCESS THE F***ING MENU), I might have enjoyed this game. But as is, I would rather give myself a nether peircing with an ebola infected rusty crack syringe than play this game ever again."
,Recommended,237930,16402629,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,"Tirigon, the darkest soul","Dont feel like writing much, tbh, because there's like 8000 reviews already, plus ones in magazines etc...Just let me say 2 things:Buy the game.Buy the soundtrack, too.It's worth it."
76561198002124849,Recommended,237930,16347429,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Fou-Lu,Fantastic.
,Recommended,237930,17402064,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,keybearer,"I knew he'd get a chance to impale her in the end.Innuendo aside, I like it more than Bastion."
76561197970131349,Recommended,237930,10181472,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,PastaPrimavera,"All I can say is WOW!  The graphics, sound, story, and gameplay are all tremendous.  Must buy for anyone who enjoys a good action rpg!"
76561198047139139,Recommended,237930,14798726,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Anime Queen_IDK,Awesome soundtrack and one of the coolest fighting mechanics. Similar to Bastion.
,Recommended,237930,25786217,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Ð乇ｷ乇ζЦ乇Ð,"it good, it weal good!"
,Recommended,237930,33602435,Posted: 17 July,all,despair,"Actually really nice game.Graphics are good,the music is fckng awesome(Darenn Korb is my boy),plot is great so are the dialogues.The only thing u can ever complain about is a fighting system cuz there is only 1 really good working strat and with it whole game is not hard (and if u play with smth else it will pretty fckng hard) also the whole game is the same cuz of this system with turns.Bastion was better)  8.3 cool endings of 10"
,Recommended,237930,33343269,Posted: 7 July,all,SlaveBoy,you were expecting a review but it was me DIO
,Not Recommended,237930,24927790,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Surprise Feudalism,"Disclaimer: contains very minor spoilers.Transistor is probably a fine game on its own, but it's very hard not to compare it to Bastion, one of my favorite action RPGs. Transistor is more verbose but nonetheless says less about its world and characters. Where Bastion made some motivations explicit and left others to the imagination, Transistor just left me scratching my head. Some of the plot twists and introduced characters seem abrubt or incomplete, making me wonder if parts of the game were cut or rushed.Aesthetically, the game starts out gorgeous and then devolves into geometric monochrome which isn't ugly but didn't wow me like the first few levels did. That's in keeping with the game's plot and themes, but it's still regrettable. The music is still great.The gameplay is still an action RPG with mix-and-match moves and perks to match your play style. The modular way you build your abilities and the power to drop temporarily into a turn-based mode keep the gameplay fresh as you advance. The game felt a little short; right as I felt the game was starting to enter the cool design space of end-game fights, the encounters all switched style and then I was at the final boss, who was disappointing and required entirely different strategies from the rest of the game. The ending was annoying and left way too many questions open.TL;DR (re)play Bastion instead."
,Recommended,237930,12708126,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Dingus',"I'm still picking chunks of brain off the wall from the numerous times my mind's been blown.9000/10, Would use a spatchula to remove my meaty chunks of mind from the wall again."
,Recommended,237930,24384361,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,ThisThing,"Yea I had just beaten Bastion and went to purhase this and to my luck it was on 80% sale or something. To counter that I realized I'd just spent 14 on Bastion 2 days earlier... Kewl.The game is just as deep as Bastion, if not more. Great graphics and art, nice music (even though I had my radio on in the BG), nice combat and the controls just works wonders. I had zero issues with wonky controls or anything, which was the same case with Bastion. Great and polished work. Do note, that while you might catch some familiarity with Bastion, this game is VERY different and that might put you off at first, but after 3-4 battles, you'll love it.The game is sadly EXTREMELY short. I picked up on my progress, by looking at how many skills and limits I had, and was surprised, that I was soon to beat the game. It made me a bit sad, but all I can say is that I was very entertained, from start to finish.The combat is very fun and can be performed in endless ways. If you get tired of your current playstyle, just shift and mix up your skills, to make a new playstyle. Nice and refeshing mechanic. It can however, stand out as overwhelming and confusing to begin with, yet you just have to battle a bit, read a bit of info, that is in the skill's description and you are good to go.While I really liked Bastion's extra content, such as getting memoirs, weapon tests and wave battles, Transistor offers this through repeated gameplays. You will most likely have to do a second run, in order to get all the extra stuff and steam achievements. Don't worry though, they are actually pretty fun. If you liked Bastion's, then you'll like Transistor's extra stuff. Though I must admit Bastion had alot more.That being said hurry up and buy, it really is a steal at this price. Other than that if you liked Bastion, or like Games, then you will enjoy this short, but very good and re-playable game."
,Recommended,237930,32960088,Posted: 28 June,all,凹口凸口凹口凸,+ excellent soundtrack+ intresting fight mechanics+ stylish- not sure if i've understood the plot
76561198045495257,Recommended,237930,10182664,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,beleth,"Great game and great gameplay, but requires a REALLY goddamn beefy computer."
76561198025936724,Recommended,237930,10182112,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Impasta Roni,Tough as nails. Balancing realtime and turnbased combat couldnt be more chalenging. And yet it is fun as all hell. A Must PLay.
,Recommended,237930,10182065,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,The Princess of Science & Weed,"I'm only a couple of hours in, but Transistor is, so far, sublime. A worthy successor to Bastion in all regards, Transistor features beautiful artwork and music, a wonderfully complex skill system, highly strategic combat, too much atmosphere for a proper stick-shaking, and a narrator that (while understandably more subdued than Bastion's) keeps you engrossed in the world.Bastion was a hard act to follow and, having come in expecting disappointment, I'm overwhelmingly pleased to find that Transistor has--at least, so far--wildly succeeded."
,Recommended,237930,10182164,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Bentobox Crumplebutt,"All of my YES.If you liked Bastion, chanses are you're going to like this one as well. Release version does seem to have small lag/load issues though."
76561198007506361,Recommended,237930,21136720,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Lodreus,"Not bad game. Gameplay and artwork is a amazing especially the music It gets you in the motion of it and quite peaceful at times. I spent quite a lot of time exploring even though you can't go anywhere else other than moving on ahead, but man the art is great.I really do like game fighting style. Its different from what I've ever played before and would recommend to anyone who is looking for something interesting. To give short summary of fighting style. You stop time and by doing so you have a full bar of enegry that you can use to perform different power moves to eliminate the enemy. What makes this fun, challanging and great strategy game is that you gotta plan your moves carefully. You also have to know what will happen after the process is finished because you dont wanna be exposed to enemy attacks.The story to me is ok. For some its hard to grasp as the game doesn't tell you exactly how things went crazy from start (from my view). You either have to reads some logs that you find at terminals or listen in on other character inputs.Thought on ending:Lastly I found the ending to be quite disappointing. To some it may be different but to go through all that feels a waste. With the power she had to make things right I don't see how she couldn't recreate him and city too"
76561198202745304,Recommended,237930,24319389,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,The RNG God,A fFriend recommended it to me and it turned out to be a great game that was thoroughly enjoyable.
76561197973173986,Recommended,237930,24322112,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Zaltmann,very nice
,Recommended,237930,22903790,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,dagger dagger dagger,this game ♥♥♥♥ed me up
76561198257040194,Recommended,237930,35289171,Posted: 29 September,all,Starbuck,+
,Recommended,237930,29496480,Posted: 25 January,all,Sugoi,Amazing story
76561198012374319,Not Recommended,237930,35001832,Posted: 16 September,all,Le Cid,"Played this game for a little under an hour, wanted to drop it, saw it was only a couple of hours long, thought I could continue and finish it, reached a little over an hour, couldn't suffer it for 5 more hours, abandoned it.I don't understand what the fuss is all about. The game has some sort of charm, but certainly not enough to make up for its bland gameplay."
76561198054076337,Not Recommended,237930,35398302,Posted: 1 October,all,eQJason,I was really enjoying this game until ALL FUNCTION DESCRIPTIONS VANISHED COMPLETELY. This game gives you power ups that you can combine to create different attacks but its KINDA HARD to figure out which functions go well togetehr when ALL DESCRIPTIONS GLITCH OUT AND VANISH.
,Recommended,237930,29495346,Posted: 25 January,all,⚡⚡SCI FI GEEK⚡⚡,pros-music-story-strategycons-idkI recommend
76561198028300182,Recommended,237930,12835571,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,daemonworks,"Art, music, voice work all what you'd expect from the folks who made Bastion. I love the focus on configuration, enabling you to put together your own moves and combinations thereof. It can be played as a straight action game if you wish,  but it's meant to be played as a sort of hybrid between that and turn-based combat.But it's short... very short.  The story feels like it should have been two or three times longer than it was.There's a new game plus type mode enabling you to start with all the stuff you had at the end of the first play through, but unless you stack on limitations (which give you more XP in return for increased difficulty) it's a cakewalk, even though the enemy is much more powerful. And, of course, NGP mode doesn't really replace having a long first game, especially for those of us who aren't really interested in replays...That said, it's not a bad game at all - it just doesn't live up to it's potential.Verdict: Get it on sale."
,Not Recommended,237930,11399712,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Pyreaus,"While the game is very nice to look at, has good music, and the combat mechanics have some cool ideas, I think this game suffers from a lack of good implementation of it's ideas. The story isn't well communicated to the player, and there's zero emotional connection to the characters because there's no lead up into anything. You're just suddenly in the middle of a story that ends in a couple of hours and the only character who has any personality is the unnamed guy in the Transistor. Even then we know nothing about him. Thus, any scene intended to evoke emotion falls flat, because the player has no connection to the characters. (And text profiles aren't really good enough for you to make a connection.)The combat has interesting ideas, but I feel it has poor implementation in some ways as well. There are a lot of ideas presented but a relatively short time to explore them, as there are only about 30-40 battles in the main game. Many of the abilities seem poorly balanced as well.Overall I feel they would have done better staying more grounded. The story, characters, and setting make it seem as if it's trying to be an art piece first and a game second."
76561198117503298,Not Recommended,237930,11875596,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,ftbilwani,"I was very excited to play this game after Bastion, the art work is simply stunning and unlike Bastion, transistor makes you think about your battle tactic. However, after completing a few levels monotony kicked in and now I play transistor whenever I wish to play a video game which is not mentally challenging. I do not really feel like completing the game. I think I will..... eventually."
76561198008136917,Not Recommended,237930,14068797,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Botanical Hunter,"After playing roughly 4 hours of this game I find nothing (other than the music) about it appealing.  The art seems to be half stolen from a variety of other games.  Easy combat with pathetic customization, granted you can do a ton of different combo's but it never seems to give any kind of satisfaction.  The story was boring, one of the worst. 5/10 - Save your money!"
76561197991285747,Not Recommended,237930,12192148,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,kensan_oni,"Rating Scale:OffensiveUnfun Fair Good] EnthusiasticThis game is such a heartbreaker. The game play is good, if a bit dull by the end of the game, the sound design is excellent, the idea of the threat in the game is okay. The problem is, that the game breaks it's promise, and it's so maddening.The game promises you a Silent Female Protagonist that is strong and does what she needs to do... and fails spectacurally to do so. You figure this out about halfway through the game. You aren't playing Red. You are playing the Sword... who is our nameless protagonist, that guides all the action in the game. It also possess... Red. Who is your first basic attack. It's just enfuriating. You come to want to play the girl... and what you end up with is being the sword. Red ends up the accessory. Which is not why I signed up for this game.It just fails to understand on the basic level, that if you want a strong female character, the story needs to be about her, and Transistor fails to deliver.If you want a entertaining but safe combat, you might want to play this game. It does that very well. If you want to hear a story about a strong woman... go find something else. Run."
,Not Recommended,237930,34199986,Posted: 12 August,all,zeebzo,Mediocre gameplay and very annoying voiceover (not my opinion 100% fact obviously).
76561198006065425,Not Recommended,237930,11502993,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Masakaki,"(scale of 1-10)Music: 8Gameplay: 4Story: 3Artwork: 10Voice acting: 7Replayability?: Not really*The music is good to the point where you don't really notice it (not blaringly bad or amazingly good.) and the game mechanics are alright (at the end of the game I could down every enemy but the final boss in one hit, mainly because he has multiple lives) but the artwork is exceptional. It is a beautiful world that was painted to be destroyed with only 2 real voice actors but they were both able to portray emotion to some extent.These boons however do not make up for the fact that the story throws you in with no indication of what is going on, at all, and expects you to have some sort of connection with your character. The story was not worth replaying because the main ""bad"" guys didn't even give me motivation for wanting to go after them. The world is falling apart, yet instead of running you're stuck on a revenge trip for some unknown reason that you can't let go. You're not even trying to get anything back and from the way you're launched into the story it's about the same level as ""he punched me so I'm going to hit him back"" as the only motivation.*replayability of ""not really"" because it's the same thing but with your levels and equipment carrying over but the enemies are just as easy when you realize how to do 2600+ damage in a single ""turn"""
,Not Recommended,237930,13527687,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Byxorna,"+Great artwork+Gameplay is unique and fun-Weak plot-Plot, storyline, background not effectively deliveredThe ending is absolutely terrible. It belongs in a YA novel, not a video game. If the storyline had been merely uninteresting, I would still have recommended this game because it looks nice. However, the conclusion is so offensively stupid that I cannot possibly recommend this game to anyone beyond their ""teenage romantic angst"" period of life."
,Not Recommended,237930,17547607,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,CosinusCarotide,"I got very mixed impressions from this game and I probably wouldn't recommend it.There are good ideas in the combat system, that you don't need to use because there's very little ennemy variety. Very good soundtrack, but you don't hear it a lot while playing. Nice art/graphics, but it always looks the same. Nice narrator concept (à la Bastion), but he's neither fun nor interesting this time. The story is just... heh. It felt too basic and too convoluted at the same time. Did I mention I took some time exploring and still finished the game in barely 3 hours ?I certainly don't see what the fuss is about this game, but it may just be me"
76561198001454789,Not Recommended,237930,32961806,Posted: 28 June,all,Charming Cthulhu,"inb4: I didn't like Bastion.I didn't like how the developers threw a dark theme, a fantasy world with bright colors, a modern oriental soundtrack and a cliché cowboy narrator into one pot. I didn't like the stupid story where you create crystal shards to save the world and some dumbass destroys the crystal again because he argued with a girl. I didn't like how the narration took the immerson from the game. I didn't like the gameplay which could have come straight out of a flash game.Initially, I didn't want to try Transistor because of my experience with Bastion. But it's very cheap during the current sale (-85%), so I took a closer look at it and I figured that the setting looks really interesting and more coherent than Bastion's. The gameplay looks better, too.However, this is only partly true.Alright, the combat system is quite cool. You can customize your funcions (skills) from scratch, you can pause the combat and program a short sequence of functions like in the VATS system of Fallout. However, it's easy. Upgrade your ranged attack with additional backstab damage. Pause the combat, jump behind the enemy, spam the ranged attack. Done. For weaker enemies, just spam the area effect bomb circle.This tactic worked in the beginning of the game and after 1 hour I still won every battle (even boss fights) without ever losing more than 50% HP.Pathfinding is somewhat buggy, especially on short distances.But alright. The combat works. What's more interesting are the story and the world. And here is where the game fails in my opinion.Look at the screenshots. The world is beautiful. It's even more beautiful ingame. But the ♥♥♥♥ing narrator can't ♥♥♥♥ing shut his ♥♥♥♥ing mouth. ♥♥♥♥.Enter a new place.""Let's go.""Yeah, that's what I'm doing.""It's deserted.""Yeah, I know. The whole world is deserted. It's even more obvious here and you said it several times already. Oh look, a new enemy.""That one's new.""Yeah, I know. I have eyes. All enemies defeated.""Ok.""Why the hell does he have to say ""ok"" now? Does he really comment every single thing? Oh look, there's a lookout point with a telescope at the balcony.""Look at the view.""Yeah yeah, I'm already going there.""Look through it.""Why do you think I'm going here?""It used to look better here.""Yeah, I know. You say that at every single place. Now let's go to the exit.""Let's go.""No comment on that. Walking through the door saying ""Highrise"".""We need to reach Highrise.""I know, you said that 30 minutes ago. And 10 minutes ago, too. And 5 minutes ago, too...""This is the right way.""I know, there's no other way.""Take the elevator.""I know what to do.""Push the button.""Alright, elevator ride to Highrise. I guess I can have some peace for a few seconds now.""Next stop: Highrise.""Bruh...Holy ♥♥♥♥, it's so annoying. The game has beautiful artwork and a beautiful soundtrack. But you just can't enjoy them, because the narrator talks to you ALL. THE. TIME. If you stay a bit longer to be able to enjoy the atmosphere, he actually pushes you to continue because ""there's no time to waste"". Have I already mentioned that his voice is incredibly monotonous?You can actually mute the narrator. However, narrators obviously have another function: Telling the story. There's apparently not much of a story in the game, but if I want to look at nice artworks and enjoy music, I can just as well watch a movie or anything instead of wasting my time with this game, because the gameplay honestly isn't good enough to compensate for the story."
,Not Recommended,237930,11628672,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,RoleplayeR,"A game from creators of Bastion. Oh, what expectations I've had for this one. Obviously had the preorder with the soundtrack going and played it day one. And what a strange experience it was. I like most aspects of the game, and yet I wasn't inclined to play it at all next time, so I finished it only now (2-3 months later?) by forcing myself to do it which is pretty sad, because the main story is actually VERY short. Without much of side ""challenges"" (which are decently designed but most of the time force you to play with predesigned powers (""functions"") installed and it was pretty unfun for me, because I like to design my own tactic in this game) the game takes around 3 hours to finish. With getting ""some"" challenges done it goes up to 4-5 hours. Nevertheless, I don't think this gamelength is really acceptable, so that's a sure ""con"" for me. Now some pros and some more cons.Pros:-The music. It's very good, wouldn't expect otherwise from Darren Korb. While the game was sitting idle in my library, the soundtrack I have purchased got it's share of plays in the last months. Just like in the Bastion. One thing I would say it feels a bit lacking of electronic elements, which would be suitable in this setting.-The art is impeccable, with great love to detail. Just like in Bastion.-The setting. Very strange, interesting, kind of unique. Just like in the Bastion.-The ""functions""-system. Robust and full of variations, makes for good replayability and interesting levelups.For some cons:-The story. Very basic, not trying to hook you in at all. Mostly it goes by like ""whatever, I am here somewhere, go on now"". There's not much happening at all, the synopsis of the story would take approximatly 1 page after it's all done. I mean, I don't  belong to the type of players, who cna't play a game, which is weak on story, but I require at least good gameplay to have interest in it.-The gameplay. Repetitive, gimicky and boring overall. The ""planning thing"" is gimicky, overpowered and breaks the flow. The regular mode makes you feel seriously underpowered and is  a bit of a cluster♥♥♥♥. After I've found the ""right"" functions combination, all of the fights where just a grind. In combination with the first flaw - it is why it feeled like I don't want to go on (I just couldn't figure it out in the first hour yet).-The sword. He is so whiny and emo it makes me want to smack him and tell him to grow a pair. While he is the 80% of the means how the story and setting is conveyed to player, in the end I just wished he would shut up -_-Overall, you might want to check it out at your own risk, but this is no Bastion."
,Not Recommended,237930,16097293,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Gunmetal Buffalo,"The soundtrack is absolutely top notch, but the combat felt like pulling teeth.I'm in every way inclined to like this game, from the setting to the soundtrack to the developer's past releases, but the gameplay is just awful.I would not recommend that you slog your way through the combat for the sake of the narrative, the visuals or the soundtrack. Just buy the soundtrack. An hour into the experience I can tell you the narrative goes nowhere, slowly.On some level, I wish I could have just played a glorified ""walking simulator"", exploring the beautiful settings and listening to Red ""sing"". The combat just isn't worth the effort. It's clunky and sluggish and inefficient regardless of how heavily you use the ""stop time and plan your moves out"" mode.My advice, don't even bother. Go straight for the soundtrack DLC if that works for you, or go find the soundtrack wherever else it's sold and buy it there. Watching someone else play this is probably the best possible version of what's on offer here."
,Not Recommended,237930,19231730,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Stexe,"As much as I want to like Transistor -- and I really, really wanted to like it -- it just fails on so many levels.The story is an incoherent mess. The gameplay is way too short. The boss battles are so few and far between (and feel like some were just dropped entirely to get the game shipped). The turn based combat system can be overly clunky at times. There is no tutorial or explanation for many things. The save points are in very weird places, often requiring you to re-watch cinematics if you lose. Combat becomes overly repetitive with the same choices being the best in almost every situation (even with every Limiter on). And so much more.I wanted to love this game like I love Bastion. The art, visuals, music, and voice acting are top notch. Heck, even the attacks and combat systems are neat (despite being a bit clunky). But there are just so many little issues that makes the game average at best and definitely not worth the overall cost.If you can pick up the game for under $5 I'd recommend checking it out, but otherwise it is best to just look at the beauty of the game from afar."
76561198003229200,Not Recommended,237930,13674191,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Pikathulhu,"The game is gorgeous. The artwork, music, and character design is stunning.The gameplay is frustraing. Combat spends the whole game being fairly easy until you reach the last section, where apparently you are supposed to have gained substantial new skills at fighting that I simply didn't have. Coming from Bastion I thought it would be a similarly welcoming experience, but it wasn't."
,Not Recommended,237930,13995179,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Marcus (Jehhuty),"If, like me, you are looking for a new Bastion, this game isn't for you.I had my fun, but the disappointment was higher.I didn't like the battle system (the core of the game), it was boring. And when you fight in real time you have no chance at all to win, unless you use an overpowered comb, which brings us to the boriness again.The music and design really stands out, as everyone is saying. But those alone aren't enough to justify a positive review.The story was confusing, yet sometimes well written.I would love to see an animation about this game, cause you wouldn't need to play it (and its boring mechanics), just sit back and relax."
,Not Recommended,237930,35171100,Posted: 23 September,all,SPACE JUNK/ANTI-MATTER,"Meh, did not like anything in particular about this game. Boring not fun gameplay so I just read through the story to see what it was all about & what a load of blah blah blah. Nothing really special did it speak of, it's as if it were a sci-fi take on romeo & juliet, meh. Not even a fan of romeo & juliet. Waste 7hr waiting for something interesting oh well at least I did not play the whole thing, that would have been more disappointing. 2/10."
76561198042411537,Not Recommended,237930,14270694,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Squnkey,"I had high hopes for this game after playing and loving Bastion so much, but they were promptly shattered when I started this game. I'm sure some people will love it for the exact reasons I hated it, but I couldn't stand anything about this game. The story (If you can find it) isn't at all compelling, and just seemed like they half-heartedly threw it in there because they had to. The combat was more of a chore than anything, and given that all the levels seem bland and repetitive, exploring wasn't exactly fun to do either. The backdoor area with all the challenges was a fruitless waste of time. The skill variations were pretty numerous, but given how tedious combat is I wasn't ever excited to try anything out. Overall a pretty disappointing game."
,Recommended,237930,11140524,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Splan RIP Cassini 1997-2017,"Following the critically-acclaimed Bastion, Supergiant Games have released Transistor, an incredibly dynamic and quirky Single-Player Cyber-RPG. I picked this up during the Summer Sale, owing to my love of Bastion, and boy was I right when I thought this would be good - if not better- than Bastion itself. I finished my first play through in just over 7 hours, but a Recursion mode offers a New Game+ that shows me a further challenge in the same idyllic environment. Set in a Cyber-esque city called Cloudbank, A group called the Camerata try to assassinate the famous singer Red, with a weapon known as the Transistor; a sword that turns the personality of the person killed by it into a weapon. They miss, but take her voice, and as you journey through Cloudbank, fighting your way to the Camerata through their robotic minions - The Process, you slowly discover their plot to destroy the city. From minute one you are plunged into a dark and delicate storyline, starting next to an un-named corpse, The Transistor plunged through his chest, directing you to stopping the Camerata and The Process once and for all. Along the way you find the bodies of countless other victims of the Camerata, and with each one you begin to understand and unravel the mystery behind the storyline.The weapon system is unique; potentially the best I have ever seen. With a basic 4 equip slots, 4 unlockable passive slots and 2 potential upgrades for each equip, you are given a dynamic system that changes as you level up and find the corpses of the citizens of Cloudbank. Each combination of effects adds a new spin on an attack, which allows you to manipulate the battlefield in a variety of ways. Either via a real-time fight, or activating Turn(), a planning mode in which you can strategize where to move and attack in a split second, you can wreak havoc against your foes in a multitude of ways, be it with blinking around with a parasitic DOT heat-seeking- missile via Jaunt+Purge,  spawning robotic dogs that charm enemies to fight for you with Help+Charm, or going full frontal with a long-range slice that bounces between enemies and an AOE lifesteal  to boot with Breach+Bounce+Tap, the varieties in attacks are endless, although the system can be a bit clunky at times, due to heavy reliance on Turn() to survive later game thanks to its long cooldown. The Limiter system (a Brother-concept to the Shrine in Bastion) allows you to challenge yourself with extra difficulty for a %-based EXP reward. Each time you equip and fight with an ability in a equip, upgrade or passive slot, you learn more and more about each character, and how they got to be trapped inside, leaving you longing for more information about the city and its inhabitants.The Enemies of the game are varied, with Processes such as the Weed providing AOE heals for surrounding enemies while damaging you, Creeps proving a singular enemy an unbreakable force field, and Jerks slamming the ground in an everlasting oscillation that hits for huge damage to friend and foe, the game constantly varies how you must approach combat to make it an intuitive and responsive system. You unlock more information about them in a similar way to the abilities, by equipping them and reading the “Developer” notes on each subspecies unlocked after combat, with each entry detailed like a scientific report, describing the Camerata’s discoveries about the Process.However, this game isn't just about the fight, but the beauty and integrity of the plotline and setting. The artwork is fantastic, and each environment has its own little sparkle that shows the life that was once there, in each different way, From the portside in Goldwalk to the OVC terminals that allow you to order Junction Jan's famous Harvest garden or petition to change the sky blue to orange, the city is teeming with the sense of an artificial utopia-turned-wasteland by the hidden objective of the Camerata. And once again, Darren Korb composes a soundtrack that fits every minute detail of the stage you are in, sending riveting waves of emotion that combine and culminate with the colourful ambient lighting of the scene, giving you the ability to empathise with each soul captured within the Transistor, that allows you to understand the reasons for every action committed: a common, but often misconstrued effort at the improvement of Cloudbank, and the life of its citizens.Emotionally draining, Transistor is the game I have been waiting for from a Triple-A developer for years, but once again Supergiant Games have stepped up to the plate and shown how David can beat Goliath, and show him a few tricks too.Graphics: 9Music: 9Story: 10Combat: 9Character Development: 9Final Score: 46/50Verdict: Simply emotional, A Compelling storyline and beautiful setting make Transistor a game that will be remembered for years to come, and making fans increasingly wish for more Supergiant content with every passing day"
,Not Recommended,237930,20176884,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Luân Phạm,"I rate this game is 5/10.After I played 3 hour, I still have no idea what is going on. The main character don't say anything, just humming and singing. The only one who talk is the usb-sword, main character's weapon. And he mostly take about pointless thing and self-assumed too much. Which is annoying.The skill system and level up reward is creative, but this game combat is very boring.The art stype do look good, but empty and lifeless.Music is the best part of the game, but it is the shame that 2/3 part of the game you were in combat and pause all the time, the 1/3 rest is when the sword talking all the time. Therefore you could listen to music only in the backdoor area (some kind of rest room in this game)."
,Not Recommended,237930,24818621,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Mighty Pillow,"Transistor is an okay game, but I didn't like it or understand it. The visuals was gorgeous, I'll give them that. The game is so forgettable though. I remember there being pretty things to look that, a cool sword thing, a red haired girl who hums, some narrator type guy who talks to you. I wasn't feeling the combat at all. It was just weird. It was like let's make this turn based except you are the only person who gets a turn. The characters were nobodies, they came and went. The story was strange and had no impact on me at all. The ending was predictable. After playing Bastion I had a feeling this would deliver as well, but it didn't.Maybe if I never played Bastion and only played this, I would appreciate this more.There are no jump scares I can recall."
76561198027994280,Not Recommended,237930,16765337,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Ismaru,"This game looks pretty awesome with it's appealing visual style, but furthermore I didn't like this game all too much.ProsLooks pretty goodYou can combine skills with eachother, allowing a lot of various approaches to each fightConsShort story - I completed the game in about 5-6 hours, the second replay was a lot shorter.Didn't like how the game punishes you for failing - you lose skills as you get closer to death, making the encounter even harder to beat, ending up in a vicious circle.It's really just walking from screen to screen, fighting your way through. I expected more puzzlesThe transistor blade would be awesome to insert into slots for various purposes (for example inserting it in a wall to use it as a lever for puzzles or something). Instead, it's really just a sword. It served no other gameplay function than that.There are ""limiters"" which are switches that make your game harder. That's great, if they weren't so mean-spirited and the reward for using limiters is too small. Sure, you could try another playthrough and make it more challenging, but the game doesn't really have anything new to offer in a replay. So why bother?Storytelling was very vague, the antagonist says weird stuff (during story moments it'd just go,""Hey, I got this funny joke I can tell you...""completely breaking the atmosphere the game is trying so hard to create.Asides from the musical tunes which are supported by the main characters humming, the audio quality wasn't very high. Looks like all the budget went into Red's voices and theme music.Was this review useful to you?Please check out the Izzy Reviews Curator pagefor regular updates on reviews for other games!"
76561198040111442,Not Recommended,237930,14198094,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Bellator,"I cannot recommend this game. Don't get me wrong, the story is excellent and the art style is really good as well. The thing is that I can't play for more than ten minutes without wanting to quit because of the combat. It's just tedious, annoying and repetative. And to whoever came up with the idea that loosing your abilities for a solid five minutes after having your health depleted, instead of just going with regular checkpoints, poo on you.The artsy aspects of the game are on point but when the combat falls it drags the whole game down with it.5/10"
,Not Recommended,237930,17598664,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Ozons1,"Bought this game because I was fan of Bastion.If you can buy it while there is sales then sure, go for it. Otherwise I would really suggest thinking about it.Pros:+ Beautiful world (it felt ""artistic"")(Lots of beautiful scenes, could really imagine making wallpapers from them)+ Good music+ Narrator+ Skill upgrade system(We all know that feeling when we get new skill in game but it does not feel right for us or it is just really weak. In transistor even these skills can be used. You can upgrade your primary skills (using skills you do not use) or use them as passive bonuses (for example - extra damage, areal damage, shield, temporary clones and so on...)+ Death penalty(This is really good.  In transistor when you lose all your hp one of your skills (which you have equiped) gets discarded and you continue fighting with full hp, BUT you cant use this skill for set ammount of ""checkpoints"" (forgot the name, but basically small platforms in which you can customise your skills, if you die you need to discover 2-3 of them to get this skill back). In the meantime you can replace your discarded skill with other one. It makes players to experiment with most optimal skill set)Cons:- Fighting system(This is some kind of mix Bastion style of combat + turn base game. But action games aspect is a lot, lot weaker. Most of your encounters with enemy starts with position yourself in good place, activating ability which allows you to set limited count of steps (example - I go here, use this skill on enemy 3 times then retreat) and then you execute it. After that you usually cant use any skill at all (if you havent used 1 skill as upgrade, then you can use that all the time), so you just try to survive 4-5seconds and repeat. There is no use for fighting in ""real ""time"" because most of the time enemies are faster and hit pretty hard and most of your attacks takes a lot time to charge, so they just dodge it)- Story, ending(Wont spoil it, but it just didnt feel interesting. I barely had any attachment for our main hero and her sword or world at all. One of few elements I liked were the terminals in the game in which you get small info about world or get chance to vote about something, but the rest of story was... Just meh. Ending was dissapointing, maybe I didnt get the message which game developers wanted to deliver, but right now by emotional impact this ending could be compared to COD but without any kind of accomplishemnt)- Limiters(Limiters in transistor = Idols in bastion. You activate them to get bonus xp. In this way you can get more challenging enemies which make game more interesting and increase gameplay time. BUT, there is always but, limiters felt or I should better say were ""unfair"". I played this game 1 time and started new game+ so i had bunch of them. But I really could justify using only 2 of them (which gave in total 4%xp boost). Do you really think it is fair getting only 2-4%xp boost for activating limiter which increase enemies damage 2 times or give shield for their ""cells"" (you defeat enemy, he drops cell, if you dont destroy it fast enought the enemy will respawn back).  Yes limiters make encounters more challening, but as wrote before fighting system wasnt really that good)Transistor isn't a bad game, but if you hoped for a fast pace action game with good story then you will feel dissapointed. Characters felt weak (or at least not interesting), story - meh, combat slow.  But otherwise it is beautiful game with great music.If I had bought it for full price I would feel dissapointed but Summer Sales take care of that."
76561198076311823,Not Recommended,237930,35237734,Posted: 27 September,all,Grantholomeu,"I loved Bastion, but compared to it Transistor is just kinda ""ehh"" to me.As we all know, the artstyle is unique and well done. That's a definite plus. The ost as well is great.As for the minuses, I wasn't sure what I was supposed to be doing a lot of the time. Sometimes I didn't know where to go. And sometimes I didn't really know what abilites were good.One kicker that I really didn't like was the death penalty. When you die, you respawn at a checkpoint with one of your abilites disabled. It doesn't really make sense because if I'm at a part that is already difficult, I'm just going to die more without some abilities. That mechanic frustrated me.I really wish there was a middle thumb for Transistor, but I feel the world is a bit cliche'd, the characters don't stand out like in Bastion, and the game mechanics are frustrating. I would give the art and music a thumbs up, but game thumbs down."
76561198037535735,Not Recommended,237930,13745487,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Burger Von Freedomman,I didn't really like it...
76561198035690688,Not Recommended,237930,18790855,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Blady,"Bastion was better, but in general Transistor is short and good enough."
,Not Recommended,237930,33429902,Posted: 10 July,all,TH4DD3U5,"It is beautiful. The narration sounds cool, for the first few minutes. The atmosphere is eerie. But it is not a fun game. None of the skill combinations I tried were statisfying to execute. Bosses were difficult. Which is fun for a lot of people. Not for me."
,Not Recommended,237930,18216876,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Ksempac,"As a game studio, when your first game is something as good as Bastion, it's a tough act to follow. And as a player, it's also tough to not constantly compare the two games, even if Transistor is not a sequel to Bastion. Unfortunately, that comparison only highlights the weaknesses of Transistor, which might be a decent game, but is severely below Bastion.The greatest part of Transistor is the story. I think the game shouldn't have started ""in media res"", because it makes for a confusing beginning, but once you start to get all the pieces of the puzzle, it all makes sense and paints an interesting picture. The world of Cloudbank is only hinted at, but it's an interesting, original world with interesting characters.However, it's a bit of a shame we mostly learn about theses people and that world through archive files, and that we have to go through a completely empty environment. For story-reasons that i will not spoil, the world of Transistor is empty. You will almost never encounter any life, only enemies. Bastion's world was a post-apocalyptic world, and yet, it was teeming with traces of past life, and also new forms of life. It was also very varied, with each level having it's own distinct feel and color scheme. In Transistor, every environment is a flat expense in the middle of the city, and all the levels look the same. Moreover though there are reasons that it's deserted, it's weird that you find absolutely no traces of previous life, or even a lone survivor to talk to.The fact that you won't meet anyone also creates another problem : the only ""person"" that your character, Red, meets, is her sword. At the beginning of the game, you grab the sword that was used to kill someone...and that someone has been absorbed by the sword, and is able to talk to you. I will not spoil who that person is, but he is gonna help Red survives her ordeal. However, Red lost her voice, and thus, the sword is the only one able to talk...and boy, he does talk a lot. The only voice you hear, offering advices, opinions, etc. He is supposed to be a friend, but since he is the only one talking constantly, and giving you advices constantly, it soon feels like he is just bossing you around. ""Go there, do that, etc."". An endless monologue, that is supposed to both guide the players, and help Red, and tell the story of the world...by being all that it just fails at everything, after a while that voice gets way too irksome, and you just want him to shut up.But enough with the atmosphere, and let's talk about the gameplay. Supergiant Games have created an original combat system. The game plays in real time, with an isometric view like Bastion offered. However, at any point, you have the possibility of stopping time. When you do it, it starts a ""turn"", with a tactical UI. Here you can plan your next actions as much as you want. Experiment with movements, attacks, and see the results. The only limit is the ""turn bar"", which depletes with each move or attack. Once you're satisfied with your plan, you go out of the tactical view, and all your actions executes as you wanted, while the rest of the game is almost stopped (it's not a total pause, but it's very close to). This gives you a tremendous advantage against your opponents, who only works in real time. However, once your action are done, you're not able to use turn until your ""turn bar"" is filled up again (which takes about 5s if you used all of it). Also, most of your attacks are disabled while the turn bar is filling up, which makes you very vulnerable. That makes for a different flow of combat that we're used and it's interesting to try it.This turns system is greatly enhanced by the ""function"" system of your sword. Your sword isn't a classic weapon. It has ""functions"", which you gain every time you level up. Most of them are for damage (such as Breach() which throws an arrow piercing enemies) but a few are purely for support like ""convert an enemy to your side"" or ""weaken an enemy"". You can only have 4 functions active at a time, but you can upgrade one function with up to two others, which will greatly change their effect. For example, you can have a function that damage and weaken an enemy at the same time and also makes you invisible for a few seconds. You can also equip up to 4 functions as global upgrades, which mean you're able to use up to 16 functions at the same time (4 attacks, upgraded with 2 functions each, and 4 global upgrades). On the whole, that function system is a great idea, because it allows you to customize your playstyle as you sit fit, and enhances the planning aspect of the game.So, a new tactical turn system + a very customizable attack system should make for great combat, right ? Well, it should, if the enemies were up to par. Unfortunately, that's where it completely falls apart. At the beginning of the game it feels like there are many enemies, each with their own role and way to screw you. However, the more you progress in the game, the more you will understand that they have the same strengths and weaknesses. Which mean that once you've found a function combo that works well, there is little incentive to switch to something else. The more levels and functions you gain, the more refined your ultimate combo will be, and the less incentive you will have to switch things up.If you're a tactical-minded player, it shouldn't be hard for you to find a great combo, and then spam it over and over again. There is none of the complexity of others tactical games, such as Tactical RPGs or western turn-based games. This is even more visible during the NewGame+, where enemies are totally unable to provide a challenge to your levelled up character. NewGame+ even randomizes the enemies, meaning they are even less tactically organized than they used to. Not that you care...every enemy is the same, a fodder for your unique combo.The game actually disincentive to try to switch things up. Bastion offered 10 idols that added 10 optional handicaps with greater rewards, to make it harder and more interesting for players who like being challenged. It really tasked you to get the most ouf of your weapons and really becomes better at the game. Transistor has a similar system, the ""Limiters"", but it fails to be as interesting as the idols. In truth, most of theses limiters are barely noticeable. I've been playing my NewGame+ with all 10 limiters, and barely feels the effect of them because I'm cruising through with my unique combo. However, one of them actually penalizes you for switching your functions in and out, which mean that if you have a combo that works, it's better to keep using it, than try playing with the function system.So the conclusion is unavoidable: When you're spamming the same combo over and over again, against enemies that feel the same, that can have only one issue : boredom. And that's definitely how i felt. There were a lot of times when i was playing and then after a while i was thinking ""i don't want to keep at it"", and just stopped playing. I forced myself to go through the game to be able to see the end of the wonderful story. And then i forced myself through NewGame+ to be sure i wasn't missing anything, and unfortunately, the more i played, the more i noticed the game's weaknesses.A great story with interesting characters can't save all by themselves a weak gameplay, especially since the irksome companion also fails to be as compelling as Bastion's narrator was."
,Not Recommended,237930,14162098,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Atlas,"The game tries way too hard to be art. Every few seconds it desperately screams ""Hey, I'm a special snowflake, I am not like the others!"". In pursuit of delivering a unique product, Supergiant Games ended up with mix of random creative mishmash that don't work well together. Their artists and musicians are talented, but the game is only good on screenshots."
76561198071689614,Not Recommended,237930,16466132,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Mystic Exarch,"This game is made by Supergiant, the company that made Bastion. I expected similar quality with this game but it's not even close.First of all, the naration is awful. Yes, it's the same voice actor but he doesn't do anywhere near as good a job as in Bastion. He delivers lines without any passion and just doesn't have the same charm. Plus, you can barely hear him because he is really quiet even on max volume.In Bastion he explains what's going on, gives you the background information of the story, and tells the story gradually as you play it. It was really fun to learn about the lore and listen to him tell the story. And the best part was, you get to actually play the game while doing it. In this way there is a perfect blend of action and storytelling.All of this is missing in Transistor. The narrator just makes a bunch of dumb general comments that barely have anything to do with what's going on. He doesn't give you any background information about the setting, explain the lore, or tell the story. You just wander around in a city, feeling confused without even the most basic context or narrative. I've played for several hours and have no clue what's going on. When you take away the story, really all you have is a bunch of combat. Which wouldn't be too bad by itself, except for the fact that the combat sucks.The main problem is that the combat is not only WAY too hard, but also severely flawed. Your character is etremely weak and can die in about two seconds from enemy fire. You can mitigate this by using the turn feature. Basically, you can pause the game and issue orders to your character. When you unpause, she carries the orders out while all the other enemies are frozen. It's not as broken as it sounds. When your turn is over, every single one of your abilities is on cooldown until turn recharges, meaning that you can't use them. Which means you are defenseless after using your turn. So basically the game is use your turn so you can actually kill stuff, and then run away and try not to die for 5 seconds. This is a lot harder than it sounds and is also just boring to do.In addition, when you kill an enemy a battery pops out. You have to run to it pick it up in 5 seconds or the enemy respawns with FULL HEALTH. On top of this, it's even shielded from damage and you have to damage the shield to be able to pick it up. When you use up your turn to kill an enemy, you oftentimes cannot break the shield on the battery because you can't attack yet, and so the enemy respawns with full health.It wouldn't be so bad if there were actually a difficulty slider. Or like in Bastion, you can do challange areas to gain upgrades if you're having a hard time. Instead, the challenge rooms give music tracks as a reward. Seriously?So essentially it's a game with no story and ridiculously hard/flawed gameplay.I expected the soundtrack to be amazing like in Bastion, but again this game doesn't deliver. The soundtrack isn't very unique, it sounds like generic video game music. And you don't get to hear it anyway because the music turns off when using your turn feature. What a bummer.Oh and this game doesn't have a start menu or anything. Literally, the most basic feature in video games is missing.The only reedming feature could be the graphics I guess. The enviorments are absolutely beautiful, just like Bastion. However, a game needs to provide solid gameplay and a story and can't get by with just fancy visuals. That's why they're called ""games"". If you want good art, go to a museum or watch a movie.There is also only about 5 hours of gameplay. It took me that long to beat it. But even then, the game time was artificially inflated because of difficulty. It would probably be like 3 or 4 hours if you are skilled at action games.TL/DR: No story, bad narration, flawed/ridiculously hard gameplay, lack of features, poor soundtrack."
,Not Recommended,237930,16752669,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,HSuke,"I bought this game because I loved Bastion. Its witty narrator and gorgeous soundtrack were simply amazing. So I was quite surprised that none of the things that made Bastion a great game are present in Transistor.- The narrtor came off as a bland and diatribe. In fact, the voice acting of all characters was really lifeless. I realize the city is rotten and dying, but having a lifeless narrator destroys the game.- Your character's singing doesn't match the background music. More importantly, the soundtrack doesn't match gameplay.- The gameplay itself was boring. I absolutely hated how slow my character walked around. Combat is tedious and not well-balanced.- There's not much of a story. Whatever barebones tale Transistor attempt to tell didn't make much sense. By the end of the game, I didn't care for a single character. It wasn't like the ending of Bastion, where I was nearly heartbroken when character X dropped everything to save character Y."
76561197971435175,Not Recommended,237930,20278902,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,c.camacho,"Its easy to see why the fuss, there's plenty of nice art work in the game... but its a very linear journey from combat area to combat arena - the unexplained mechanics seem largley irrelivent you can just move around and mash buttons till you win - until you get to a boss with thousands of points of health more than you that you have to kill multiple times....meh.... I nearly did win the first boss some woman my sword had me after a butt load of shiny shiny cut scenes.... and if this game had something interesting to engage me I might have tried some tactic other than moving around and mashing fire.... (which was nearly enough) ....but.... it just don't seem worth it..."
76561198084657727,Not Recommended,237930,20913350,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Celtic Steel,"Really?  This is the great Transistor that I've heard so much about?Tranisitor certainly hits many of boxes for the hipster indie gamer you never knew you had in you, such as its thoughful sci-fi noir setting, dazzlingly well-done 2D graphics and, just like Bastion, a great musical score which ties in well with its narrative themes. But the game that it is all wrapped around?  Meh, what a boring game it is.  Run down this corridor into this square and fight something.  Rinse and repeat (might as well be playing Final Fantasy 13 -ooooooooooooooooooooooooh I went there!).  Yes it tries to pull the same narration effect that Bastion did, but even that couldn't temp me to spend more time running down corridors and fighting in so so combat.Ah, yes, the much talked about comabt system in transitor.  Fighting  is really quite innovative, with a sort of hybrid system of realtime and turn-based RPG mechanics.  Its cool for half an hour, but its gets old really quickly as the same winning tactic (dodge-smash-smash-dodge into cover) works for every fight, and it doesn't present much of a challange. This low level of challange yet having damage-sponge enemies and the fact that every boss seems to come back to life at least twice before it finally dies doesn't entice me to play further.  All in all Transitor is probably the most overrated game i've played in many years.This was a big shock, esp with Bastion being one of my favourite 2d games ever, but Transistor seems to me like a classic case of style over substance."
76561198254496771,Not Recommended,237930,20023174,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Arrowtothekn33,"Great soundtrack, that's about it."
76561197989897696,Not Recommended,237930,23738824,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,talt001,"Stunning visuals like you would expect.  Great narration.  Decent narrative.  Bad combat ui.  Uninteresting weapons mod system.  It's just not as good as Bastion.  Didn't hold my interest, not likely to play again."
76561198002788942,Not Recommended,237930,31640269,Posted: 8 May,all,Bloody Slushy,"It has such good bones but it does nothing with them.  The art is great, the sound is great, The skills and slots allow for a ton of variety, but unfortunately its all wasted. Why? Because the enemies are cheap as hell.  They can run faster than you, many can just suck you towards them. and it all seemed to boil down to coming up with the loadout that killed things in one or two moves.  Otherwise you quickly get overwelmed.  The story and the characters are boring and uninteresting, for that reason I quickly got tired of the challenges.  I fell no need to go through it again, certainly not worth full price."
76561198056183394,Not Recommended,237930,13247089,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Mozpow,"Cannot choose level of difficulty, for some reason, the dogs are immune to the super user power up. Each time I get it, I could kill legions of enemys but never those dogs. Don't go out of your way to get it, but OK purchase if on sale."
76561198000171910,Not Recommended,237930,11907240,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,evade,"Disappointing.  I really enjoyed Bastion and while the mystery in this game is interesting, I found combat anything but!"
76561197960492360,Not Recommended,237930,20051580,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Brexaman (BlackHand),"Felt quite disapointed with this game. I really enjoyed Bastion, with the music and story. My main complaint is that the story is quite thrown at you with no development on who Red is, what her lover is, what is the transistor and what is really happening all around. I bought the game wishing to have a good time since I played Bastion really excited. When came to it, it seemed to me that the game was literally a hack'n slash type of game, trying to destroy everything and never getting any explanation on what I'm doing rather then simply destroying the Process to restore the town.Playable game, good visual, but storywise it felt that something was missing, a plot, would be a 5/10 to me.Pew pew, kill bad guys, restore stuff back to normal, and basically that's it."
76561197984641145,Not Recommended,237930,15117142,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,chrisjweber,A classic case of form over function.There is a great game just trying to get out of this mediocre game. The story is abstract mess. It's an art student trying too hard. The combat is hard to figure out. There are just way too many combinations for this short game. The combat can't figure out if it wants to be turned based or real time with pause or real time.The art is beautiful. The setting is cool. Too bad they couldn't refine the focus of this game a bit more. It would have been a masterpiece.
76561198050405960,Not Recommended,237930,23782837,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Mari,"I got this game because the art style and music are absolutely beautiful and it really cought my attention (also it was on sale). Unfortenately, thats all there really is to it.In the hour that I played, it just boiled down to endless fights with nothing much in between. I dont know why they put RPG in the description cuz there really arent any RPG elements.I dont want to say that I wouldnt recommend it, because I know that my opinion is biased. I'm just not a fan of fighting games, no matter how pretty."
,Not Recommended,237930,19168213,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,nathanwagenet,"Waste of my time and my money. Glad I bought it when it was steeply on sale. Bastion is many times better than this game. The first real boss, Sybil, is nearly impossible, being an enormous difficulty jump from anything you've fought previously. She also likes to cheat and move out of the way in the middle of your turn so that you can't backstab her, which makes no sense at all on top of how much health she has and how much damage she does.I literally can't even beat the first boss on the base difficulty, despite being able to beat everything in Bastion with all idols active.Don't buy this game."
,Not Recommended,237930,20210611,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Budget Spender,The most confusing♥♥♥♥♥♥I have ever seen being sold as a game.
76561198001677474,Not Recommended,237930,16569969,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,chad,"15 min and I have no wish to ever see this game again. Combat is awful and UI makes no sense. Why does this get good reviews? The music is suppose to be good, but you can't hear it over the continuous useless chatter of some male voice. This is the first time I've found a highly rated game to be so bad."
76561198004490997,Not Recommended,237930,16538079,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,GoldenH,"The fighting in this game isn't very interesting, and the upgrades don't introduce enough variety in fighting strategies to make the possibilities relevant. A nice art peace, but closer to a spectacle fighter than an arcadey button-smasher or timing based or strategic sim."
76561198141387864,Not Recommended,237930,13889146,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Empyrean,"This game is so boring. The voices for all the characters besides the transistor sound awful; it hurts just listening to them. The bad script didn't help either. Most of the time you will be walking through levels pretty much the same as the previous, coming across terminals filled with boring dialogue. The actual combat is easy. There are special ""backstage"" bonus challenges to complete, but those just feel tedious. The dialogue is bad, the art is repetitive, and the combat is boring. The only good thing about this game is the soundtrack.Not only that, the lead up to the 4 different bosses is executed so poorly. I killed the 1st boss without realising that it was a boss. Maybe it's because she looked just like everyone else or because there was no build up to the battle. The next 2 bosses did kind of have a build up, but when the time came to finally fight them, they had committed suicide. How boring. Yeah I could fight them, or I could walk in on their 2 dead bodies. The only boss done well was the final boss."
76561198006139600,Not Recommended,237930,15069411,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Zell,"Incredibly linear gameplay, no real break from the main storyline except for one contained little area you can access from time to time. Not much to do there though, and it doesn't help you with the main story. Speaking of the story, it's pretty vague, two hours in I still don't know why I'm fighting these enemies, what the enemies are, who the guy who's talking to me is, etc.Combat feels like a chore. You pick a set of actions, execute them, and then quickly run and hide for 5 seconds until you can do it again. You have the option of trying to fight normally, but the enemies are too strong to be handled this way.Honestly, everyone keeps saying that if you loved Bastion you'll love this game. Bastion is the greatest game I've played in years, really powerful story and really fun combat, with plenty of extra challenges. Transistor really didn't live up to my expectations."
,Not Recommended,237930,15063443,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,CT,I dont get the hype.
76561198005477736,Not Recommended,237930,15014133,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,KiwiCD,Overrated.
,Not Recommended,237930,15069001,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Brandon,Bastion felt alot better to me i did not like the combat or new style of this game.
76561198056517964,Not Recommended,237930,21653933,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Sogeking,"Now ... I dont know why I played this game through. Well it all started with the art design. Beautiful. Then I have seen the gameplay. You can combine a ability with another ability, which will only give his passiv to the first ability. But you can combine these abilities all over. Which I thought would be really cool. Sadly there is no real diffrence in these attacks. At the end its only you activate your timefreeze attack as often as you can run away become invisible and repeat :/ quite boring after the half of the game. Well meanwhile the story ... I really didnt understand the story at all. Maybe Im mentally handicaped or something but ... I just could not understand the story. So the game ended I didnt even wanted to find out about the story. The story is actually a good one. But they tell it in a horrible. In a way that you will not understand what is happening and in a way that you dont want to understand the feelings of the protagonist. Therefore the story gets boring.=>artwork 10/10Story 1/10    // this one point is for their thoughtsMechanics 4/10    //could be nice they made it badgamedesign 0/10"
,Not Recommended,237930,32930978,Posted: 28 June,all,¯\_(ツ)_/¯,"Amazing visuals, nice soundtrack, decent story (Narrator is rather annoying).Gamplay gets repetitive, boring and feels slow, clunky.Here is the bummer:The only doge ability leaves you stunned for about a second after using it, so your only real option is to walk around everything, but when the dog enemys start to appear thats not possible anymore because they are as fast as you..The game gets stupid and frustrating from that point on, didn't finish it."
76561198001091097,Not Recommended,237930,14269092,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,archaon_archi,"I wanted to like the game, but I coudn't.Art is amazing, music is great, and the combat system is quite good.Two problems have stopped me of getting fun of the game:- It's very linear. That's not a problem to me if the history is interesting, but this is not the case. I've seen this kind of histories hundreds of times in animes and such.- The combat is too chaotic. Either or you use a combo of functions which are too powerful, or you'll not be able to avoid getting hit by everything on the screen. The battlefield is too limited and you are too slow unless you constantly use turn(), the kinda turn based system.Does this all make it a bad game? Hell no, but I can't recommend it."
,Recommended,237930,11223649,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,FrontlinerDelta,Simply put: This is a masterpiece. Everyone should buy it.
,Recommended,237930,10180801,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Taquitoburrito,"So far so good, the combat system is a bit clunky, the story is eh right now and it has occasional freezes. 7/10 (So far)"
,Recommended,237930,10181131,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Rob Ravenclaw,"From its stunningly beautiful art work to its flawless tactical RPG style hack & slash combat Transistor will blow you away. The soundtrack isn't just there for show either, it draws you into the environment and helps build a wonderful atmosphere as you WASD (..or click) your way through the sprawling city of Cloudbank. The narration will feel instantly familiar to any fan of Bastion and brings life to Reds almost silent world. The combat is fresh and exciting allowing players the freedom to play real time or pause the action where upon the player can select and line up attacks before unpausing and watching Red seamlessly follow out your commands (at the price of a brief but punishing recharge time on their attacks).Overall Transistor stands on its own two feet as a unique and wonderful beautiful strategic action RPG with an intriguing story and deep combat & skill system. Without a doubt, Transistor is a Super..giant game to sing about..(sorry Red!)"
76561198105504393,Recommended,237930,10181340,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,NerfThemAll,One of the Hardest games i've ever played
,Not Recommended,237930,14394215,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Packet,"For such a short game, Transistor starts up very slow. Once you get a decent number of skills, the game becomes more interesting with all the possible combinations of equipping skills as primary, secondary or passive but that is pretty much all the game has going for it. The combat is not very fun so having all those skills later in the game is rather pointless.The story is very light, though somewhat good, the music is easily forgettable because you spend most of your time in paused combat mode and the art is great but not very varied.I really wanted to enjoy this more because of how great Bastion was but Bastion this is not."
,Not Recommended,237930,14407461,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Ragaboo,"I was a HUGE fan of Bastion. I loved the music, the art style, the narrator, and the game mechanics. It was fun throughout. So it made me profoundly disappointed when I played this game for a few hours and just didn't enjoy a second of it. Maybe I'm just playing this game wrong, but I was bored numb. The combat mechanic -- the core mechanic of the game -- just feels unchallenging and tedious."
,Not Recommended,237930,14520590,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,toblix,"Looks great, sound fantastic and has some really cool mechanics around combat abilities and how they interact and combine in interesting ways. Unfortunately, the combat itself is tedious and unsatisfying."
,Not Recommended,237930,13875038,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Sgt. WantCuddles,"A disappointing combat system leads to frustration and headaches.  I was really looking forward to this game and it's such a letdown.  Transistor's combat alternates between clunky and infuriating.  The game is both incredibly short and entirely too long. The music is great, but can only be accessed in-game in the challenges area.Transistor feels like a long demo, or something Supergiant games cut their teeth on before making the glorious triumph that is Bastion.  I'm actually very disappointed that I bought this game. I wanted to like it, but it really just made me want to play Bastion again and pretend this never happened."
76561198091744754,Not Recommended,237930,33162121,Posted: 2 July,all,chryskwa,"Really nice graphics, good tutorial, interesting turn based fighting.   Started getting a bit bored with with it pretty quickly, though, so just not my style of gameplay."
,Recommended,237930,12762190,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Prisoner 24601,not as good as bastion but still pretty good
,Not Recommended,237930,16121742,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,minuteye,"It's a beautifully atmospheric game: the music, the voice acting, the visuals, they're all gorgeous. And as a fan of Bastion, I really wanted to like Transistor. Unfortunately, though, the combat system is an unintuitive, chaotic mess. It's full of interesting ideas executed horribly, and the result feels sticky and unsatisfying. I found myself dreading combat encounters instead of relishing them, and for a game that's 95% combat... that's a deal-breaker."
,Not Recommended,237930,20155704,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,astatinium,"Very good looking game but its more of the same. I liked playing it because i love the design of it, but the story is poor and you must repeat it if you want to unlock more prizes. It looks more like a interactive design book than a game. Also, the main character is a female that does NOT speak so you will hear a male talking all the time which is boring as hell."
,Not Recommended,237930,20800231,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,cold toilet seat,Kinda boring
,Not Recommended,237930,14555513,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,QueadlunnRau,Would the game just STFU and let me play ... OMG too much stupid pointless endlees fragmented dialog.
76561197965491804,Not Recommended,237930,16718587,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,brantoc,"Graphics are nice, gameplay is interesting.Just can't control the save game at all, so if someone distracts you, or a real life thing happens and you die twice .. You are totally screwed. Can not hurt anything and can never advance in the game ever again. Can't even start over.  Plyed 20 min, and the last 15 were trying to figure out how to start over.."
76561198008019408,Not Recommended,237930,17966207,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,dutko,"very hard to learn, horrible tutorial. good music and pretty game though.overall found the control scheme very wonky and un fun."
76561197998450381,Not Recommended,237930,13754905,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Danivus,"I'm sure this game is as gorgeous as everyone says, but holy♥♥♥♥♥♥do the options leave something to be desired.No borderless windowed and no support higher than 1080p in a modern game is just accaceptable."
,Not Recommended,237930,14533953,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Gear the Dragon,This is not a review this is a complaintthis game would be good if i can run this game but i cant it says i need a better graphic card that a intel HD graphic card is not good enough so i say if you dont have a high end computer than dont buy this game
76561198132177676,Not Recommended,237930,20799450,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Red Sun,"It's a slow-paced game with an uncompelling story, shallow character development, and overly difficult combat. The game starts you out with a lot of questions, almost none of which are ever answered. The only favorable aspect of the game is the mix & matching of combat powers, which provides an interesting way of customizing combat to suit your style. I would recommend this game only if it came with multiple difficulty settings and a deeper, richer story line. But lacking these things, it's a poor way to spend your money."
76561198001179934,Not Recommended,237930,15097080,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Unnamed soul,"20€ is just too much for a repetitive 2D puzzle. i thought it was Hack and slash and action combat, well it would be anything than entertainment - unless you're a woman who enjoys being ear penetrated by a man's voice. And I need to pay extra for the soundtrack? Are you kidding me ....You cannot hack and slash anyone in 2D (at least I can't - my moral ethic won't let me).This game was like playing Larry (you know Larry, right) but you can't screw anyone. Only the voice trapped in the magic sword earfcks you through-out ..""Oh look a pretty woman running around Oh wait I know, let's buy this game and support the industry. PFfffffffff...""*throws both hands up in the air with despair and puts on a free documentary."
,Not Recommended,237930,13800627,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Arcum,Uninteresting combat and storyline.  I guess this game just wasn't for me.
,Not Recommended,237930,13805933,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Arkham IKnight,This is nothing like Bastion not even close + the ending is stupid.I'm really disappointed .
76561197971404206,Not Recommended,237930,13865935,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Serch,"Great game until it decided to remove all my progress for no reason, way to kill a game for me."
,Not Recommended,237930,20120146,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,TcheQ,"This game made no sense from start to finish.  I still don't understand what the point was. Seemed like a lot of wank with no storyline or redeeming gameplay.  Not worth the $1.50 I paid on Steam Sale.  Zero connection to the characters, no idea wtf was going on, completely linear, boring repetitive combat, annoying voiceover that wouldn't shut up, and to top it off it wasn't even over fast enough.  It begrudged me I even had to sit through the credits. Completed + uninstalled (as you can see from play time, it's <2 hrs)."
76561198088265767,Not Recommended,237930,14831121,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,btbrotherton,I just couldn't get into this game. It's way too easy and the atmosphere is quite depressing.
76561198204001891,Not Recommended,237930,21338208,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,JUUEN,How can u call a boring game good game.........?不是很明白这个游戏是怎么能好评如潮的，是的画面精致音乐感人。。。但是不好玩的游戏还能叫好游戏？
76561198070421597,Not Recommended,237930,20390366,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,NG14916,"I bought Transistor because people recommended it for having a good story. The gameplay is a somewhat fun fusion between strategy and action RPG, albeit very repetitive since the enemy types aren't mixed up that much - in the final area you almost exclusively fight a single enemy type in every battle which gets tedious.However, the story isn't very good. The ending is interesting, but the rest is lacking. Half the plot is buried in logs that you have to unlock by using your abilities in different ways. The logs are very dry and not particularly interesting to read. If they'd been spiced up, like by having them take the form of diary entries, they might allow some character development. Unfortunately, they read like encyclopedia entries.The other half of the plot is okay, but I couldn't bring myself to care very much about the city, the process, or the Camerata. Unfortunately the story doesn't do much to make you invested in what happens to the city since it's a pretty empty setting and you don't see it before the process starts attacking it. You also don't get to interact with many characters in the city, which doesn't help.The plot also just doesn't have much meat to it, with few twists and not much happening. That's not so bad since it's a fairly short game, but I would have liked to see a bit more. It has a good sense of atmosphere and the style of the dialogue has a noire feel. As a backdrop to the gameplay the plot is fine, but it doesn't stand well on its own.As far as characters go, the man in the sword is fairly interesting and you get pretty attached to him through the course of the story. Unfortunately, he's the only interesting character in the game. Red, the protagonist, had potential, but is unfortunately silent. She does occasionally communicate with the man in the sword through writing in terminals, but those moments are few and far between and don't convey an interesting personality. You get hints at an interesting relationship between Red and the man in the sword, but since she's silent it can't develop very much.Overall, I felt pretty disappointed by the story. But if all you're looking for is fun gameplay then this game might entertain you for a few hours."
76561198036066509,Recommended,237930,23718897,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,MSONE,wee woo
,Not Recommended,237930,19464159,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,OVERTIME,Sh­it
76561198038211802,Not Recommended,237930,22769413,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,zumiuran,"I bought the game cause I saw it on sale, had good reviews and I enjoyed playing bastion, another game from the same developer. When I got this game I was also playing other games at the time so I just played it once for like a 20 minutes then it sat on the shelf for a while till I could get around to it again.Next time I went to play the game for some reason the game would only appear in the upper left of my screen and will not move. The rest of my play time has mostly been trying to get this game to work again.  I've tried many of the fixes I've seen online but so far nothing has really worked. I did get it to work a few times by tabbing in and out of the game a certain way but I've forgotten exactly what I did and that seems to only sometimes work. I've also tried to get a refund a while ago and it was denied due to the fact I owned it too long so now I'm stuck with this game I paid money for and the many hours I spent trying to get this game to work.  It was fun to play when it worked but is not worth the effort."
76561198140875587,Recommended,237930,24368947,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,TOPSON2,Not Like This
76561198251201362,Not Recommended,237930,18117086,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,erocjlim,"This game has so many bugs I don't even know where to start. I couldn't even get this game to start after looking online and trying all combinations of solutions for more bugs than you can count on your hands and feet. Usually, I try to deal with it but this is just ridiculous. i DO NOT RECOMMEND. This company needs a basic lesson on quality control. How do you expect your customers to enjoy the game when they can't even open it? Check your damn forums, numnuts."
,Recommended,237930,23589865,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Cheeki Breeki Iv Damke,♥♥♥♥ cluckers....those things are worse than genital herpes.
76561198150849960,Not Recommended,237930,28091814,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Gorilla_Mophead,"Just an initial impression:Gorgeous looking, excellent voice acting and the story seemed intriguing.BUTI cannot get past that gameplay. That weird turn system... you are just getting ,mauled until you have the chance to freeze time again... wish it was just the beautiful dungeon crawler I thought it was.Hope I can get the hang of it enough to experience the story.... but I am definitley wishing I had my money back."
76561198017707984,Not Recommended,237930,28417384,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Schrute Farms,It's no Bastion.  The controls are awkward and the game never gave me a reason to master them or even bother setting up my mouse to deal with it.  It suffered from the shadow of its greater here I feel.  C+ effort.
76561198083614682,Recommended,237930,20020658,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Honey,I have never cryed so much this game is amazing in everyway i can not see anything bad about this is a must buy..
76561198003066842,Not Recommended,237930,17954334,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,SuperSpesh,"System requriments are a lie.Can you handle a top down game with mostly 2D visuals that avarage at 27 fps?! NO then dont but this. Also graphic settings are really poor . wont even allow me to change it to 720p from 1080p to fit the screen properly and boost up the fps.  Game it self is good but only if you have a decent computer. Bastion ran 2x better performance vise but combat and art style wasnt nearly as interesting.I found this fix to boost the fps 4 or 5 frames, But still low for my case.1. Right Click Transistor in your Steam Library2. Properties -> Set Launch Options...3. /Bloom=false /DrawRecursivePaths=false4. Hit ok and try running the game - see if that helpAdditionally you can set the following launch options, which may help with performance:/windowed /noborderYou may also increase performance by decreasing your resolution in-game."
,Recommended,237930,10193041,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Vsin,"Let met just say this about the game: whether you think the story was good or bad will be HEAVILY determined by what you think of the ending.  I don't want to spoil it, but I can admit that the ending is farily open-ended.Gameplay, though?  It's probably one of the most robust combat systems in the last decade, with a lot of meaningful customization and meaningful reasons to utilize that customization.  I never thought I'd actually like a mechanic that temporarily disables certain abilities..."
76561198078904953,Not Recommended,237930,34481048,Posted: 25 August,all,larry.song,"mac, xbox one s controller can't be recognised, neither bluetooth nor wired."
76561198055002393,Not Recommended,237930,20367495,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,MegaBass,"It's ashame it took me over 2 hours to realize how much I despise this game, because I really wish I could return it >=[Positives - Artwork is phenomenal, the muisc and sound design is great, and the narrrative kept me enganged.Negatives - I will mention something that other people didn't, when you go to read on what your abilities acutally do they just give vague descriptions, instead of ""this effect charms non boss monsters and lasts 5 seconds"" and if you wanted to look up how much damage the attacks do I think you have to go through 2 menus and then click on a seperate tab, it got on my nervers quick.  People keep saying the combat system ""is so unique and different and innovative"" but other game have done it before, and much better!"
,Not Recommended,237930,28085509,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Lord Dickinson,"My main issue with the game is the actual gameplay, the other negative reviews talk plenty about that.The recognizable music is Björk songs from 10-20 years ago with less variation and stylistic elements.Compare this to ""We All Become"":https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M1Wwbw2gCcAIf you are going for that style why not go all the way and make it interesting?For example: the break-beats in the background are unpronounced and repetetive.Raising their volume and adding variation/increase complexity would go a long way.Some of the instrumentals in between fights are terrible and loop very badly, this is something you only notice when you actually take time to wait and listen.I can't find them anywhere on the internet and they aren't on the soundtrack, so sadly I can't show an example.Some visual stuff is out whack, like the alpha blending on the  ""dustcloud"" sprite (see top middle)http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=809109832"
76561198075541199,Not Recommended,237930,28484966,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,_myon,"Sadly, this game is not as memorable as Bastion.Visually, the game is very beautiful. The narrative technique is as good as it gets. The music is great as you might expect from this developer. The story is okay. But the game is let down by its overly-complex combat system and its corresponding configuration UI.The game makes no (zero!) effort at introducing you to the complex customizations that are possible. It uses a lot of jargon that it doesn't explain and an absurdly complex UI that is completely non-obvious. I actually had to watch a youtube video explaining it after I managed to re-arrange my abilities in a way that made sure I could no longer kill enemies. Oops?Finishing the game felt like a chore as I button-mashed my way through enemies. Eventually, I kinda-sorta figured out how to use the battle mechanics to string together some combos but by then the game was ending.(Not as big a deal, but I found the default controls to be unplayable. The auto-cast option was a disaster that contributed a lot to the button-mash-and-pray playstyle I used for the first half of the game. I highly recommend turning it off.)The combat system is notbadonce you understand it, but its complexity isn't warranted for a game of its length (which took me 4 hours, skipping the trial rooms). This game would be much more enjoyable on a second playthrough.I don't recommend the game if you don't have the patience to learn an intricate combat system for a very short game. You'll probably like this if you liked Bastion, though."
76561198046617310,Not Recommended,237930,16031829,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,FroggyIntention,"Transistor. Ever since I finished Transistor I have been in two minds about it and frankly I cannot make it up. Visually the world is stunning, the soundtrack marvelous, the story is interesting and the combat is both entertaining and interesting. When I reached the end however, I didn't quite believe it. All I could think is 'Where is the rest?' Frankly, the game was great, but then it ended out of nowhere, and I was not happy with the abrupt and unsatisfying finish. I don't mind a short game at all, but I just cannot quite grasp that it should have ended there, when it felt like I was only getting deeper into the story. There was no wow moment, no satisfying conclusion or memorable final encounter. It just ended, and I was upset in a bad way. It pains me to not recommend Transistor, when it was executed it was beautiful, but ultimately the experience wasn't worth it. All I can say is it was like Bastion again with a different setting, soundtrack and combat changes, but disapointing. The soundtrack I will take with me, but nothing more than a rather painful parting to say I don't recommend this game. If you want something mostly similar, but satisfying to the last second, I thoroughly recommend Bastion. I'm sorry Supergiant."
76561198124744325,Not Recommended,237930,16450555,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,TheGearsNoob,♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,237930,16402474,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,doganis68,"Id love to give this a great reivew, i loved playing it for the few minuetes i got, then the game started crashing after i quit and i havent been able to fix it via any method listed on steam or the manufactures website.  Very questiable as im running a great setup capable of running other more pc intensive games.  Very sad, if you can make it work its great."
,Not Recommended,237930,15513258,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,knives natsuki,"It's pretty and kind of interesting, but I couldn't keep playing it. The lack of camera angles just ruined the game for me, I feel ripped off because it's like they wanted to be lazy and not finish the game graphically. Being unable to follow my character just wrecked the world for me and limited any immersion. I'm not asking for much, just let me move with a character as it interacts with the world. That seems fundamental to a game with RPG elements.It's a waste to have denied us entire sections of a beautifully constructed world and made exploring feel very shallow.So, yes, beautiful music and maybe an interesting story line, but such a disappointment gameplay wise. It's just such a frustratingly easy thing to avoid. If Don't Starve can have rotating camera angles, then why can't Transistor?tl;dr let me follow the character please and actually see the world."
76561198134318332,Not Recommended,237930,16458997,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,onehungrynomad,dis not finish the game... played about 30 minutes and just got bored with it. the narrator is annoying.soundtrack is great though.probably a better game for kids or people who really need to be told what to do. casual gamers.
,Not Recommended,237930,16575068,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Thermohaline,"I am very sad to not recommend this game as the gameplay, art direction, and overall design is as solid as it gets.I was  a bit dissappointed that exploring the maps was not rewarded like it was in Bastion. Especially where choice is a theme emphasized by the OVC terminals.Unfortunately, the plot leaves something to be desired. I don't want spoil the whole plot but,I can't resisit writting a large amount of information in the blacked-out ""spoiler space"" to make it seem like I am.  I really love the suprise beginnig and the late plot twists.  I really, really liked the villans.  They were well-developed, myopic, and good-intentioned citizens thinking they had the ""greater good"" in mind.  But the Romeo+Juliet finish is a bit much for me.  Romance was not sufficiently integrated to the plot.  The sum total of the plot was about high society dealings, cult-driven terrorism, and individual ambitions over status quo.  The ending was about irrational love.  If they wanted a love-theme they should have emphasized that rather than these other, competing themes.It really bothered me that they chose to emphasize the ""choice"" theme via the OVC terminals.  Only, in the end to not really choose the way that SuperGiant gave you a choice last time.One last thing: HOLES. Gaping holes in how the protagonist(s) got ~100 blocks from the empty set to the scene where she first draws out the transistor.  Never explain how they ""took Red's voice"", or why she never gets it back, never adequate information for conjecture of where Breaker came from, etc.Please don't get me wrong, I don't dislike this game beacuse it ""isn't Bastion"". I dislike this game beacuse they didn't use the same compositional techniques of theme integration that leads the player to a satisfying conclusion that fits the plot in all the right ways.If you feel that plot stuff is not part of your gaming experience, then by all means, dig in.  It is  a fun action/puzzle challlenge in a moving sci-fi utopia gone-wrong atmosphere."
76561197996466638,Not Recommended,237930,16588808,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Doug,Needs significantly more explanation as to what the hell is going on.
76561198034552198,Not Recommended,237930,14781709,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Nebula,"As a big fan of bastion I had high standards for this game and while I haven't finished it yet I'm so far very disappointed. The story feels forced to me, it tries to get you to feel certain things about characters you know basically nothing about. The combat system just feels clunky and half of the time you can win by just spamming moves in planning mode, which causes the gameplay to get super repetitive, especially since there are a small amount of enemies that feel like they are designed to be super lame and cheap. Speaking of planning mode, I've spent more time waiting for the sword to recharge than I have actually planning. The system in which you blend different attacks together is interesting but at least in the first two hours very few of them actually seem to blend together very well and after spamming breach 100 times and falling asleep to the story it was hard to justify continuing to play the game. I will attempt to finish it and I hope transistor changes my opinion by the ending."
,Not Recommended,237930,17423150,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Prasfear,Broken
76561198063081489,Not Recommended,237930,17436845,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,ingmar_deruiter,"Game does a poor job of how it is meant to be played and how its mechanics work. Story does not really move, there is no sese of urgency in what you do. It is pretty however and the soundtrack is good."
76561198023884900,Not Recommended,237930,15705842,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,o_O,"The visuals and music in this game are sublime. The gameplay is original and pretty fun.But for me, that just wasn't quite enough. The game is short, but that's almost a blessing - any longer, and the effect of the impressive superficials might have worn off. Leaving what?The combat system? Sure, the number of abilities and combinations is technically impressive. But they don't feel distinct enough, and when you've settled on a couple of combos that work, the disappointing variation in enemies and encounters just doesn't challenge you to switch things up.How about the plot? There's no lack of originality. Right from the beginning I had plenty of questions, and eagerly sought out more information about the world and... situation. The game ended, though, before I really got any answers, and there just isn't enough time to get to know the characters.All in all, then, an ambitious effort from what is clearly a very talented team, but one that just falls short of the mark."
76561197963119461,Not Recommended,237930,15660129,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Chebz,IT STILL DOES NOT WORK!! I tried every solution possible I could find online. GAME DOES NOT START!Running Win7 x64.
,Not Recommended,237930,15407089,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Dee,The controller controls are acceptable and okay.The keyboard and mouse controls for this game are HORRIBLE!!  WHAT WERE THE DEVS THINKING WHEN THEY MADE THEM?  I thought indie game companies knew how to sort this♥♥♥♥♥♥out.I liked Bastion better.
76561198016880425,Not Recommended,237930,25000959,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Retrograde,"Hated it. They should have just made the animation film they wanted to make. i liked bastion, but this is a mess. A very pretty mess with a great soundtrack."
76561197972446878,Not Recommended,237930,14387533,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,underscore,"It's pretty and the music is good but I got bored of the combat really quick.  Feels repetitive.  I got tired of the freeze time and plan your moves gameplay mechanic.  I prefer action combat in my adventure games.  Bastion gameplay was much better.  If you like strategy games, you might be ok with the combat."
76561198045805538,Recommended,237930,24323033,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Browen Gazebolo,Shut the F*ck up!I'm not crying......*Sniffle*
76561198084580561,Not Recommended,237930,35112091,Posted: 21 September,all,noquedanmasnick,"I don't get this game, and seriously neither the positive reviews.PROS:-Artsyle.-Most of the soundtrack.CONS:-Very short.-Scenarios are actually very static and dead. You feel like playing over a picture.-Level design is so simple that almost does not exist: small areas that allow no freedom connected by elevators. Thas's it.-The sword is talking to you all the time but saying nothing. Feels like a weird filler, like the incomplete and horribly told story.-The gameplay is OKish, but have two things I really disliked: avoiding to be attacked is almost impossible, and the game punish you in the worst way: if you are confronting an enemy too strong, or a big group of them, you will be losing abilities until you ""die"", when no ability is left to be taken from you."
,Not Recommended,237930,16709506,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Jaxxxson,"Did not enjoy the game at all, I can't understand the positivity surrounding it.  It has a nice atmosphere, good voice acting and great music, but that shouldn't justify the boring gameplay."
76561198143030878,Recommended,237930,28960064,Posted: 2 January,all,blumenleere,"Wow! I just finished one of the most beautiful games I've every played. This game is clearly a piece of art in every way: Story, graphics, sound, music. o what fantastic music!The gameplay itself is mainly a very interesting tactical combat, where you can combine effects to adjust to enemies.I will surely return soon and start from the beginning!"
76561198041371573,Not Recommended,237930,19535029,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,paul,"All else was done well, as I'm sure you'll read in other reviews, but I just can't give this game a pass. The core game mechanic feels limited and repetative, in spite of the interesting function-combining feature."
,Recommended,237930,10181672,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Connish,"Fantastic, absolutely fantastic. TENOUTTATEN!"
,Recommended,237930,10181505,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,TSM Nereus,"Truly gorgeous, from a gameplay standpoint it's clever and complex without mechanics saturation, the graphics are truly an eye candy and the soundtrack, well you need to hear for yourself..."
76561197970531463,Recommended,237930,10181514,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,smacky777,This game is incredible. Amazing design and very original.
,Recommended,237930,10181609,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Arfurboy,"Great Setting & Music.Satisfying combat.Decent enough story.If you liked Bastion, you will like this."
,Recommended,237930,35098081,Posted: 20 September,all,Alejandro,"#include <iostream>int main(){std::cout << ""beautiful artwork, "";std::cout << ""marvellous soundtrack,"";std::cout << ""interesting gameplay "";std::cout << ""and a really nice story."";return 0;}"
76561197970705636,Recommended,237930,14755023,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Lesbillionaire puff-mommy,Stylized sensory overload.Buy if you fancy pretty.
,Not Recommended,237930,34770622,Posted: 5 September,all,CaLi,"Good graphics, music and storyline. But if you're looking for fast hack and slash, this is not the one. The gameplay is extremely repetetive, similar to dota 2, to the point where it just becomes boring."
76561198041536230,Not Recommended,237930,24472507,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,ConstantsandVariables,0/10needs more boyfriend swords.
76561197977320367,Not Recommended,237930,13308032,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,8-bit,Played not really having a clue what I was doing or what was going on. Visually beautiful but gameplay was like a simple turnbased beat'em up. Wouldn't exactly recommend it as it didn't quite rock my world.It needs a tutorial and possibly a more detailed intro as I haven't a clue what I was doing half of the time. Without these I feel a little pushed to recommend it.
,Not Recommended,237930,28882302,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,hawkzy,"+pretty okay soundtrack+interesting story+pleasing art-gameplay is pretty boring, it may as well be turn-based since you can't really do much outside of the time-freeze thing-gameplay is novel at first but gets old quick due to aboveGo play Bastion instead, that one's much better."
,Not Recommended,237930,13216202,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Ridley,"The game doesn't seem as rewarding as Bastion. It seems to combine two game aspects together and does it well but too often it felt like I wasn't rewarded for using my head. Much of the game feels generally complete and well made, which is good, but the build up to being something can be aggrivating. Maybe just a dodge button when you wait on cooldown would've made you feel less like you're playing a turn based strategy game where the enemy doesn't wait."
,Not Recommended,237930,28880621,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Blacktay,"The GNU/Linux port is abysmal. You have to choose between:- Playing the game from Steam, and watch it crash during the load screen or the start of the game- Launch the game outside of Steam, with no Steam integration, and play without Steamworks, so might as well get the GoG version.- Launch the game outside of Steam, with Steam integration, and get no sound.Avoid the Steam OS version of this game like the plague."
,Not Recommended,237930,17856728,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Orma,♥♥♥♥♥gameplay but it looks nice
76561198078932306,Not Recommended,237930,13717872,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,D-man,if you only play games for the story then go ahead and buy it but if your like me and you care about gameplaythen dont i hated it the combat isent fun there  is no ranged its basicaly excute this plan and wach its just stupid and infuriated  me if you like good gameplay stroy graphics sound and voice acting go and buy the game bastion not this mess
,Not Recommended,237930,30984237,Posted: 6 April,all,HeyHeyHeathery,"I bought this game for $7. For that price, I'm okay with it. But since the game's full retail price is $20, I can't recommend it for that.Pros:The art is beautiful. So colorful and vivid -- a true pleasure to gaze upon.Creative weapon/power set-up that lets you combine weapons and ""powers"" to create unique attacks.Cons:The story is too convoluted. From what I can gather on other reviews, I'm a little past the halfway point on the game now. I'm only just now beginning to understand--kind of--the plot/story. It's very confusing. I like story-heavy games, so this is a major downfall in my eyes. It may not bother other people too much.It takes too long to get the hang of how to work the weapons/attacks. As mentioned above, it's cool how you do it with combining them and whatnot, but it's not explained properly. As a result, I spent the first 1-2 hours just button mashing instead of effectively doing anything.The gameplay is VERY monotonous. Run around a colorful city. Attack a bunch of ""monster machines"" (for lack of a better word). Rinse and repeat.The sword honestly gets on my nerves. He never shuts up. Some people like it, but I found his voice to be grating and his commentary unnecessary and not even that helpful in the grand scheme of things.I might finish this game at some point, but because of its monotony, it only holds my interest for maybe 30 minutes at a time."
,Not Recommended,237930,10916884,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,The White Pikmin,"Although the art style and music were very well done i felt that the story and gameplay fell a little short. The concept for combat is interesting but i don't believe it was executed correctly. Another problem is that there is practicaly no explanation for anything, at all. The characters (i should say character) reffered to names and places like i should know what they mean and it frustrated me to the point of forcing my way further into the game until quiting entirely. I would not recomend this to anyone who wants a solid RPG with story."
76561198045818220,Not Recommended,237930,13842041,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Where are my pants?!,it's not a bad game. I just felt the game play was a little hard to understand and also a little wonkie. What i ended up doing was spamming one attack that would do the most damage. Sorry was interesting but didn't have the choices you had in bastion also shorter. If you liked Bastion this is a lesser of that so i wouldn't recommend it to people who didn't play Bastion.
76561198168346778,Not Recommended,237930,35352774,Posted: 30 September,all,Atrushan,"I wish I could recommend this game. I loved ""Bastion"" and I really tried to like Transistor, but it's just not nearly as good.The biggest issue is the story. It's way too vague and confusing to make heads or tails. The motives of the characters are unclear and so is the whole setting and what's happening around.How are you supposed to care about anything if the game doesn't give you enough information to begin with? However that's not the only problem. If you want to gather even the flimsiest of hints about the story, you have to switch the ability positions (and therefore their effect). That may sound innovative at first, but in truth it just prevents you from having any working combination at all for most of the time.Speaking of abilities: If you happen to lose, the fight will just continue but the game locks one of your very few skills until you get to the next save point. And having to fight (and win) with your main ability disabled is... just as fun as it sounds: annoying.With the story and battle system ruled out, what's left of the game? A decent running time (didn't feel short), nice music and a good ""narrator"" doing the commentary. At the bottom line it's not much and even though I bought it on discount, I feel like both my money and time were wasted."
,Not Recommended,237930,35397905,Posted: 1 October,all,chum dumpster,"There's a lesson to be learned from Transistor (or at least i tell myself that so I don't feel like I completely wasted the 5 bux I spent on in). See, it's no longer enough to simply look at reviews for a game and focus simply on the percentage of positive reviews; that's the mistake I made. When an indie game is Overwhelmingly Positive like Transistor is, you've got to put in a bit of work by going down and reading some of the top reviews. If you find a lot of people jerking off over how ""emotionally breathtaking"" the game is, or calling it ""an experience for the soul"" or some such garbage, without anyone saying the gameplay was really cool or fun, understand that the game is almost guaranteed to be pretentious trash that only appeals to obnoxious dickweeds. In Transistor's case specifically, I kept seeing reviews for this game where people would recommend it despite admitting they didn't understand the story OR the gameplay before they finished the game. How dense do you have to be to play through an entire game without knowing what the ♥♥♥♥ you're doing and then turn around and say it's good?The gameplay is confusing and bad, the story sucks, and every single character is annoying. Special regards to the support character (a sword) who literally never shuts up and speaks every line in an annoying hushed whisper of a voice. Try playing this game without getting irritated by him, i DARE you. It's got some nice art, sure, but do you want to pay $5-20 so you can admire a couple pictures in a video game? If so, what the ♥♥♥♥ is wrong with you?Oh, and you can legitimately beat the game in 3-5 hours, too (I did it in 2.6, apparently, but I obviously just wanted it to be over so I could say I finished it). If you want to dismiss my other critiques because they knocked the beret off your fat head, fine; but the game is super short and has no real replay value. There's no defending that."
,Not Recommended,237930,13962416,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Kurosawa-Fan,"It pains me to write a negative review about something that I had anticipated for quite some time, but there are a few aspects about Transistor that irritate the hell out of me. I wasn't as smitten by developer Supergiant's previous game Bastion as some others, but the game was aesthetically beautiful and its mechanics, whilst simple, worked when paired with the often interesting narrative.But Transistor is a swing and a miss this time around. Of course it looks and sounds beautiful, its unique visuals and haunting soundtrack being two of the game's biggest pluses, but that's where it ends. The story - well, what story, really? Honestly, the story seems to be deliberately vague as if that alone invites interest, but it's more infuriating than intriguing. I haven't finished the game yet, so perhaps this is a moot point, but the way the story is dished out to you isn't compelling me to finish the game any time soon. The world itself is innovative, but so sparsely populated that at no point does it feel truly immersive.The combat system is initially interesting, given that you can play in a quasi-turn based style or real time, but after a few fights the flaws become apparent. The skill pairing and upgrade system is a little confusing at first, at least in my opinion, and I found that you ultimately rely on one or two attacks for most of your battles. Most fights end up being repetitive and dull. You move from zone to zone, from one fight to another in tightly contained areas, scarcely interacting with the world. There are some cut-scenes, quizzes and bits of text that are presented to you from time to time which I assume are meant to give us more information about the world, but Transistor falls into the same trap that a lot of games do with regards to world-building, which is that it tells us rather than shows us what we want or need to know.Plus to add insult to injury, the narrator's voice simply rubs me the wrong way. Perhaps it's the delivery, the tone, or the echo-ey effect given to the sword, but I found it simply grates.Transistor is a weird blend of okay-but-hardly-revelatory fight mechanics and a barely interesting story. It looks and sounds beautiful (if you ignore the narration) but is nowhere nearly as compelling as Bastion was. I absolutely wanted to like it more than I did, and given all the overwhelmingly positive reviews for this I guess I must be missing something, but in the end I felt let down by its mechanics and narrative. I will play it to the end, but am in no rush to do so.PROS:+ unique and gorgeous art style+ beautiful, moody music+ combat system tries something different with its blend of real-time/turn-based strategyCONS:- repetitive fights- confusing skill system- dull, deliberately obtuse story and weak world-building (though the world itself is fascinating in its own right)- narrator's voice (for me) gets on the nerves"
,Not Recommended,237930,13837896,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Andrew,I find combat terrible.
,Not Recommended,237930,13799748,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Jim,"Vague storyline and ending that makes no sence.Death lets you keep playing, but with less tools, so you are less likly to survive.Turn based combat disguised as real time combat. Interesting, but a little dull after the first dozen combats.Recommendation: Play Bastion instead."
,Not Recommended,237930,13817533,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Nadir,"Transistor plays like a three-hour interactive cutscene. The gameplay fails to challenge in any meaningful way. Your first ""function"" (weapon) overshadows all the others, especially with one or two choice powerups. The story hints at something interesting, but it's told through breathy, ellipsis-laden narration."
,Not Recommended,237930,15082971,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,E- la -in,Really really boring game. I would have to force myself to play the boring doing nothing. I honestly don't know what this game is trying to be. Very uninteresting game
,Not Recommended,237930,13672337,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,muffinsAKA,"A really beautiful game both visually and audibly, but the gameplay, though seemingly varied, gets pretty old pretty quick. Plays the same cryptic story lines as Bastion and one could argue it is even more cryptic."
76561198119473544,Not Recommended,237930,13775541,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,awleffew,This game is aweful.  I played 30 minutes and I wish I could get my money back.
,Not Recommended,237930,24014379,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Finraziel,"I don't like this game, and I'm not sure why apparently 96% of reviews are positive... The graphics are nice and the music is awesome, but the gameplay??? To me it falls completely flat on its face.There is a turn mechanic where you can pause the action and queue up some commands that Red (the protagonist) then executes very fast. After the turn however, you're left pretty much powerless and have to wait until you're able to do anything besides walking. Maybe this is supposed to invoke strategic play? To me it just seems dumb and I tend to ignore turn.But when not using turn, the game plays like a confusing arpg where you walk like through water and it's almost impossible to dodge. There is a power that lets you blitz in a direction, but it only slightly alleviates the problem. Most of your other attacks are also slow to use (with a buildup time) and once started you can't interrupt them, so no blitzing out.Then there's the fact that it's hard to get used to where your powers are. You're free to arrange them at certain points where you can customize your powers, but then there are special stages where you get powers assigned to you (and can't change the buttons) and the absolute worst thing that this game does: it strips powers from you when you die! (or rather, you don't die, you just lose a power). So if you were already struggling, now you're made weaker and if you rearrange your powers to compensate have to get used to a new control scheme again.All in all, the game just really confuses and frustrates me. Maybe if I'd persevere I'd get used to it, but seeing how many hours other reviewers put in before singing this game's praises, it's more likely that the game just isn't for me and I'm refunding it before passing the 2 hour mark.I personally don't recommend the game based on my experience, but since so many people do love it, I'd suggest you do try it and simply refund it if your experience turns out to be like mine. Oh and I did love Bastion..."
,Not Recommended,237930,13682777,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,thisfred,"Kept hearing good things, so I decided to give it a go, after finding Bastion terminally boring, but it's the same again: looks and sounds gorgeous, gameplay is duller than a butter knife."
76561198002773792,Not Recommended,237930,33934977,Posted: 31 July,all,sjkireland,"Im sorry , i loved Bastion and this one but this game felt like paying to see a movie and getting an episode , i felt cheated you cashed in and didn't put the work in, where is the rest of it ? i refuse to buy anything more from you till i see it"
,Not Recommended,237930,15590502,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,TheFinkinator,"Here is the most important thing I can say about Transistor:IF YOU ARE THINKING ABOUT BUYING THIS BECAUSE YOU LOVED BASTION, THINK AGAINNow that I've made that point, the rest of this review is just well thought out, analytic fluff.I had such high hopes for transistor. Bastion was a masterpiece. This game has great art just like its older sibling, and while the soundtrack cant touch Bastion's, all of the tracks that include lyrics are still pretty good, though all the ones that dont include a voice are painfully forgettable.  A game doesnt have to have an award winning soundtrack like Bastion, but if I put four long hours into a game, and then after listening to the soundtrack cant recognize ONE track, then you did something wrong.Transistor is based around a very good idea, but one that was executed poorly. The battle system revolves around the main plot device - Your talking sword, which has reality warping capabilities, namely slowing down time. You choose up to four attacks to use, and customize them with a very sophistcated system that Ill explain later, and with one attack assigned to each face button on the controller, you can attack at will. But doing this will inevitably get you killed. The only way to win, and what the game encourages you to do, is to use the time slowing power I mentioned.To do battle, (and there are A LOT of them), you press the trigger to initiate Turn() which stops time. You have an action meter at the top of the screen that will slide down as you do actions like walking or attacking. When it reaches 0 you cant do anything else. Then you hit the trigger again and watch as the main character Red does all the moves you did super fast before enemies can react.This is where it starts to go bad.After you execute all your attacks, the Turn() meter has to refill. While it is refilling, you can do NOTHING. Let me explain how much sense this makes. Like I said, when you are in battle, you can attack at will, as much as you want, and it doenst affect the action meter at all. But after you use the Turn() function, NOW ALL OF A SUDDEN, the lack of a full action meter is preventing your attacks from working. It goes further than that though.Youre defenseless (theres ONE attack that can be used during this recharge period. and attacks can also be equipped to other attacks as modifiers. so this can be equipped to let you use any ONE attack during recharge. Ill get back to that.), in a field of enemies that generally move faster than you do, with no run function. So youre going to take damage. And since there are no health restoring items, other than two horrible health regen abilities late in the game, youre eventually going to die. And what happens when you die?YOU LOSE AN ATTACK. YEAH.Like I said, you get to pick four attacks. Whenever your life drops to 0, you lose the ability to use one of those attacks for a while. lose all four, you have to restart at the last save point. How does the game decide which attack you lose? You lose the attack that takes up the most memory first. Better attacks take more memory, and equipping modifiers or buffs to an attack increases the memory it takes up. long story short, you lose your best attacks first.AND, because like I said earlier, you can use attacks during the recharge period if you equip this specific attack to them, chances are that attack is going to have high memory, and thats the one youre going to lose first. The one attack you have to defend yourself during recharge is the first one they take from you.It gets worse.How long do you lose these attacks? Until you access TWO save points. TWO. You would think that if you lost one of only 4 attacks that you have, you would regain them at the end of the battle if you won. But no. You need to reach a checkpoint...AND THEN ANOTHER ONE. So you reach that first checkpoint, and swap out your best attacks that you lost for the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ones you never use. Then you die because you dont have your best attacks and lose more attacks, then you get your best attacks back at the next save point, only to have to replace the second best attacks you just lost with more♥♥♥♥♥♥Who ever heard of a game where you reach a checkpoint that didnt heal your wounds? EVEN DARK SOULS ISNT THAT CRUEL.Think about that. EVEN DARK SOULS doesnt say, ""oh, you can use your souls to level up, but you have to get to the NEXT bonfire if you want to regain health and refill your estus.""So lets do a quick recap to finish this up:1. The game wants you to use the Turn() function to fight, and its basically impossible to win without it2. Using Turn(), doing EXACTLY what the game wants, rewards you by putting you in a defenseless situation where your bound to take damage eventually.3. When you die because you played the game correctly, you lose access to your best attack, and have to fight maybe 3-5 more battles before you can get them back. good luck not dying until then!Ive never ever played a game like Transistor. One where I honestly, 100% felt like I was being punished for doing exactly what the game wanted me to do. Imagine if in Dark Souls (thats just on my mind today), when you hit a boss with your weapon, it caused you to lose souls.I mean its just really poor game design. And I had such high hopes. SuperGiant did such good work on bastion, and there was such potential for Transistor, but it was just put together all wrong.And I even teared up a bit over the story. The game looked and sounded great. But the gameplay was so horrible that I couldnt overlook it. And if you knew me, the fact that I said that would be all it took to turn you away from this game."
,Not Recommended,237930,13888832,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Kashou,"Overly artsy, barely comprehensive storyline with spammy combat."
,Not Recommended,237930,10886604,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,h a v,"If you enjoyed bastion you should like this game. Though I find this game to hav a series of issues:1. There's some weird optimization that tends to make the game very laggy at parts.2. The skill system isn't very deep. There's only a few skills really even worth using.3. There's no map for some reason and I couldn't find any fast travel. It's not like this game is huge, but I don't remember where I'm supposed to go to do certain things and I feel this is a problem with its design.4. Gameplay wise, it just feels uninspired. I'm not sure what people really see in the system itself. It feels disjointd in that you have to use the time stopping mechanic or you'll die a lot. The mechanic itself isn't very well executed.The points I actually enjoy are the game's design, and musical score, and to some degree its storytelling.I'd skip on this unless you're a huge bastion fan, as the gameplay leaves a lot to be desired."
,Not Recommended,237930,25365307,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,hoserama99,"I have tried on two occasions now to get into this. Done by the creators of Bastion, which I loved, I was hoping for a similar experience here.It is, to a degree, similar to Bastion, in that the artwork and isometric gameplay are shared concepts, as is the notion of a silent protagonist and a narrator. That's about where the similarities end, I think.The gameplay is (IMHO) worse. The pseudo-turn-based combat makes every battle take up much more time, even if they're somewhat easier. And there's a lot of combat, so you'll be doing this a lot.The narrator won't shut up. He tells you about every little thought that crosses his mind, and he's constantly babbling about something. He frequently tells me every thing he wants me to do, and he's a bit of an♥♥♥♥♥if I don't do it. If I were the protagonist, I'd be throwing that damn talking sword over a cliff and going about my life in peaceful silence. Maybe the main character loves to hear people prattle on about flatbread pizza and tell her how great she is and tell her every little thing that she needs to do - I dunno.It's also not (yet) entirely clear to me what the motivation of the main character is. It's quite possible this will be explained if I play further, but I don't know if I can stomach hours more of turn-based combat.On the upside, the artwork and soundtrack are, like Bastion, excellent.If you can tolerate the turn-based combat and babbling sword, then you'll probably enjoy this. So far, it's not my cup of tea. Not recommended."
,Not Recommended,237930,23997877,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,"GOD, he who abandons","It's probably a good game for some, but if you came here looking for something akin to a hack and slash, you came to the wrong place. As far as I've gotten, it's a lot more strategy than hack and slash."
,Not Recommended,237930,34337961,Posted: 18 August,all,Mouth,"With only an hour of playing it, I immediately lost interest. The visuals are nice, the music and sound effects are nice, but I have absolutely no idea what's going on, no idea what any of these terminals are talking about, and that will take me out of the game.I can see what they were doing with the combat and gameplay, I understand it. But it isn't for me. The turn-based portion is just annoying because once you activate it you're stuck with not being able to do anything while waiting for it to charge. And when you ""die"" you just lose your ability and build until you get to more of these access points. Then you need to rebuild your setup with skills and upgrades. It's just annoying.In conclusion, nice visuals and audio, boring and annoying gameplay."
,Recommended,237930,10185073,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,LVL 99 Slime,Beutiful and breathtaking graphics and music. If you liked bastion this is a perfect game to buy and enjoy.
,Not Recommended,237930,23174958,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,[FAZE]OpTic|Yung 这是约翰 ( ᐛ )バカ 外人,"Good style and soundtrack, interesting story but the gameplay got boring halfway through the game and I couldn't finish it tbh"
76561198075465819,Recommended,237930,24342549,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,bigbenny123100,Amazing game. don't want to spoil anything
,Recommended,237930,11472092,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,mudjoe2,GOOD♥♥♥♥♥VIDEO-GAME
,Recommended,237930,10184588,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Slice,Good game
76561198236658496,Not Recommended,237930,29684030,Posted: 3 February,all,jordank8000,The game looks really cool on the previews but the gameplay sucks.
,Not Recommended,237930,14794285,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Terrian,"Another ""artsy"" game that, when actually played, is boring as ♥♥♥♥. It's a sad state of affairs when the reviewers will praise the game for being beautiful and having great soundtrack and all that jazz, when the THE CORE of the game, the gameplay, is so simplistic and just not that interesting. Meh, 5/10 would not buy again."
,Not Recommended,237930,16261666,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,expert plungophone player,just bland. no tastemaybe since i couldn't eat it.since bytes cannot be eaten
76561197994086978,Not Recommended,237930,13912981,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,tc,"very boring, might as well have been playing in god mode."
76561198211443484,Not Recommended,237930,25198291,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,scottdharris85,Lots of style and no substance.
,Recommended,237930,19288293,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Will,One of the best games i've ever played.
76561198075381237,Not Recommended,237930,29973440,Posted: 16 February,all,theskyilove,"There is no Chinese on Mac,WHY STEAM SAY IT SUPPORT CHINESE?"
76561198011389899,Not Recommended,237930,13686058,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Woodsparrow,"If you were expecting a second 'Bastion', you will be disapointed.  The game is about 8 hours long. The story is a somewhat jumbled mess. The soundtrack is ok, but not amazing.  The game play is fun, but not compelling.  If you can get it for under 10$, it's probably worth it."
76561198001606968,Not Recommended,237930,30837995,Posted: 30 March,all,LIFE IS TOO SHORT TO BE LITTLE,"bad stuff:- too short, right as i was thinking ""wow the story is about to get interesting"" the game ended- piggybacking off of that, the plot isn't very good - the world is barely fleshed out at all and it fails to make it engrossing- the upgrade system was cool, but everything about combat was incredibly clunky and boringgood stuff:- great overall aesthetic package as far as art direction is concerned- the soundtrack is goodit's not really fair to say that a game should have spent an extra year or two in development to fully flesh out the world it was in, but i think that really would have helped.  it just needed more.......meat to it"
76561197982237517,Not Recommended,237930,28960045,Posted: 2 January,all,Angel,"Music great, but not godlike as in Bastion, art fantastic, gameplay was really bad, skills lackluster, lazy and clunky. Story was nonsensical and about as easy to follow as the horrible map design. Thank God I didn't enjoy it or the otherwise inexcusably short length of the game would have been a negative...I sludged through this game despite having nothing but the best intentions and memories after the masterpiece that Bastion was...just so I could tell myself I finished it...and what's my reward? (No spoiler) Some faux edgy 'sad for sad sake' ending that has more in common with the vacuous noire art films of Paris during the 1970's than anything resembling good game / story design.I really hope Supergiant stops trying so hard to be hipster and actually makes a quality game next time.This isn't meant to offend any fans, I count myself as one of them, but as a gamer, as someone who works in the industry, and just as someone who wants to see more great games from Supergiant, thought I'd share my two cents.Get this game if you're a big fan of Supergiant like me and the game is on super sale."
76561197970729952,Not Recommended,237930,13723651,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,robolivermd,"Very stylish, but I didn't like this game at all. Very ""dumb"" mechanics."
,Not Recommended,237930,23758423,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Onyrus,"I'll make this quick and simple.The gameplay, sound design, and visual quality are all terrific in their own unique way.The story, though, is sorely lacking in connectivity for me... therefore the overall experience became an exercise in monotony. I felt I was constantly wading through an obstacle course with no real stakes, or empathy for the world or characters situated and involved around me. They were (quite literally) treated as playing cards, to be collected and analyzed, rather than felt for and connected with. The world began to feel sterile and robotic, much like the enemies seeking to erase its inhabitants. The initial novelty quickly wore off, and I couldn't be bothered to finish."
76561197996315601,Not Recommended,237930,10494484,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Uncleblaze,horrible controls mixed with even worse gameplay and a story thats so underwhelming i just stopped playing halfway through.
76561198000939162,Not Recommended,237930,10442491,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,DeadMarat,"Constant narration is *extremely* annoying; not much player agency involved as you are basically railroaded from one location and cutscene to the next; combat gameplay is simplistic, unchallenging, and repetitive. Sandbox games are my thing, with more ""game"" than ""story"" - to me Transistor is an uninteresting story without much game to back it up."
76561198000318945,Not Recommended,237930,21859712,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Trrcn,"I can't be bothered to play it.  I mean I'm sure it's good because the developers who did Bastion also did this but I simply don't care.  There's nothing redeeming to draw me in to the game so who really cares.  It's probably some tumblr crap anyway.There, review posted."
,Not Recommended,237930,25901888,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,limax,"The upgrade system is cool but the combat is clunky and unsatisfying, there's very little combat variety and its over in 4 hours."
76561197966482898,Not Recommended,237930,29075302,Posted: 6 January,all,Nuclear Nelson,Couldn't get into the gameplay.
,Not Recommended,237930,24518715,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,AnnihilatorX3000,My sword won't shut the ♥♥♥♥ up
76561197972995047,Not Recommended,237930,13950743,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Coup d' oeil,A short Hipster game. Great music so=so game play. i'm glad I waited for the 50% off  sale since release. Not worth the full price.Bastian narritive  was way better.
76561198221687092,Not Recommended,237930,20379435,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Winterspark,Dull. Weak combat system.♥♥♥♥♥♥irritating voice over. Aimless gameplay.
76561197983545926,Not Recommended,237930,14602485,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,FudoAkira,"Console-ified controls that are awkward at best on PC. Poorly explained mechanics. Nice art-style and atmosphere, pity it's not fun to actually play.edit: tried replaying with my X-input pad - still really clunky and disorganized interface. Considering the upgrade menu is really important for the core gameplay mechanics, you'd think that the ability selection and organization screen would actually be the easiest thing to navigate and swap things around. But even something as basic as just moving an enhancement from one ability to the next requires and uninstall, then reassignent, and THEN FINALLY the ability to upgrade that ability.Forget that noise - I've got better games to spend my time with."
76561197963791098,Not Recommended,237930,29224130,Posted: 13 January,all,Enki,The interface is a nightmare
,Not Recommended,237930,33108777,Posted: 1 July,all,Gingy,"Great visuals, great soundtrack. Unfortunately this is the only good things I can tell about the game.The game resets it's resolution when you alt-tab to 640*480. So you have to set your resolution everytime you do alt-tab. The game can't display I characters properly and shows as ' . If this was a game from 1990, I would find this acceptable, but at 2017, it's not.Don't have any clue about the story, you just start the game by fighting and keep moving. Nothing has been told about the story (at least at my 4 hour game play), you just do same fights with different enemies and that's it.I love Bastion, but I feel like they are using Bastion's name to attract people to play this game, but Bastion is 1000x better than this game."
76561198029403467,Not Recommended,237930,25387641,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Too_Old_For_This,combat is too complicated and has too many stuff for one short game.voice acting is good.
76561197976178495,Not Recommended,237930,20170317,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Jigglypuff,A game that struggles to keep you playing after a short initial playthrough.A story of missed opportunities.
,Not Recommended,237930,20227318,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Shirsh,"User reviews:	Overwhelmingly Positive (10,972 reviews)? U crazy, people.Lineariest repetitive action games with dead-empty lifeless worlds called RPG now? It so shameless govno (probably not game by itself but fact that lineariest repetitive action games with dead-empty lifeless worlds called RPG now), that I feel very unhappy about it.Fallout 2 is RPG, this one is beat'em'up -_-"
,Not Recommended,237930,29108099,Posted: 7 January,all,Hook Me Onii-Chan~,"so-so gameplay that ramps up in the last half hour, which isnt saying much considering its only 4 hours long. even with 14% added difficulty rate, the game is fairly easy. it should have been straight turn based imo. walking around and cheesing enemies with dash or stealth while waiting for your charge really showed how poorly they thought out the skill system.graphics are decent, reminds me a lot of a fantasy heavier shadowrun. sadly, the scenery is 90% grey and white boxes, with again, the last 30 minutes showing any real color or theme variation. soundtrack was good, though not the second coming of christ as some people have raved about it.story is some convoluted mess, probably created by someone who watched kill la kill while sipping on lean. i couldnt believe it when credits rolled. it felt like an arbitrary 2 DEEP 5 U story with too much left for the player to come up with. while this CAN be an effective form of story telling (see dark souls) transistor shot its self in the foot by using this approach.i got it on sale for 5 bucks, and even then i cant recommend."
76561198072826923,Recommended,237930,19987040,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,KOS-MOS,"When you speak I hear silenceEvery word a defianceI can hear, oh, I can hearThink I'll go where it suits meMoving out to the countryWith everyone, oh, everyoneBefore we all become oneYou tell yourself that you're luckyLying down never struck meAs something fun, oh, any funStabbing pain for the feelingNow your wound's never healing'Til you're numb, oh, it's begunBefore we all become oneOh we all, we all become oneOh we all, we all become oneOh we all, we all become oneOh we all, we all become oneStop grieving, start leavingBefore we all become oneRunOh we all, we all become"
76561198116374878,Not Recommended,237930,14718524,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,briwik,Pros:Enjoyable battlesFun to customize abilities/passives/upgradesLooks prettyCons:No actual storyMany unanswered questionsKindove shortNot worth more than $10
76561198072592225,Not Recommended,237930,14736518,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,faust.twi,i like graphics and music but this game is too surrealistic for me
76561197982581918,Recommended,237930,30498960,Posted: 13 March,all,Oztington,♥♥♥♥♥story. Meh combat. 6/10
76561198029478651,Not Recommended,237930,32139621,Posted: 2 June,all,Satyr King,"Nah, i'm not big fan out this game.. i liked Bastion, but this is was not my cup."
,Not Recommended,237930,13673394,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,techknight,"Transistor oozes style, but has insufficient substance to back it up."
,Not Recommended,237930,30410439,Posted: 9 March,all,Kryyss,"In 2007, it was revealed the winner of that years world cricket tournement would be presented with a diamond studded cricket ball with gold trim estimated to be worth $68500. If you've haven't seen pictures of it then go take a look because it is really quite a stunning peice of craftsmanship and artistic design - it is also completely useless and could never be used to play cricket with. Transistor is that cricketball in every way.Visually Transistor is visually stunning. Gorgeous to look at with a distinctive art-style that clearly had a ton of work put into it. The audio design is pleasing with some great voice acting that puts a wierd spin on the 1920s era with some Tron-esque elements. Unfortunately, the same effort didn't go into the game itself as it is clunky, tedious, short and not at all engaging. How anyone could consider this a good game boggles my mind because I heard of this game from a number of sources as being a great indie title but clearly these people were either bamboozled by the visuals or they have limited experience with this type of game.In terms of how it works, its a strange mix of real-time and turn-based combat. You can pause the game to chain up lightning fast attacks and movement but when you have used your allocated chunk of time you have to wait for your turn-bar to recharge. During this time you have to run around avoiding attacks or use your abilities that quite often root you to the spot so its better to avoid attacking during this time. As such, it would be a mistake to call this an action-rpg at all. The trouble is that causes combat to move in fits and starts and the limited size of the areas you are contained in during these battles means that tactics really are shallow at best. The ability to mix functions (the games method creating attacks and abilities) is initially interesting but since it doesn't have a distinct offense/defense/support design you are left with all attacks - either ranged, melee or summons. As you can imagine, this means the appeal of this system quickly wears off as you realize your choices only impact the distance at which you need to engage threats.Speaking of the 'threats'. The game has no memorable encounters. Enemies lack personality and are very limited in variety. There are some 'bosses' but these are just damage sponges rather than being difficult to defeat due to clever design. As I said, all the effort went into the look of the game and the game itself was left as an afterthought causing it to become a tedious and boring mess partly due to how plain the combat is and also due to how it is so linear as you progress from area to area with the game leading you by the nose. So it even lacks any meaningful replay value.All in all, I could never recommend this game even on sale. It is a diamond ball of eye-candy without substance to its gameplay or the storyline."
,Not Recommended,237930,12769071,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,not rip,"tl;dr: plays like a puzzler with cool mechanics, amazing art+music, but a really detracting attempt at a plotI bought Transistor upon the recommendation of a friend and the overwhelming number of glowing reviews it had. I was expecting a really amazing game, but after having finished the game, my opinion is that it is just a textbook example of style over substance.  Don't get me wrong – the artwork is amazing and immersive, the music is exceptionally well done (sans the lyrics), the combat system is interesting and very enjoyable (if not occasionally glitchy). But otherwise... there's nothing here. The entirety of the attempt at a plot is literally just incohesive narration about how some people tried to change everything and it all went wrong. Nothing is actually ever explained, no real motives are revealed (unless you count ""We just wanted to change the city for the better!"" as a strong motive), and character development never happens. Places are talked about and then visited (but then it's just a level that looks like any other level), enemies are mentioned and then killed, people are vaguely discussed and then, well, suffice it to say that you literally learn nothing after you meet them.It's really a pity because by silencing the player and forcing them to accept information only through narration and environment interaction, Supergiant Games has full control over the player, being able to make the player believe and feel whatever they want the player to (think Portal-style, for instance). Instead, they completely wasted the opportunity, delivering nothing of substance through any of the channels of storytelling available to them. You never feel anything or root for any characters in this game. I saw another review that likened this game to just a puzzler, and I fully agree.The failed attempt at a plot was by far the biggest flaw of the game, but I'd like to point out some other things that could have been improved:The voiceover is interesting at first, but quickly becomes really annoying (this is mostly a side effect of there being no plot to narrate). It basically alternates between rambling about how cool the protagonist is/was, and contempt and confusion about what the antagonists are doing. It narrates and comments on your actions, too, which is amusing until you hate the narrator. The two things it doesn't do are 1. say anything useful or 2. effect emotion in the player, which are things I think narrators in games should do.The artwork is unique, laying out a steampunk-ish twist in a digital setting and executing it really well. Unfortunately, the designers forgot the other aspect of game art, which is differentiation. With the exception of a plot-spoiling feature, *all the levels look the same*. It's ridiculous. There is so little differentation between the player's regular neighbourhood and the supposedly luxurious and lavish residences of the rich bad guys that I didn't realize how close I was to said bad guys until I was in the same room with them. There were only two levels whose artwork stood out to me as really well designed: the opera house, and the dark walkway near the end.That's all. I'm including a lot of superfluous details because although reviews are meant for people who haven't played the game, they're primarily judged for merit by those who have, so oddly enough those are the people I have to convince of my opinion. Cool medium-length puzzler. No plot. Possibly not worth your money, and definitely not worth universal acclaim."
76561198050237000,Not Recommended,237930,28019212,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Cowboy Jack,"Way too short, the whole game is a tutorial."
,Not Recommended,237930,10913759,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Dank Maymay,"Game is short, the sword's voiceover gets annoying, and the ending was disappointing."
,Not Recommended,237930,15742116,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Andem,"I really don't like that I don't recommend this game, but I just don't. It's not very well made and the gameplay is a huge chore compared to Bastion. The art and the music is still great at least, but there's just no real gameplay to speak of.That and it kept crashing on start up forcing me to put it in 32 bit mode for whatever reason. Then I find out it only has like 5 resolution options (none of which fit on my tv) so I had to force set the resolution too.Imagine Fallout 3/New Vegas. There's the VATS mode right? well in those games it was optional. In this game it really isn't. And in this game once you've used up your ""vats"" turn mode you have to wait till it recharches. It's incredibly boring. Do an OP turn mode thing, run away and hide because you can't even attack while it recharges.I'd like to just link this guy's review for the most part as I think he says it in a better way than I do and I pretty much agree exactly with him.http://steamcommunity.com/id/puzzlefox/recommended/237930/It's probably lazy to just link to someone else's review but eh why repeat what he says in a not as good way. give this guy a thumbs up or whatever it is you kids do instead of meThis game just feels like Bastion and Gone Home made some kind of abomination baby. They sacrificed all the gameplay and kind of just made a walking art simulator."
,Not Recommended,237930,28766759,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,thebunnyrules,"Alot people say that indie games are all style a no substance. I don't really agree with that but if I was ever asked to name a game that embodies that cliche, this game would be the first to come to my mind. It's really pretty, rendered with a beautiful artistic flair that manages to blend film noir with cyberpunk with a cheerful palette of colors but I had to stop playing it 3 hours into the game because I was soooo bored out of my mind and I couldn't make myself play further. As I only played into it for such a short while, I can't really commment on the rest of the game but for the chunk I played, the story was next to non-existent beyond the vague premiss that your character is effectively a program/hottie redheaded singer residing in some kind of undefined cyberworld. The game doesn't make an effort to give you any context or try to engage and invest you into the story or characters. The only real character seems to be the brooding low voiced sword that tries to fill the uncomfortable silence that this game is with sentimental sounding monologue that is effectively meaningless. This game is a like a dish you would order at a fancy French restaurant that charges you lots of money and makes you where a jacket and nice shoes: the dish is huge, the garnishing on the side is a feast for the eyes to look at it but when get to the eating part of that dish, the food is just this little ball of something forgettable in the center."
,Not Recommended,237930,29053344,Posted: 5 January,all,timboFunkyDude,Boring story and no attachment to any of the characters.Meh gameplay with heaps of customization.Funky artsyle.
,Not Recommended,237930,10378386,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,bloodnutxcom,"It was meh.To be honest, on simple dry facts I would give the game a 6/10 score mainly for atmosphere, art and some mechanics but generally the game is very vague and repetitive.Like in Bastion, Supergiant Games made an effort to have good narration to this game but it just didn't add enough interest in the game. there was an effort to bring emotion to this game but the story was very flat 90% of the time. it simply wasn't ENGAGING.Combatwise it was the same thing all over again. you might change your turn strategy once or twice during the course of the whole game. not only that, the encounters are very repetitive and generic. fight some guys, go 5 steps, read some text in an OVC, fight the same guys all over again.It's shiny on the outside but pretty hollow inside."
76561198027145110,Not Recommended,237930,11371608,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Shirokuma,"3 hours into the game, the ""narrator"" (or sword) was starting to annoy me:Narrator: ""Lift doesn't work""<1 second later you ride the lift>Narrator: ""Oh ... ""<2 seconds later>Narrator: ""Guess it does ...""<3 seconds later>Narrator: ""We head north?""<1 second later>Narrator: ""Ok ...""<Red can't talk , why the ♥♥♥♥ are you asking her a question ?>What's worse is that all of this is delivered in a monotonous, whispery and insecure tone. It's like having a needy friend stuck to you second guessing everything you're doing while feeling the need to comment on every damn thing. With ... an ... akward pause ... every .... few ... seconds. If I was Red I'd throw the goddamn talking sword off a building!So I turned off the voices and realize I don't really like the music!This came off as really dissapointing because I really loved Bastion.Both games have solid gameplay mechanics but what really kept me going in Bastion was the music and the awesome narration.Example superior narration from Bastion:""The kid rambles around. Gotta let off some steam once in a while ... ""<Then the song ""Terminal March"" starts and you're ready to kick♥♥♥♥♥gt;""The kid finds the next piece of the Bastion. Not if the windbags have something to say about it""<""Percy's Escape"" comes on as you fight off an ambush>See how that sets the tone?"
,Not Recommended,237930,11498418,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,[Mar] Lux,"This is an amazing, beautiful, and powerful game. Once.The problem with this game is that it becomes very, very clear that there's a specific way the game wants you to play (by using the Turn() system). And that isn't always the fun way to play the game. At times, the game seems to want you to just go all out in a massive battle royale, but after the first ten minutes of the game that's always going to get you killed, or at the very leastreduced to limping along with only a few of the functions you dislike the most.The various trial-mode challenges do a little too good a job of explaning to the player several strategies that can destroy just about everything (Crash+Void, Crash+Void, Crash+Void, get behind them, CULL). Later on in the game, it gets pretty apparent that you won't ever need to take another approach to a target and can proceed as normal.The story is really hard to follow at times, and actually wants for an exposition dump somewhere. Yeah, they intend for the story to be a mystery that's revealed to you bit by bit, and for you to play it again to take a fresh look at things in NG+, but that's not a lot of an excuse when it's a chore just to figure out who the people are you're going after and what the hell happened in the first place, or even anything about the setting itself. I feel like this is a rare case where ""the hero has unexplained amnesia"" would actually benefit the story, because it would explain why so, so much is left for the player to puzzle together.All this having been said, the art direction, music, and voice acting is superb. Supergiant Games is still an absolutely top-notch studio in those regards, and boy do they know how to make a game beautiful.Also, if your favorite part of Bastion was upgrading weapons and playing with drinks in the Distillery, forget everything I've said above because the weapon system in Transistor is basically porn for people like you (and me, for the record).In most cases, though, wait for a Steam Sale. It's worth experiencing, but not at full price."
,Not Recommended,237930,10885831,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Frisca,"Very short story mode. Once you get charm (mind control)  game becomes super easy, but fun nevertheless. Last boss was definitely unexpected and by far the best fight in entire game. Too bad there is no reason to make another playthrough even with all skills saved for new game+. Also all the stop consoles with random questions and lore did kinda ruin the pace of the game and became annoying pretty quickly.The biggest plus of this game is once again soundtrack, but you can listen it for free on Spotify.Worth to play, but not worth the price. If i could do it all over again, i would wait for atleast 50% sale."
76561197994195516,Not Recommended,237930,10421089,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Vulcan,"Very beautiful, well made game with very interesting and new combination of game mechanics, great sounds and story. However it just didn't make up for the expectations, didn't make me want to play it even for the short time it took to go through it. They haven't done anything specifically wrong, but it is just not working for me."
,Not Recommended,237930,11017572,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Facet,Let me qualify my no recommendation... If you are looking for a game like Bastion but much much slower then you should buy this.But the slower gameplay crippled futher by the stop start (much more stop) combat system is to slow for my liking.
,Not Recommended,237930,11005399,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,IG-88,"While it certainly looks as good as Bastion, the gameplay and story just are below the high bar set by that game. The combat is stuck in the middle of real time action and semi-turnbased, and it does not mesh well. It is too slow for the real time action to feel fun, and yet too fast for the turn based stuff to be any more enjoyable. Every fight felt like a slog. If the story was good, then getting through the combat would be worth it, but sadly, it's not. The silent protaganist in Bastion worked since the narrator told us what he was thinking and doing; here Red is just silent and a non-entity. We get some artsy shots of her humming and taking breaks, and thats about it."
76561198079367592,Not Recommended,237930,28921000,Posted: 1 January,all,Sandy T. Poro,Has decent game mechanics and amazing art and music but the story is wierd and left me mad by the end becasuse you can't do anything and it gives you no choice other than what abilities you use. So other than some cool athetics I feel like I wasted time playing this game.
76561198007451496,Not Recommended,237930,10331149,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,ManNamedJoe,"Ok Let me start by saying that I loved Bastion and what Supergiant Games do with games and I loved the idea behind this.However this is where it goes downhill IN MY OPINION. It's got like visuals (like Bastion) it's got a nice sound track (like Bastion) the combat system is decently thought out with lots of customisation and it's pretty simple to get your head around, but god did the narrator in this one start to grind on me after a while.It was like they heard everyone liked the narrator in the first one and just said we're gunna fill it with as much as his voice as we can and people will love it. There were lots of phrases that were repeated during and out of combat and it was just too much. That been said the bits that wern't just constantly there were very well narrated (like Bastion).The combat for me got stale really fast I played with the variable things on to make it harder but it still seemed just like hit it over and over, I didn't enjoy it that much. towards the end I really just wanted it to end I had fun the first hour or so but it just dragged after that and I had no inspiration to keep going.The best fight in the game was the last fight which felt difficult and cool but other than that the rest of the game was just a drag.The story again is another wake up and find out whats going on as you go, but again I had no desire to I couldn't explain it. The swords character was kind of dry for my taste and by the time they started to explain the transistor thing it was over :/.To me it seems they relied on the ""Like Bastion but not"" thing and again for me personally it failed to live up to it. Bastion was a suprise and it was cool and new and this just seemed like they were hanging on to that too much there were some really cool ideas that could have been more thought out imo. Maybe it was another case of over hype or maybe im not the only one but I see most of the reviews are good so lots of people do like it but this one I would have avoided if I knew."
,Not Recommended,237930,12867770,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,sleepysnax,This is game is pretty much exactly like Bastion.
,Not Recommended,237930,23965216,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,T O M  I S  A  D O O R,"Overhyped, if you had super high expectation because of the Overwhleming review, then lower your expectation a bit otherwise you will be disappointed as I am"
,Not Recommended,237930,28952656,Posted: 2 January,all,Air,The game gets in the way of the story. But the game was never good enought. Don't know the story.
,Recommended,237930,10180879,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Pie,<3
,Not Recommended,237930,10339257,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,r3d zombie,"Has all the elements that made Bastion great, design, visuals and audio. Unfortunately the gameplay and story dont come close to that of the previous title.Disappointing"
,Not Recommended,237930,10334592,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,P2,"I feel bad about this. I love Bastion and the art style in very intricate and beautiful. But the game play is repetitive and boring and the story lasts a whole 3-4 hours. Sorry, Supergiant, this is a real flop for me."
76561197992095508,Not Recommended,237930,11008830,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Chnmmr,"Simply put, an entertaining game with a great and dynamic combat system, beautiful visuals and somewhat interesting storyline....But... I can't recommend this game because..***SPOILERISH***This is another game where the developers can't be bothered to think of a good ending therefore makes one where you lose/everyone dies.  Tons of games later, this kind of ending gets really dull really fast.  After everything the heroine goes through, the ending is absolutely terrible almost to the point of spite from the writers.  The end contradicts itself in so many ways that I have to admit it ruined the gaming experience where suddenly I wished I never picked up the game.  A great game totally ruined by a terrible ending.***SPOILER END***Alas.. I can not recommend this game as after finishing it, I wish I didn't pick it up in the first place.  And no game should do that.  Though I will admit that I may be very well missing something, but the damage has been done to my experience of what could have been great."
,Not Recommended,237930,22656114,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,sparky_sparky,I regret buying this
76561198013981046,Not Recommended,237930,28131908,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,A Man,"not well explained or very good, play bastion instead"
,Not Recommended,237930,29902227,Posted: 13 February,all,Vulpes Omiroth,"An extremely stressful and unfulfilling experience. My attempt at playing this game ended in extreme stress and frustration. There was very little, if anything, that kept me going and wanting to play. If anything Transistor asks not to be played. With agrivating hurry-up-and-wait combat styles and enemies that can always out run you there's no reason to put yourself through this. Of all the story that it may, or may not, have it wasn't worth the constant struggle against odds that are quite frankly outragious. despite getting this game on sale I still feel cheated. But hey, at least it looks good."
,Not Recommended,237930,11505452,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,|CFB| Teh_eMo,"This game has a really cool feature that causes the game to lock up and crash, and then cause Steam to crash after. I heard of all the lock up and crashing bugs and decided to wait on my purchase, but it is still unplayable."
76561198088947898,Not Recommended,237930,24108956,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Eggsy,♥♥♥♥♥sucks yo
,Recommended,237930,28976886,Posted: 3 January,all,wн|тe lιgнт3r,"Bastion 2.0.- Fluid turn based mechanic- Easy to master, hard to execute- Interesting storyline + voice actingIf you're fan of Bastion, this game is for you."
,Not Recommended,237930,16408879,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,TRUCKFIST,"Was not able to get into this.  Lovely visual design with some great audio.  Even an interesting world.  But the basic gameplay just never clicked with me.  It always felt kind of clunky, never very satisfying.  And that's really core to the game - you spend a lot of time fighting, and the fighting never feels like something you could be ""pro"" with or ever really have mastery over.  You just make the correct moves over and over, heal up occasionally, and keep moving forward.  I was just too bored after 2 hours."
,Recommended,237930,21167452,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Static Single Assignment,"Overall. Definitely a recommendation.WHY YOU SHOULD BUY THIS INSTEAD OF MOBILE VERSION(I actually bought mobile version before)?HD, I mean really HD graphics.OST(Although sold seperately)Cons:Basically the same control system. Which is cool on iOS. But the real-time control system kinda suck on PCNOT-SO-PERFECT PORT"
76561198007226198,Recommended,237930,17911631,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Lato,"Simply one of the best games ever made, it's dirt cheap so you would be a fool not to buy it at any price. The story, the artwork, the music, beautiful!"
76561198015569520,Not Recommended,237930,11969721,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,atreju,"Ничего не понял, какие-то роботы, куда-то надо бежать... Наркоманы сюжет писали. Бастион в разы лучше был."
,Not Recommended,237930,11534254,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Salacavalini,"If you loved Bastion and were looking forward to Transistor for ""more of the same"", you're going to be disappointed. I know I was.That being said, objectively speaking it's probably a solid enough experience. It's just a whole different type of beast, and I guess I didn't want different.Supergiant keeps up the whole pretty aesthetics and good music thing people like them for. Instead of floating islands with a pseudo-American-frontier vibe, you have a weird sci-fi city thing going on, and the music is more... clubby. Again, matter of preference here. It's nice to look at though.The combat was what ultimately made me dislike the game. Maybe I just never really figured it out properly, but if you can beat the game without figuring out what makes the combat system work, that's probably a failing of the game more than it is of the player. In any case, it's nothing at all like Bastion, which is kind of a repeating point for me I guess.Basically, there's three different phases of combat. Starting off, you have the whole real-time running around and smacking things. Unlike the Kid, Red has no means of self-defense like blocking or parrying, and has to rely on just running out of the way or using a teleport skill with a cooldown and recovery animation. The downside here is that enemy attacks are generally rapid-fire homing missiles with no wind-up, and they move faster than you. Unlike Bastion (lol), a no-damage run of Transistor is just plain impossible, the game is designed with the idea that you WILL be taking damage no matter what - this becomes obvious as you notice several design choices which I will not go into detail for here.Red's attacks are also incredibly slow and sluggish, with long wind-up and recovery animations, during which enemies will happily dart about at high speeds to either dodge your telegraphed attack or take potshots at your exposed healthbar - it feels like YOU'RE the clumsy exploitable enemy and they're the nimble players. There's a couple of exceptions, but these skills tend to do abysmal damage.Now, there's also Turn() mode, which is... well, it's not a turn-based combat system toggle, this isn't Arcanum. It's basically a fancy timestop thing during which you have a set limit of actions you can queue up - movement, attacks, etc. Mixing up different attacks lets you use up the gauge more efficiently. It also shows helpful little tips like projectile trajectories and estimated damage output. Once you're happy, you can end Turn() mode and Red will zip about performing the commands you gave her in rapid succession.There's a few problems with Turn() mode too. For starters, the damage/trajectory indicators aren't exactly accurate. Not only do enemies still move (albeit very slowly) while Red zips about, making it very possible to miss completely, sometimes the damage estimates predict a kill but for one reason or another this doesn't happen. The opposite can happen too, resulting in unpredictable cases of overkill. Projectile trajectories can be inaccurate due to Turn() being somewhat poor at estimating obstacles in their paths. Still, all that aside, Turn() is your ace, letting you actually kill things without having to waddle amidst a horde of enemies in realtime as they whittle away at your health by being faster and stronger than you.And then comes the real stinker, the one combat phase that completely ruins any possible fun for me. The Turn() cooldown phase. This phase is basically the time it takes for the Turn() bar to fill back up, and can vary depending on how much of it you used up in the first place. Doesn't sound too bad, right? Well, you also cannot use any skills other than a select few non-offensive ones during this phase, meaning all you can do is run away from enemies that are faster than you and shoot rapid-fire homing missiles. Did I mention the enemies also destroy cover as they shoot it?There are ways to make some aspects of the combat less terrible, but they're often mutually exclusive for various reasons. Want to make an attack usable during cooldown? Just slot Jaunt() into it. What's Jaunt() normally do? Why, it's the teleport skill, which is your only means of evasion beyond ""a brisk jog"". Yeah, skill modifiers and passives are the same things as your attacks, just depending on where you slot them, so you have to compromise the hell out of your setup.Real-time combat rapidly becomes non-viable as you reach the lategame. NG+ is right out. It basically just devolves into running around like a headless chicken until Turn() is ready, assassinating one enemy (you will not do enough damage to kill multiples in one Turn()) and repeating until the encounter is over. It's tedious and not fun. Certain enemies even counter your Turn() power by obfuscating vision in Turn(), or - one of the earliest enemies in the game does this - teleporting away after the first hit, making you whiff the rest. No, there's no way to predict where they'll teleport to and aim the next hits accordingly....Maybe I got a little ranty in the end there, but honestly, I regret buying Transistor. I didn't have fun with it, I didn't enjoy the combat system at all, it was awfully short and the plot was dumb. The story never explains anything and ends with a pretty bad anticlimax of a solution. You might have some fun with it if you play on a low difficulty - it has Limiters which work like Idols did in Bastion, although this too isn't done as well as one of them did literally nothing until it was patched, and several are barely noticeable while others cripple you excessively - but I honestly doubt I'll be able to bring myself to finish NG+. Not because it's too hard - I beat the base game by using all the limiters I had available and NG+ just amounts to ""more/stronger enemies"" - but because I have actually enjoyable games I could be playing instead."
76561197991088572,Not Recommended,237930,26637904,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,FuzzyPat,"The main premise of the mechanics - that all ""weapons"" (all named as if they are programming functions) can also be used as modifiers for other weapons, applying some trait that is reminiscent of its effect as a weapon, or can be slotted to gain some sort of personal passive buff related to the function's use as a weappon - is interesting, but needs some refinement before I would call it successfully implemented.  The game drowns you in options.  I'm not that far into the game, but with the 9 functions I have collected so far, the number of possible combinations, between 4 weapon slots, 5 modifier slots between those, and 1 passive slot, is mind-numbingly large.  I understand wanting to encourage experimentation, but I feel like I've been put to work at one of Thomas Edison's laboratories, expected to iterate through every possible permutation to try and find the best one.  Which you have to do, because the penalty for not being optimal is apparently ludicrously high.  I would be fine with not every combination of functions slotted as weapons, modifiers, and passive buffs being equally as powerful or useful, but during my play I have more than once barely made it through a fight after losing multiple lives.Which is its own problem, because the functions *are* your lives.  Every time you get knocked to 0 life one of your functions gets burned out, and cannot be used until you've made it to a specfied number of ""Access Points"", which makes it impossible to do anything like experiment when half of the things you're trying to learn how to use are unusable for large stretches of the game.  All because you hadn't found the magic formula when you turned the corner and bumped into the next wave of dudes.In a game that seems bound and determined to force you to try new combinations over and over and over again, you would think the game would allow for the reallocation of functions whenever you wanted, but this is not the case with Transistor.  Remember those ""Access Points"" I referred to earlier?  Those are the only places you can modify your loadout.  This, combined with the game forcing you to finish every combat by locking you into a sort of arena for every confrontation, which never seems to include one of these Access Points, you have better hope your build is optimal for what you're facing, otherwise you're going to be stuck using unfamiliar functions to try and eek your way through the next few combats, so that you can hopefully get to enough access points to get the original list of functions back.  Only *then* can you try experimenting, making modifications to your original build to try and find out why that pack of dudes you ran into turned you into mincemeat, and what changes you might make to keep yourself out of the grinder next time.I am sure I could go online and watch a few hours of poorly edited youtube video explaining how everything works, and maybe afterwards be able to piece together something that works for me.  Also, I am sure I could find a few fan-made wikis for the game, and after trying to read through them find out enough information about function effects and combinations to be able to better optimize my build.  Never mind that it is poor game design to force someone to *leave the game* to figure out how to play said game, it is even worse to force them out of your game just so they can learn how to get through the game.In short, the game has too many possible combinations of weapons, modifiers, and passives, and the penalty for a less-an-optimal combination is too steep, limiting access to the main story behind a wall of senseless experimentation and iteration.  I remember hearing it said that the developer's previous game, Bastion, lacked interesting gameplay, in part due to a lack of options available for weapons and abilities.  I fear that my ptoblems with this game stem from the devs' response to this criticism, and I feel it only makes this game worse, swinging wildly far past the point of balance, making the gameplay tedious and boring.  Maybe they could have solved this by giving you the option of letting the game pick a loadout for you.  It wouldn't need to be the best of all possible combinations, but if it were, say, at the midpoint of the optomization spectrum for the next encounter, you coukld not only go into the next fight/set of fights not only knowing what you might need to get through them, but also be given hints as to what awaits, allowing the player to try and infer how to use these assigned tools to win the next encounter.  Instead, you have to hit up youtube and the vast stacks of Wikia just to get through the damn game.In the face of this, I cannot in good conscience suggest anyone purchase this game."
,Recommended,237930,11554680,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,solidwhetstone,Holy monkey balls this game is good.
,Not Recommended,237930,13618568,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,tyroney,"I don't quite get the world, and the overall groove just hasn't grabbed me. The combat feels... awkward. I've tried more turns, less turns, more ranged, more enhanced and combos, just mashing... I guess semi-tactical isn't my thing. (don't really like tactical, either)"
,Not Recommended,237930,33136495,Posted: 2 July,all,KLimaDzU| THE LAGGER |,Not my time of game!
76561198012023582,Not Recommended,237930,24000258,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,lewrker,"If you've played Bastion think of what would happen if you combined pretentious story, art and music with a serious case of second-system syndrome."
76561198010090170,Not Recommended,237930,33417692,Posted: 9 July,all,Antiks,"Go on an adventure with your creepy stalker (boyfriend?) who is imprisoned in your sword. Do everything you can to not die and then do something that makes 0 sense in the end. The skill system is neat though hampered by some animation locking issues. For example why give a dash when the wind down animation is as long as it would take to run the distance, never understand why devs do that. Shorter animation or the ability to cancel animations would have made the game better outside of it's VATS like mode.It's pretty. The narator(stalker guy) is annoying, he just doesn't stop talking."
,Not Recommended,237930,14071699,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Dorkus,"I thought this would be similar to Bastion but it's very, very different. The fighting style is strange and I didn't really like it."
,Not Recommended,237930,11549062,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,K e N,"Game is awesome. However, I gotta say it's rather sluggish on my PC which is able to use ultra settings for tomb raider. Hope developer will fix this issue ASAP as lowering reso on my full HD monitor is yucky."
,Not Recommended,237930,25339067,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Madbarron,"Played an hour, not interesting enough to hold my attention."
,Not Recommended,237930,24427120,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,moje konto the ultimate b0i,"Super short and has some questionable themes in it, not worth your money."
76561198028795504,Not Recommended,237930,14353503,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Puzych,"+Great music and visual art style,+interesting combat mechanics-boring repetitive enemy encounters,-poor enemy variety,-depressing atmosphere,-uningaging storyline.-not much change in visual setting, all levels feel the same-annoying sword won't shut up"
,Recommended,237930,29704779,Posted: 4 February,all,High Hopes,Good art + Good soundtrack + Good gameplay + Talking sword + Good customisation + Awesome enemies = Good times.
,Not Recommended,237930,10366193,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,cUCO,"Warning before buying:Game is unplayable for many people for many people running Windows 7 64bit. Crashes before getting to the splash screen. A few people have found work-arounds, but no definite fix yet.I wish I could get it running, as I would most likely recommend instantly, but given the circumstances, I am very upset by the ""waste"" of money."
76561198035946000,Not Recommended,237930,26528803,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,GolovA,"Pretty boring, uneventful, and blend.Irritating manhattanesque narrating voice.All colors but no substence."
,Not Recommended,237930,11129093,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Batdemonfox,Every time i try to launch the i get a message saying transistor has stopped working even after trying everting i read in the forums from other people who had the problem it still wont work.
,Not Recommended,237930,32100364,Posted: 31 May,all,Cyril,"This game is just so mediocre and really not that compelling to play. First off I will say; the presentation is great. The game looks gorgeous & the soundtrack is pretty good too. Not complaining there. Everything else though... meh.For one the constant commentary from the transistor actually gets super annoying super fast. Like, he just talks too much. I don't need him commenting on every last little detail. Chill out guys. I can take a moment or two of silence. It's okay. The combat system I like in theory but it has a huge, glaring flaw. Between Turn()s, you are mostly completely helpless. It's just wasted time. It makes combat feel really slow. And considering the lack of defensive capabilities it can feel cheap sometimes. Having said that, I beat the entire game without dying once, so it's not exactly a challenging game. Just kind of unsatisfying. And the game's story is conveyed in a really poor way. The cold open at the start of the game left me without a sense of direction for some 75% of the game. Not until the last arc did it feel like I had any decent grasp on the story, and this made the game hard to play for me because there was no driving motivation to keep me going through the kind of bland gameplay. So I didn't find it fun, I didn't find it compelling, and I didn't really find it memorable either. I can't say it's an awful game or naything but I just did not get much at all out of playing this, unfortunately."
,Not Recommended,237930,10588647,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,『Bunny ❤Mint』,"I've tried to get this game to work properly on 2 different setups, and it still wont work. I've tried every possible thing to get it running properly, but to no avail. Don't buy this game."
76561198090920238,Not Recommended,237930,10432625,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Arzak,"Wow, short game. Beaten casually in under 5 hours. No where near as much fun as Bastion unfotunately. The story seems like you are just dropped right in to it without much guidance, and then very little development except through character\weapon descriptions. Honestly, I'd wait for it to be on sale."
,Not Recommended,237930,10591313,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,RoBro_Man🤖,"I was not happy with this game, really disappointed...This game might have one of the Worst last boss fights ever.........my ending had where everyone dies? I dont call that an ending...art is coolI mostly  bought this game for her singing {she has like three songs she sings ughh}I like the combat system but how they set up the some of the eneimes made thecombat system sort of dumb mostly for the later enemies, like really I have to keep doing this agianand agian lets use the same setup to deal them agian...great music the soundtrack is better than the game itself... LOLI wish thier was some sort of arcade mode to play with the combat system more thier's a secret room with doors you go in them to do challenges which can be fun and only time I feltchallenged in the game....but I like would some sort of open world mode just run aroundand kill enemies to play with the combat system to understand it even more...I didnt really care for the story what is this the matrix? it's falling apart beacuse of a bunch nerds hacked itand made it crash, what?as a bastion fan I felt sort of cheated I did not like this game at all.....4/10 static story, later game boss/enemies are static... fantastic soundtrack!"
76561197965150249,Not Recommended,237930,10496261,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Nisse,To short. To expensive. Wait until it drops to 9.99€Else great game!
76561198007471259,Not Recommended,237930,30087012,Posted: 21 February,all,Adrian,"Sadly, I cannot recommend this game, 3/10. In contrast to Bastion, which I really liked, it just does not work this time... the off-speaker is confusing and even gets annoying with time, the story is really confusing and I wanted it to end. The gameplay mechanic is poorly explained. The fights and different functions do seem quite complex and many combos can lead to victory, but the whole monologs and story was just one confusing mess, trying to be ""artsy"" but accomplished only to trigger annoyance from me. Finished the game, did not help feel better about it."
,Not Recommended,237930,25445783,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,GoFastHog,Bored me to sleep fast 10/10
76561197972322055,Not Recommended,237930,24391339,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,rstamp,Bought this game on sale and I'm glad of that. I've tried twice now to play it and both times I'm lost on what I'm supposed to do. I guess I was after a little more hand holding initially.The graphics and soundtrack are great but as far as play-ability goes it's a thumbs down. Will have to give Bastion a try to see how it compares. Not what I was looking for and a warning that the review system is highly objective.
76561197999102100,Not Recommended,237930,11529501,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Saltine Cracker,"So i've been trying a variety of things, upgraded drivers and such and I still cannot get this game to play. I still have no idea why. Beware.I sucks too because i was really really looking forward to it."
76561198043099124,Not Recommended,237930,12274409,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,spam,"Beautiful style and music, however, the gameplay is boring..."
,Not Recommended,237930,13537085,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,AliceTheGorgon,"Relatively interesting gameplay, but spoiled by a boring ""Feel something damn it!"" type of story.Spoiler alert: The dead dude is Red's boyfriend.Spoiler alert: Games that try to make you sad in order to be ""deep"" or ""meaningful"" are just as annoying as they've ever been."
,Not Recommended,237930,32756516,Posted: 24 June,all,Poiso,"The ending didn't make me cry and the music is alright.Don't think this game is as good as the reviews make it seem. Yes, it's good, but there's a level of satisfaction this game was so, so close to giving me, but it didn't. Every kill feels so empty, and I didn't feel like I accomplished much when I killed a boss.However, I love almost all the gameplay mechanics (do I really have to rely on the turn() system?), and it's probably the first game I've ever done NG+ on. That's saying a lot coming from me.For 5 bucks, it's worth every penny. For 20? Ehh...6/10"
76561198012545565,Not Recommended,237930,24492860,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,zastroph,"MINI REVIEW: What a load of garbage this game is, the combat system is so fracking confusinng that I simply gave up and rage quit!FULL REVIEW: What a load of garbage this game is, the combat system is so fracking confusinng that I simply gave up and rage quit. You start off the game by killinng one enemy, which respawns several times. OK, fair enough, finally killed it and moved on. About 10 seconds later, you are attacked by multiple enemies that just respawn over and over repeatedly, no end in sight of how many times they can actually respawn, which is pathetic. On top of this, the combat keeps switching from instant action, to some sort of line up action, where you commit several actions and then fire them all off in one action. WTF!!!Don't buy this crap unless it is on special and you enjoy scratching your head wondering what they hell your doing!"
,Not Recommended,237930,11095463,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Black Magic,I had much higher expectations. Underwhelming in every regard.
76561198005113415,Not Recommended,237930,10517417,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Misima,"Desighn is beatuful! But I find this game to repititve and combat are toooo hard! Too many combat too little story (stroy and music this what is good here). So get boring too fast. Make combat esier. Dont make an enymy after each coner. Combat is not realy good in this game, too repetitive, too often, too hard."
76561197965577034,Not Recommended,237930,24033986,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Cman,Don't waste your time. Just play Bastion again.
,Not Recommended,237930,10904963,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,spooki,Meh
76561198049733975,Not Recommended,237930,34593243,Posted: 29 August,all,Son of Simon,Play Bastion again.
76561198201716677,Not Recommended,237930,32752876,Posted: 24 June,all,Agamemnicon,"So turns out this hack-n-slash is more predicated on hitting the space bar and pre-planning your hacking and slashing, then watching it happen, than actually hacking-and-slashing.I didn't like that. I didn't like the cartoony-composed-of-ovals bad guys (the main character and the environment look great, why so low-res with the baddies?)I'm requesting a refund."
,Not Recommended,237930,33259294,Posted: 4 July,all,MisterY2033,I am already bored in  the first 30 minutes .
76561198042547261,Not Recommended,237930,28951009,Posted: 2 January,all,Edje,What looked like a fun game is ruined by some guy doing a poor Batman impression talking over the game & never shutting up.
,Not Recommended,237930,21724699,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,TheUnderNetwork,"This is what happens when you allow hipsters to make a game. All eye candy and visuals,poor story writing,bad voice acting and the gameplay is mediocre at best. I really want to finish this game if I wasn't cringing so damn hard."
,Not Recommended,237930,23903636,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,[NHK]Misaki,"Good art, good game, but I shouldn't have to go change my computer's region & language settings just to get the fonts to display correctly. A bug that is reported 2 years ago, yet they still didn't bother to fix it and the dev replies to questions are like ""hey just change your region and language settings"", yeah OK I'll go change my friggin settings just to play your game. It isn't the 90s anymore. If I buy something on Steam, click Play and it doesn't work properly, it means uninstall and refund."
76561197961267750,Not Recommended,237930,33249961,Posted: 4 July,all,ez,Losing attacks and abilities on death is a cancerously unfun mechanic.
,Not Recommended,237930,30337761,Posted: 5 March,all,whoisvolos,"First of all, art and music really good. But from this point (obvious, right?), pros are ended. Bugs with 4K - forget about mouse or play in small window - this game simple does not support resolutions more than 1920x1080. Clunky and un-obvious control of your character - that what's game about. Break your fingers without any possibility to beat some bosses. Ofcourse, after some time of hard training you will play this game like other normal-in-ux-sense game but I do not think it's what you want.Pity, I can't even get pleasure from story cause controls are trash. It's not action RPG - these are good in UX sense. Some folk tell that this game is just like Bastion. It's a lie, Bastion damn good in controls and can be called true action RPG.Art 10/10Music 10/10Coding 3/10UX 1/10 (apparently devs should not just fire ux designer but beat him with big green sword). I do not recommend this game to anybody who appreciates themselves."
,Recommended,237930,10180370,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,shakin like booty meat,Smash people with cyberswords and functions and listen to really cool music
76561198056106029,Not Recommended,237930,10244473,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,tsunami0ne,ZZZZzzzzz.... your sword also has an annoying voice.
76561197961025317,Not Recommended,237930,12824215,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Grospoliner,"Words can not begin to describe how disgraceful this game is.The gameplay is great, the visuals are amazing, the plot intriguing, and then that ending? I haven't seen such garbage since the end of Space Marine and absurd quick time event final boss battle. That at least was only offensive to my sense of accomplishment; this game's ending however, is as an affront to logic and my own sensibilties.This contempt could easily have been avoided with an alternate ending, but in their hubris Supergiant failed to provide that. I expected more from Supergiant, and they failed. Miserably.You might be wondering what I could find so offensive? If you've completed Transistor, then you already should know. If you haven't. I'm not going to spoil it for you and you should either find out for yourself by reading online or playing the game. If you do the latter, I certainly don't recommend buying it."
,Not Recommended,237930,25406160,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Hexie Lambent - ♤,A sword talks to you while you engage in tedious combat.
76561198021263677,Not Recommended,237930,12910108,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,evan.scott,"Very disappointing.  Having been surprised and thoroughly charmed and intrigued by Bastion, this was just dull and frustrating.  There's a fine line between holding back information to intrigue and challenge the player and just being clunky and annoying.I very rarely find myself rage quitting and this game managed it by just rubbing me the wrong way, along with a complete lack of motivation to find out what it was all about."
,Not Recommended,237930,13001087,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,demonteeth,I should have listened to the reviews that saidthat this game never actually pans out in a satisfying way. They were right.
76561198011922750,Not Recommended,237930,33666316,Posted: 19 July,all,JellyJiggler,The writting is complete trash.
,Not Recommended,237930,29593198,Posted: 30 January,all,heroina,-
76561198067753145,Not Recommended,237930,13240330,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,saaf bruv,"My sister loves it, I guess when I grow female genitals I'll love it too."
,Not Recommended,237930,12840642,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,𝑡𝑦𝑙𝑒𝑟 ☂,beautiful game with miserable combat mechanics and a terribly presented story
,Not Recommended,237930,12782166,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Dee,"My review is very, very mixed. Before I get into the negatives, let me tell you about the positives.The game is absolutely GORGEOUS. The entire game looks like you're playing in a painting, the creatures you fight are very well-designed and so are all of the characters involved. The story was interesting even though its slightly confusing in the beginning, but everything eventually comes together. Strategy is very fun and you have the option to make things harder if you find the game too easy by setting up limiters. The voice acting is great, soundtrack amazing, ambiance and environment is out of this world...But then there's horrible things. So much suicide, both implied and seen. It's not graphic but it's still very terrible the way it happens. I don't want to give away too much without spoiling it but lets just say the ending of this game (which took me 3 hours btw) made me never want to play it again. There was no warnings, I read nothing about suicide when going through the reviews and ratings. Why did no one mention this? It happens 3 times. THREE. All major characters that you see more than once. I'm still so ANGRY because I want so bad to love this game and give it a positive review because I adored it when I was playing it. If it wasn't for that I would've hit ""yes"" to recommend it but I seriously can't do that anymore.The ending is complete trash for such a nice game and it's a shame I have to rate it 4/10 because of that."
,Not Recommended,237930,11430850,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,R3volve,"Disappointing sequel to Bastion.They ditched the fast paced action for a turn based ""plan your attacks and watch your character execute them"" system.Music is great.Art is great.5/10.its OK.not a fan of the female lead."
,Not Recommended,237930,28814030,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,TheDestroyer017,Not bad concept but not as good as bastion.. very repetitive.. happy I didn't pay full price not worth buying id skip this one folks..
76561198007633209,Not Recommended,237930,10213151,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Leethus,"Summary: Disappointing as an RPG. The gameplay is interesting and noteworthy, but the story is wasted.Start with the good stuff: Gameplay. The combat system sounds interesting at first, but ends up being a bit dull for a while. By the time you're 2-3 hours in, and have a good variety of abilities to choose from, things turn around and it gets pretty fun. I'm sure there are people who specced completely different from me, and it's interesting to play around with all the skills to see what you can get away with. In this respect, Transistor reminds me of games like Valkyrie Profile and Resonance Of Fate, other RPGs with combat systems that seem kind of awkward and disjointed at first, but reward you greatly as you get the hang of it and learn their intricacies (though Transistor is not as deep as either of those games).Now the bad: The game completely lost me on the story, though. It seems a bit open to interpretation, and things are never clearly explained to you. This *can* be done in an interesting way (I love a good mystery as much as anyone), but I had no emotional investment or attachment to anyone or anything that occurred in this game in the slightest. There's no character development whatsoever, just a couple random details about people, most of whom are pretty inconsequential. That leaves you with a disjointed, unexplained, and irrelevant world. I was never given a reason to care about the fate of the city, Red, or the Transistor.The music didn't really strike me, either. It's not bad, but having recently played through Child Of Light and To The Moon, two games that definitely made me take notice of their music, I'm disappointed with Transistor's soundtrack, especially considering the praise that other reviews have been lauding upon it.I feel like I'm missing something, because everyone else seems to love this game. I went in expecting to love it, but ended up waiting for a revelation that never came."
,Not Recommended,237930,11301070,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,qqmbers_eye,Once played I'll never return to this game. Beautiful soundtrack is worth to listen.
,Not Recommended,237930,10214062,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Hideous Kojima,"Transistor is the epitome of all style, no substance. It's pretty and has good audio design, but the awesome game design that made Bastion great is completely absent. It's mechanically shallow, and this really sort of damns the whole game because it makes all the ambience the game is so tunnel visioned on feel irrelevant. There's no need for a game here, a ten minute long short film would do this better."
76561197982401199,Not Recommended,237930,12988449,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,a guest,Makes me wonder if some of the better parts of Bastion were a fluke.
76561198066799394,Not Recommended,237930,28602255,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,soulmusicfly,"I really don't like this game , it's boring.It's beautiful and music is very good.But the game play is boring.I don't like it , wasting my time."
,Not Recommended,237930,24328479,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Ephiraal,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t boss battles.
,Not Recommended,237930,18168323,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,"Kill Yourself, Gabe Newell","Supergiant works their magic again by taking a great concept, making you think it's good, and then hitting you in the face with the harsh reality. Said reality is ""if Transistor was a human, it would deserve to be gunned down on the streets like the degenerate it is."" With constantly changing rules that they handily fail to inform you of(fun fact, that annoying Snapshot drone that can't be dodged? News flash, its rays can later INTERRUPT YOUR ♥♥♥♥ING PLAN. I'm not joking, that♥♥♥♥♥♥will ♥♥♥♥ you over), and the overall ♥♥♥♥♥♥ arsenal of attacks(combat is not decently paced like Bastion. That's right, it's ♥♥♥♥ing worse than Bastion. Bravo Supergiant) makes this game a giant chore.The music is just typical indie♥♥♥♥♥♥ by the way. Don't even buy the soundtrack, just let these hack developers die off."
76561198067110345,Not Recommended,237930,13174910,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,mjholsen,lame
,Not Recommended,237930,29775252,Posted: 7 February,all,Anthony William,so gooddddd@!!!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,237930,31834849,Posted: 18 May,all,Deus Vult,"Meh, cant even play it. Bugged piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,237930,24395405,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,姉さん,"☑ Ugly woman MC☑ PMS delirium instead of a plot☑ ‘What the hell is happening around me’ – every ten seconds☑ ‘Who are all these people’ – every three minutes☑ ‘How all of this is supposed to be bound together’ – after ten minutes☑ ‘Are these tripods from Portal?’ – sometimes10/10 Woman programming, would delete again."
76561198216192339,Not Recommended,237930,22970686,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,akajanedoe,"Absolutely horrible. The gameplay was entirely confusing, the plot was both vague and dry and the only gameplay is fighting adversaries and moving on to the next unimaginative level akin to the one before. The battle sequences are difficult to understand and it also runs badly on Mac, getting 3 frames per second on my Macbook Air, which can process much more advanced gaming software with ease. 0/10. Not worth the effort or money."
76561197967685936,Not Recommended,237930,30450060,Posted: 11 March,all,^7ja^1co,"I fail to see what is so great about this...slow paced, uninteresting story, narrotor a lot worse this time around than Bastion."
,Not Recommended,237930,10236135,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Rakasha,"I'll be honestly, I don't care for the new combat system, the story is badly presented and not explained very well, and is it simply not as good as bastion."
76561198313498250,Not Recommended,237930,32769546,Posted: 25 June,all,Eternal Nightmare,"Aweful game, can't skip cutscenes. ♥♥♥♥♥♥ voice acting.I couldn't handle 30 minutes."
76561198178877717,Not Recommended,237930,30369878,Posted: 7 March,all,Ithyphallic,"Not too bad. But not recomanded. Not for hardcore si-fi fans. Not for hardcore players. The plot is ok but has no depth. The graphic is too ""sweet"". The Transistor is way too big to be a weapon. The gameplay is ok but....not really addictive.Basicly it is a girly game. For those who has a sensive heart maybe."
,Not Recommended,237930,10226089,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Verenti,"Ultimately, I can't recommend this game.I really enjoyed playing this until about half-way through and I realised that the most rewarding thing about it is the Transistor customisation.The game isn't challenging. There is no real discernable story or character development, and the setting gives you only hints at it's world. It's a neat idea, but the execution leaves you with a game that is all style and no substance. I beat the game, and after while trying to explain the plot, I realised that no-one's motivation or characters are at all clear. Red, the protagonist, is a non-character who only has a chance to express herself through a few lines of ""dialogue"". Furthermore, the game's featured ""dynamic soundtrack"" amounts to pressing a button to have Red hum along adding a vocal track to songs.I enjoyed playing this, but I found the experience disapointing. I felt like this game promised a lot and failed categorically to deliver anything compelling. I was invited by trailers and interviews to explore and discover a near-future city and a lovingly crafted story. I found neither of these things.When this game finally goes Humble Bundle or Steam Sale, I would pick if up-- if you haven't. But by no means is this a must play experience the critics have been talking about. This is a tactics simulator which uses a flimsy scenario to string together indistinguishable encounters."
76561198001290377,Not Recommended,237930,10220480,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,AkaiKuroba,"I was really lookin forward to this game and while it looks amazing it isn't that fun. The story is kinda boring and the gameplay is not that great either. It took me only 4,8 hours to finish it so its pretty short but not horribly so, so if you're looking  for another game like Bastion then this isn't it.6/10"
,Not Recommended,237930,28523028,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Nekurakodoku,"Okay, Story is 8/10, Game Play 8/9 due to not just a hack n slash and you actually have to plan out your attacks very cool very cool indeed., Imagery 10/10, but who cares?Ending sucks♥♥♥♥♥ Not going to spoil it for you or anyone that wants to play it but very anticlimactic in all sense of the word.Story was well told and gameplay is a blast and the imagery really really good. But that ending...smh"
,Not Recommended,237930,10237679,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Ottiferous,"While very pretty ( think Bladerunner ) the story wasn't particuarly interesting. You could honestly start playing at any point and have the same idea of what is going on as someone who started from the beginning. The companion's voice gets on your nerves after a while as he whines about whatever it is you happen to be doing.There are some fun quirks - like how all your attacks look like function calls, and the combat is a pretty slick idea. But I feel that it doesn't hold up after a few encounters and the challenge is pretty weak even with all limiters turned on.Between the lack of a compelling story, combat thats repetitive more often than not, and an annoying side-kick who sounds like he's perpetually confused it just didn't do it for me. Play Bastion instead."
76561197996903730,Not Recommended,237930,10222622,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Ontology,"This game is broken and crashes constantly. It's not a bad game, but don't buy it right now.Crashing aside, it just isn't as fun as Bastion. Boring combat, boring story, recycled narrator voice following me around."
,Not Recommended,237930,10214829,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,gwarfdaed,"Wost. Ending. Ever. Fortunately, the game was short so it didn't waste too much of my time."
76561198005772592,Not Recommended,237930,10271188,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Awsumpossum,"Keep in mind, I have only played this game for 2 hours, but this has been my experience so far.I never played Bastion, so I wasn't won over by the hype of Transistor and I wasn't jaded at all by my experience with Bastion.  I entered Transistor with a relatively open-mind, but I quickly realized the game just wasn't for me.  It isn't necessarily bad, it's just not great.What does the game do well?  People like the art, the music, and the story.  Some, though more rare, even like the gameplay.  To those who fall in those categories I say, ""Eh, they're alright"".Sure, the hand-drawn atmosphere is impressive, but is it impressive because it is hand-drawn or is it impressive because...well, the graphics are truly impressive?  In my opinion, it's the former.  Is the story good?  Some people love the narrator style-driven story.  For me, it was mostly annoying.  Parts of it were cool, the parts that felt like the narration was actually telling a coherent story, but most of the time your sword is just babbling which eventually becomes kind of annoying.   The way you unlock elements of the story is neat [by using combinations of abilities in combat]; unfortunately, in order to successfully do this, you're forced to play with combinations of abilities that you might not enjoy.  So, is it a pro or a con?  I don't know, make up your own mind.Why would I not recommend the game?  Well, for one, combat was weak.  There are basically like 4-5 skins of monsters through the majority of the game that you just continuously fight over and over and over.  Once you figure out who does what, how they do it, etc.  you kind of have an idea of how to play every encounter.  Yes, you can turn on ""limiters"" which make combat more difficult, but don't really change too much of your general strategy.Second, the game is way too linear.  Essentially, you walk on a platform for a bit, maybe you encounter some world objects that open up some of the story, then you run into enemies, you clear them, you walk some more, you encounter enemies, wallaa.  At this point you've seen all the game has to offer.  Sure, occasionally you hit a side area to explore that opens up some more story, but it really doesn't do much to alter gameplay.  To me, the game really feels more like a turn-based platformer than an ""ARPG"" which is what it is billed as [Yes, I knew it had a turn-based element before buying it - my point still stands - but most ARPGs are a little bit more ""open"" and less linear].Third, the graphics and music and story, most things that other people highly touted, just really did not do much for me.  Maybe I'm a stickler, but I think the people that will enjoy this game are indie bandwagon fans eager to tout a small studio's effort.  To me, it is a game that is far too straight-forward and lacks any real depth."
,Not Recommended,237930,24329730,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,General Shrooms,"Pros: Music and visuals are fantasticCons: everything elseThe game is boring and repetitive.-All the battles play out the same way even after unlocking more abilities.-The story is bad. The game drops you right in the middle without explaining anything, which isn't bad pe rse, but the game does such a poor job at keeping you intrigued that you will have no interest in learning anything about the world or characters.I bought this on sale and it still managed to be the only game on steam I refunded."
76561198028166485,Not Recommended,237930,12740985,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,xain908,"I cannot play this game! I just downloaded it yesterday. It goes into the splash screen, then the screen goes black and it gets stuck there. I tried waiting for 15 minutes but nothing happens. This is the first game that I ever had on steam that doesn't work.OS X 10.9.5Late 2012 Mac miniI will change my review once you guys fix this.*EDIT*Ok without doing anything but I just kept on force closing and restarting the game; I was able to make it run. It took me 3 or 4 restarts, and while stuck I waited 2 to 15 minutes. Now, I never got stuck again even after restarting multiple times.My music and controls review for this game:Music 9/10One of the best audio experience I've had in gaming. I think the sword's voice was good for it's character, but it was not good to be a narrator.Controls: 2/10I will compare this to Bastion, you guys broke your own controls. The character movement is too slow for the map area. Look at Bastion, you have these tiny ""islands"" to move around which is good for the character's movement speed. Even then, I constantly had to do the duck and roll move just to quickly go from one place to another. For Transistor, the dash skill's reload time is too long and too short distanced to be helpful in the beginning.And also, I didn't like the fact that I am forced to used the space skill (whatever it was called), just to beat a boss or fight enemies.1. It takes too long to setup,2. the action in the end where she does all the moves is too slow for me,3. and it also destroys your momentum for the fights. This move is probably just good for puzzle solving.4. Its also stressful to see that after all that setup time, and action time, sometimes the enemies will still be alive,5. and because of the ""recharge phase"" after the space move, that prevents me from attacking, I had to run around helplessly while being hit by the enemy weapons because it's nearly impossible to doge anything. Recharging takes 3 or 5 seconds, enough time to take half of my hp away.Single skills without the use of the space skill, takes too long to execute, takes too long to reload, and too weak to be worth doing.I'm now at the part where you can do the speed test. And so far the controls is just too awful for me to continue. But, I will be fair. I will try a few more levels and hope that the controls will improve.I will edit this again tomorrow for my final verdict.*EDIT*Ok I have given all I can for this game. I'm sorry but the controls and combat style is really not for me. Everything is too slow. I'm too stressed out to continue playing. And to all who says ""If you like Bastion you should play this game"", you should be ashamed."
76561198074129623,Not Recommended,237930,12754047,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Delta Smelta,"not working on mac, first load screen shows up then goes to black screen. ive deleted and re downladed but still nothing. not worth my money right now, i will rewrite when my review when this is fixed. :'("
,Not Recommended,237930,10242636,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Virtue777,"It's definitely not a bad game but it's only about three and a half hours long, and that's if you're constantly stopping to appreciate the environments. If you were just to blaze through, it's maybe 2 hours long. I also experienced some crashes. It's worth playing, but not for $20."
,Not Recommended,237930,26496747,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,♠ PheX,"Game is too bad for my taste. Too boring, too slow, and the combat system is not explained at all. Hell, 15 min in the game and i didn't even know who was i roleplaying.2/10 just for the graphics."
76561198091904204,Not Recommended,237930,12736634,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Ritzy,"This game stutters as if the frame rate is less than one frame per second. I know not everyone has these problems with the game, but be warned before you buy that it may be entirely unplayable on your machine."
,Not Recommended,237930,10226445,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,BOO,maybe the four hours of gameplay would be better if i bought the 9 dollar music DLC?
76561198034204397,Not Recommended,237930,32877539,Posted: 27 June,all,Muggy™,"Boring and unoriginal gameplay.Lame soundtrackThe transistor talks too much, like the adoring fan.Amazing artwork.Not worth it. Play Vagrant Story, Final Fantasy Tactics or Fallout 2 instead."
,Not Recommended,237930,16384275,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Threskiornis moluccus,okay except for the  optional character you hit about 15 minutes in who does nothing but tell demeaning and frankly insulting electrical engineer jokes
,Not Recommended,237930,29680329,Posted: 3 February,all,Hypnoncatrice,"Lazy art style, screenshots are the good looking bits. Most of the game is just white blocks, like minecraft except they couldn't be bothered to colour them in."
,Not Recommended,237930,10192705,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,I AKU!,"Everyone’s going to downvote me to hell and back but I’m going to give you all my honest opinion. Transistor is a massive disappointment and ultimately a  rather mediocre game. Bastion is one of my favorite games and that’s why I pre-ordered this game the day I was first able to. Now I'm really starting to think Bastion was just a fluke by Supergiant, because this game is way under par. The combat is a slog, it’s either a real pain or a total cakewalk. Losing abilities when you die is a real dumb idea and if you screw up enough can leave the game unwinnable. The combat has some interesting ideas, but it just ends up being boring and it feels a bit more complex that it needed to be.Unlike Bastion which had likable characters and an interesting and well-written story, Transistor has cardboard cutouts for characters that the game expects you to really care for and a plot that tries to appear deep and layered when it’s really just convoluted and vapid. I love a really good story driven game with likable characters, that’s why I loved Bastion so much, but Transistor utterly fails at this. I felt nothing for the characters and didn't care about what was going on, the exact opposite of Bastion. There is no sympathetic and morally gray antagonists like the Ura and Zulf, but instead we got a bunch of janitors that cause every problem in the game because they are bunch of incompetent buffoons. They're neither threatening nor interesting.  Attempts at character and charm just feel artificial and forced, the game just tells you the characters’ relationships instead of showing you.  Red and the sword's being chief example, you never really get a good understanding about either them and Red being a mute really doesn't help matters any. The plot is filled with holes and never adequately explained, as stated before the whole game wouldn't have happened if the Camarata weren't all braindead. The ending also makes Red comes across as really selfish and unlikable because of it. Finally, the Transistor’s narration just seems forced and it lacks a lot of the charm and character that Rucks had. Most of his dialogue is also pretty pointless and doesn't illustrate the world and characters nearly as well Rucks did.The only good things about Transistor is the aesthetic and the soundtrack. Both are real quality stuff but they are wasted on everything else. Overall this game seems like had an extremely troubled development because there’s so much potential that gets utterly squandered. What we get is a hollow facsimile of Bastion with little of the heart. I say don’t buy the game, (If you really, really want to though just get it when its a lot cheaper) just buy the soundtrack and/or play Bastion again. I’m probably not buying anymore of Supergiant’s games if this is what they’re going to be like from now on, it’s a real shame."
,Not Recommended,237930,31804272,Posted: 17 May,all,Pirlo with a Gun,Uninspiring and monotone. All style and not enough substance.
,Recommended,237930,29503652,Posted: 26 January,all,Skyterra,.
76561198009306277,Not Recommended,237930,10183682,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Fragsworth,"I don't know. I got bored after about an hour of playing. The art direction is hip and awesome, but the combat mechanics weren't really all that fun. The game is also way too hand-holdy.On top of that, there were some video glitches where I'd see nothing but a black screen that I couldn't resolve except by alt-tabbing back and forth."
,Not Recommended,237930,10188344,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Eidle,"This game is having a buggy launch some people have no problems with it, some people can't launch the game (including myself) some people can play the game but it's laggy or stuttering and randomly freezes. I can't recommend this game in it's current state, I would wait until a sale or purchase this on a different platform."
,Not Recommended,237930,10183585,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,ringhloth,"Whether or not you like Transistor depends on whether or not you're immediately charmed by the graphics. Those are definitely the games strongest point, if you're into them. They're quite nice, but there are plenty of other games with great graphics.The narration undoubtedly takes a page (or the entire book) from Bastion with the talking sword, but it's pretty sparse, and doesn't really deliver too much, especially in terms of story. Undoubtedly, its weakest point, the story confuses minimilism with sparseness. There's incredibly little motivation, information about what is happening, or really much of anything. It's really disappointing. Minimalism should highlight the best parts of game by cutting the worst parts out, rather than leaving out the core of what a story needs to have.The combat is pretty iffy. Not really terrible, but around the third wave of enemy upgrades, the game decides to frustrate you, throwing away its own mechanics in a desperate attempt to keep the game fresh. Otherwise, it's quite easy, even with keeping all of the handicaps on. There's no other gameplay besides the combat.The interface (especially the access point screen) is clunky, at best. If you wanted to build your build from scratch, it'll take 20 or so screen switches by mid game. By end game, it might go as high as 32 screen switches. Very slow, and while the game treats you with story to reward switching up your build, it punishes you big time with the sheer amount of effort it takes to do so.Personally, I liked the graphics, but I don't believe they can carry a game, and nothing else about Transistor was particularly enticing."
,Not Recommended,237930,10210577,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Drinniol,It's♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,237930,10190196,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Cypher,"-= Post Contains Spoilers =-The Pros- Great Soundtrack- Good Visuals- Gameplay that will remain entertaining for the short time you play- Good SettingThe Cons- Short Game- Glarring Plot HolesI feel that Transistor as a game was cut or rushed out. There are cutscenes and area's in the trailer of the game that you do_not_see in the actual game itself. The Cameratta are not very fleshed out as to what exactly they are hoping to achieve or how they set about doing so. They have a generic goal of creating a static reality because they don't like change and create the process to stop this.  The game allows you to piece together your own conclusions with what sparse plot information it gives you but it leaves glaring holes in the overall story. You go through the game hearing about other citizens disappearing but then you never see any of them alive. The few you do see are dead and you absorb them. That stops happening pretty quickly.The process has a sort of obsession with red shown with the Camera-like enemy taking pictures of reds poster and the theater incident where cluckers are shown in the seats. Yet this is never elaborated on. It feels like ""The Process"" as an enemy were to be so much more but were cut down in the last second decision to be simply ""The Antagonist."" The evolving form of The Process is shown in the later enemies more human appearance and seemed to be a precusor to a revelation in the making about this enemy. Or when you enter into the Dark Lady Nursery.Another thing is how did the Process became what it is, which is not explained, simply shrugged off with a ""I gave the Process to a guy for a second and then he screwed it up."" Or when you find the first of the Cameratta but they have been somehow turned into a Process being which is never ever explained.There are several places that are mentioned in the game but never seen, the country is refered almost constantly yet what it actually is, is unclear in what was a digital utopia. The other place that was refered to was ""Underground"", where the process came from as it has the cube like spawner enemy which the Transistor mentions is bringing them up from below. This game feels like it had a lot of missed potential.Then we come to the Deus Ex Machina ending. The ""Cradle"" of the Transistor which when used will destroy or contain all of the Process. You want reasons to why this happened? No, ♥♥♥♥ you, no reasons for you. This happens because plot. This and the fact that for some reason it creates another Transistor sword which the last remaining person other than you has and you have to kill them to get out of the random plane of existence you've been teleport to.Summary: If you are looking for the sequel to Bastions great storyline and narrative you won't find it here, if you are story nutI advise you pass this game on. But if you want a game with a great soundtrack, good visuals, and entertaining gameplay you've found your game."
,Not Recommended,237930,10184965,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Lavender Gooms,"Poor gameplay that never feels fluid, an irritating running commentary by a character we're never sure who he is or why we should care about him, absurd difficulty spikes, and a horrible final boss and ending.Bastion is one of my favorite gaming experience ever, so there was never a possibility where I wasn't going to buy and play SuperGiant's next game. So with that in mind I won't say I wish I hadn't played it. I just wish I could have appreciated the incredible visuals and fantastic soundtrack without the gameplay and narration constantly interrupting and getting in the way.The entire length of the game I felt like the gameplay was working against me. Every ability you have can be combined in different ways and then used in combat either real time or by pausing the game and choosing a sequence of actions to set up and then have executed automatically. Interesting idea, but the way it was implemented I could never find a good balance. Either I was using an ability combo that absolutely trivialized the encounter to the point where it was boring, or I was getting my butt kicked with little opportunity for me to recover. The gameplay always hovered between mildly frustrating and jaw-clenchingly irritating.There's nothing wrong with a game being five hours long, which is how long it ended up taking me to beat it. A game that short can have a lot packed into it to make it an incredibly worthwhile experience. Transistor doesn't have that, though, and in fact started to outstay its welcome before I had even gotten to the final areas. The final boss is a terrible mess of a gameplay mechanic completely unlike the rest of the game, forcing you to come up with new strategies on the fly and learn new ways to approach the game. The ending, which I will absolutely not spoil here, was right in line with the rest of the game in that it was a frustrating kick in the pants that was completely unearned.It's confusing, frustrating, irritating, absolutely gorgeous, and has an incredible soundtrack. Unfortunately those last two don't make up for the rest."
,Not Recommended,237930,10211513,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Mr. Octopicake,"This is tough, it really is but I feel like Bastion was superior than this in every way.Sure, combat was fun but at times it felt a little repetitive having to use a key function over and over again and wait for it to recharge again while you get nuked by enemies. That's just me though.Let me start with the pros; it's pretty, art is really nice, theme is pretty good, combat has its fun moments. Now for the cons? Story felt a little weak compared to the old one, mainly the writing itself felt poor to me. Some of the writing just seemed weird and really out of place, mainly with one of the characters named Royce kept reminding me of a weak version of Jeff Goldblum. Half the characters you meet you don't even really get to know. Oh, and I'm not much for the ending either.It just felt like it was all for scenery than story unlike the last game. Do you like Bastion? Then you'll probably like this, I just think Bastion is better.Sorry m8."
,Not Recommended,237930,10184292,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,¹Łoνє Kñives,Although the art style and story are the best I have ever seen. Then game itself literally lasted 3 hours. This was with every Limiter I found turned on. Then game itself is just too short to reccomend.
,Not Recommended,237930,10195437,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Tizmah,"I can't reccomend this game.First, the game has a great soundtrack and artstyle.  Great atmosphere.  That's about all the good I can say about TransistorThe story is vague.  Very vague.  So vague that I can't follow along with anything.  A sword is speaking to the voiceless ""Red"" who seems to only show any personality through art pieces.  You learn about other characters through skills after having found them in a dying state.  You get a snippet of dialogue about the character and a view lines of text.  So basically, it feels like tidbits of lore, but the plot doesn't go anywhere for quite a while.  I like mystery and stories where you figure things out only until the end, but this...it's just so empty and vague with little to no motivation.The gameplay boils down to walking down corridors with the occasional alternate ""dead end"" path leading to more short tid bits of the sword speaking to you about the spot, or a communication hub.  Thus you learn short bits about the characters previous life, but little to no exploration of the actual world.  It's basically running from Save Point- Enemy Fight- Story bit, Repeat.  Also, while roaming the levels you will see ""flashes"" of other players playing the game.  Well, so I hear.  I don't think the game ever really tells you that.  But apparently, this is what causes the 3-4 stall/freezes you will also run into in the game for such a pointless feature. They could have just made that client side, because in other games it actually has a purpose (Dark Souls).Besides that, the combat.  What a mess.  What we have here is a blend of turn-based and action.  Sounds cool, and I actually could see it working.  But it doesn't here.  You will spend your time in turn based because that is where the most damage and safest way to be is.  The downfall is that this game does a horrendous job of telling you what you need to do and giving you decent feedback.  Now, when you go into turn based mode, the world will phase out and stop.  The game shows you arcs of the moves you choose and also shows just how much HP will be taken off or if the enemy will evade/block it.  The fact is, this system is highly inaccurate.  I've chosen AoE moves, and it clearly shows my AoE should hit 3 of the targets because they are highlighted.  Guess what?  One didn't get hit, even though he was highlighted.  In another instance, I qued up three attack moves and that turn based system said that enemy would die, and after executing, it did not die.  Why give me misleading information?Now, perhaps I missed something.  I don't see how though.  Although, the game does a bad job of teaching the player how to play.  Oh yes, I enjoy learning things on my own.  I don't like to be hand held and have a tutorial for every little thing.  This though...The UI for assigning skills and such is not very self explanatory, combat is a mess, and when you die, you lose a skill until you reach the checkpoint after next and get full hp to finish the battle (Usually I just hit retry, because a. I don't like losing a skill and b. I don't like being held by the hand.  I find it an insult to just replinish my hp to full automatically so I can defeat the already beaten down enemies).  Which can hinder you badly, especially if you have limiters on.  All lmiiters do is enhance the enemies, giving you more exp for the difficulty boost.All in all, I found it more frustrating than I did enjoyable.  Shame though.  I hate seeing games with great music and art style have cumbersume design and messy gameplay."
,Not Recommended,237930,10194081,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,GooseComics,"I loved Bastion and the concept of that game. This game I thought I was going to enjoy it. I've had the game now for 24 hours, and it will just not open, and EVERYTHING that Supergiant Games has suggested to me will not fix the problem. I've asked for a refund, and I haven't heard anything back.Apparently this game is still in BETA, but released so that they could get more testers to fix bugs. I didn't sign up for that."
,Not Recommended,237930,10192252,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,bropocalypse,"Supergiant Games aren't taking the route of perfecting a certain genre of games, but rather perfecting a unique approach to a game. Like Bastion, the story is told in a non-conventional way, player choice for combat style (weapons/loadouts/dynamic difficulty) is paramount, and the art direction is breathtaking.Unlike Bastion's fast-paced arcadey shmup-style combat, the combat in Transistor almost feels like a cross between DOTA (this game is obviously influenced by one of Greg and Amir's favorite games) and Shadowrun Returns, XCOM, or similar turnbased strategy games. Most combat can be played either as real-time or turnbased with seamless switching between the two. It makes Transistor an entirely different genre than Bastion even though the presentation is so similar.So why won't I recommend this game?Well, it's difficult to make things so black and white as YES/NO. I really, really love the artstyle. The audio/visual aesthetic alone might be worth the price of $20 or more, BUT you've still got the game on top of that.I'm not saying that the game is all that bad... but it's just not good enough for the price of admission.Let's start with the story. Like Bastion, the story is told to the player in bite-sized chunks from a singular narrator. Unfortunately, the story just isn't told very well. Not enough is ever given to the player to know what is ever going on. The question ""why"" will pick away at any given turn, and many things are simply not explained. (Oh and that ending, I'll be the first in line to read why that ending made any sense whatsoever because I'm lost)In Bastion, many things about the world were unexplained or left unanswered. Here, Transistor tries a similar approach, but often just seems ambiguous and complicated for the sake of being ambiguous and complicated. The characters will drop hints left and right but not directly tell the player much of anything about anything. In Bastion, there were many one liners that were snarky, witty, poigniant, and, most of all, relevant. In Transistor the characters make several of these one-liners that have exactly none of these attributes.It also doesn't help that all of the characters in the game seem to have taken morphine before trying to talk to you. Seriously, if the character has something to say there's absolutely know reason that they cannot just say it without all the pausing and repeated words. There's only one time that it makes sense for a character to be slower in his speech, but that's another can of worms. I'll spare you the rant, just know that there's about two hours of dialogue in the game that's actually just dead air.Now for the actual gameplay. At first, I played Transistor heavily turn-based. It's what made sense to me, and the real-time elements felt clunky. About halfway through, though, I began to realize the DOTA influence, changed the keybindings to match, and found that the real-time combat was far easier that what I had been doing.At the end of the day, however, the combat still feels weak. I didn't feel like I had enough mobility in either play-style. The Jaunt() is good, but is most useful in a fully real-time strategy and still not fast enough to feel like I can get out of tough situations, nevermind just walking out of them. Hammering escape/retry became a staple for me at the end.Fortunately, there's a save-point after nearly every fight where you can fully regain your health. Unfortunately this ends up being every minute or so.Fights are small and quick. I can see this as an advantage for the player, but really it makes them feel like fights have no consequence. Sure there's an ""overload"" system whereby if the player takes too much damage, then they will lose a Function. But if the savepoint was literally two-seconds before the fight, then why would I not just restart the fight?That's not mentioning the bugs where I've launched enemies out-of-bounds and therefore unable to stop them from respawning... Or where you can exploit the upgrade system... Or how the final battle is just an exercise in frustration and avoiding tossing your keyboard through the monitor (0/10, will not fight again)... but I'll spare you.Finally there's the exploration. Walking around, there are many places that the player can click on and learn a little more about the environment or the story or whatever. There are also places that will transport the player to somewhere else and they will be unable to return. There is no differentiation between the two. It's far too easy to mistake a gateway for a senic overlook and find that content will now be missed. There are too many times where the player must approach a hotspot with trepidation of whether they will be forced into the next area or would be better to keep exploring.The ""backdoor"" areas are nice in theory. They allow for a break of sorts, but really have nothing to do with anything and just grind the story to a halt (which is already difficult to keep track of). They're an interesting idea, but just take far too much from the story.And there you have it in a nutshell. It's an interesting idea.Transistor is full of interesting ideas. It's got, really, one of the best presentations ever made, but the execution just doesn't quite hit the mark. It's a $30 game aesthetically, but only a $10 game, maybe, to play."
,Not Recommended,237930,10195269,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,EXtraDonut,Jason Statham voices the robot sword
76561197968370483,Not Recommended,237930,10190310,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,;),"Well, I gonna totally agree with Kana. I loved Bastion. I loved gameplay, I loved setting, I loved story.And now, playing first half an hour of this game, I must say that I didn't really expect it to be SO DAMN ABSTRACT. I can't figure out literally anything. And I kinda don't even want too.I'm not gonna talk about gameplay - not much to talk about.The game looks nice and I like the soundtrack, it's beautiful. Everything else is just a mess, though nice try, Supergiant Games."
,Not Recommended,237930,10193381,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Pink Rockwell,"This game has amazing music, a wonderful artstyle, and a decent combat system.However, it is extremely short. I am saying THREE HOURS short. For twenty bucks, that's a decent price, I suppose, but I had bigger hopes for this game.The City you are placed in is awesome and very stylistic, but right away you are thrown into a confusing situation and it doesn't get any less confusing even until the very end. It has an amazing premise with lots to build on, but for some reason none of it is resolved. There are tons of characters you wish you knew more about, but for some reason most of them DIE before you get to even talk to them.Most of the story is hidden within the abilities you get-- which is great, but I rather be playing the game and learning the story rather than stop in the middle of everything and read a bunch of text.This game is average. It didn't have the impact that Bastion had. It wasn't as long, it didn't have as memorable characters (The Transistor himself doesn't even have a face), had a dissatisftying story, and is ridiculously short.I tried to play this game without taking into account Bastion's length or it's story or it's anything... but at three hours worth of game time.. how can I?Sorry Supergiant, the rose-colored glasses are off now.Do better next time."
,Not Recommended,237930,10204749,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,z@ck,too pretentiousget mad fanboys6/10
76561197981743457,Not Recommended,237930,29493936,Posted: 25 January,all,Seterwind,"This game does some great things. You'll find what it does great in every positive review. The things this game does that can get on your bad side, is mostly the conveyance of what is going on. Which is through a lot of experimental storytelling.The thing this game does terribly, is it's ending.You commit suicide to spend eternity with your love as data, rather than rebuild the world that was destroyed.Many people like the ending, I find it glorifies something absolutely heinous. The main character decides on selfishness rather than the good of many ultimately and there is no changing that.I love supergiant, and I loved playing through this game. However for that ending, I simply cannot recommend anyone go through this game."
,Recommended,237930,10180324,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,forebodingburger,AAAHHHHHHHH
,Not Recommended,237930,10185518,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,▓▓▓▓._phrozen-.▓▓▓,"music is great, but the game is garbage. the speed test is stupid, and the sword just talking and talking, its so annoying"
,Not Recommended,237930,33213771,Posted: 3 July,all,Snipad,Nice Game.
,Not Recommended,237930,10191112,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Atmey,"Freezing and laggin, cant play♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,237930,10186463,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Kana,"Having loved Bastion, i so wanted to like this... but i can't. There's no charm whatsoever, and the story is indecipherably delivered in an absurdly non-user friendly system. The character voice accompanying you is as flavorful and soulful as listening to a drunken oaf constantly jammer on about nothing of value...The good sides can be summarized quickly; the art style is pretty fantastic, the music is overall good if a bit spotty in places, and the way skills interreact with eachother can give some very interesting results... even if they feel overtly sanitized.The bad sides are... not so easy to talk about.The way you figure out the story in the game is not by gameplay.Every character you meet (dead or about to be as they are) leave behind skills for you. These skills can be slotted in 3 manners; 1, As an actual usable skill 2. Augmenting another 3. As a passive.To unlock the story, every skill you get must be once planted in one of these slots for a minimum duration of one combat where the skill must be used.The way the story is delivered to you is a couple of paragraphs of plaintext with some uninteresting and unenlightening comments given by the voiceactor. This would be fine and understandable if the game were like Baldur's Gate, where you expect to ponder on choices and actually react to dialogue... this is as interesting way to deliver a story as reading a random fanfiction about something you are inherently assumed to care about, even if you're told pretty much nothing of it.The combat is... an incredibly dull blend of active and turn-based in the same vein, if worse, that Fallout 3/New Vegas VATS system screwed things up. It's difficult to explain, but i'll try:You can use your skills in real time, they have short cooldowns and differing amount of animation times to use them.However, you pretty much never will, because there's an alternative... ultimately more boring method to fight, which is required of you in most fights, (as you have no other way of dodging enemy attacks) the turn-based system.The turn system practically freezes time for you, allows you to do a set number of actions, including movement, until a certain amount of time is used up, after which your character will perform the actions automatically in pseudo-freeze time.This system trivializes any and all difficulty in the game, and yet it is absolutely necessary that you utilize it.After you've used the turn system, you wait for it to recharge for a few seconds in real time, and just so happens, pretty much every skill you have will be on cooldown during this time... so you can't have any kind of fun during waiting it to come back, unless you consider hiding behind breakable walls and just casually walking (running not allowed) away from enemies.There are also spikes in difficulty, but even with a vast amount of things that are supposed to make the game more difficult (They really don't, such as needing an arbitrary additional hit before you can collect the capsule that makes an enemy respawn is not about difficulty, it's about tedium), the game is overall non-challenging to likely anyone. ""Spikes in Difficulty"" just means you walk away slightly further from your enemies. The combat feels sluggish, there's no adrenaline rush for achieving anything, and it all feels like a big chore.The game also keeps crashing both itself and steam, because for some reason they're using a really poorly coded version of Demon's/Dark souls type system where you see blurry phantoms of other players roaming about. If there's any sort of a hitch in the system, the game freezes up and crashes Steam with it... and there's nothing you can do about it, outside of doing it in offline mode, and this game certainly is not worth that much effort.---Ultimately it's a hugely disappointing experience for me.As an aside:I should know well better to buy titles from indie devs that hit it big only once before, as personally, Arcen had already burnt me violently on that regard. Having loved AI War, the abysmal A Valley Without Wind deserves nothing but scorn. This isn't as bad, comparatively, but considering how unconditionally Bastion was loved... it's not a far off deal."
,Recommended,237930,35282066,Posted: 28 September,all,KungPooFighting,"One of the bests games i've played it has cool and fun fighting mechanics, great sound track, and Interesting story.I would of bought the sound track buti can downloaded it online for free"
,Not Recommended,237930,24348922,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Wally,Just play bastion instead
,Not Recommended,237930,10182806,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Sakamoto,"If you're expecting this to be something like Bastion... You'll be freaking disappointed.Like I'm not saying it's not a good game. But doesn't worth the price.Controls are dumb, and at some point is just sily to not use cheesy strategies.Around some 4-5 hours of gameplay, story is a bit ""dumb"" and they tried, really they tried hard, to re-use the narrator thing... Which didn't work at all.The pluses of this game, is that it's really beautiful but I still prefer Bastion.Musics are really good. Go download it somewhere, $10 is quite a rob.And whenever I press RB I just get hypnotized... For real, that woman's... Ugh... Just beautiful...Grab this if it's less than $10...Knowing Bastion, this feels like a waste of money"
76561197969399669,Not Recommended,237930,10189479,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Youmu Konpaku,Crash to Desktop on startup.
76561198139614545,Not Recommended,237930,12706234,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Wonderpill,"Fast off the heels of playing Dark Souls, and Dark Souls 2, with some Warriors Orochi 3 Ulitmate, I found this game, which I had on My Wishlist for some time.  I opted for the Soundtrack+ edition, since I had heard many good things about, both the game and its amazing soundtrack.  From what I could tell, The soundtrack is top notch.  The game, however is another story.I was hoping for a hack and slash, reminicent of a poor attempt at a Diablo clone, but this it is not.The game seems to center around lots of reading, and timing your attacks in a mode, which leaves you feeling empty.  I have given the game a solid 45 minutes to bore the hell out of me, and it did so with such gusto, I am compelled to write a review.Does the game have anything remotely rewarding? I honestly cannot play it any more to let you know.  If I do figure out where Steam has buried my downloaded soundtrack, I guess that would be more rewarding than playing the game to hear the score.If I was stuck on an island, with only this game to play, I guess I would eventually finish it.  The fact that I have other options, makes this an easy shelf.If you are remotely interested in this game, and find $10 to be within your budget, you likely would be better off buying a new book, because this is the crowd that would likely have the most fun with it.I don't like books, I like video games, and this game gravitates towards being a futuristic book, with pages made out of pixels... and a fantastic soundtrack and presentation.If you are looking for a game with a Great Soundtrack, fantastic Presentation, and Action... your game is on the Wii-U, and it is called Bayonetta 2... But really, $10 was enough to warrant a purchase to find out for myself, if I would like it... $10."
76561198089351402,Not Recommended,237930,12568780,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,lujate,"What an odd and frustrating game.  Beautiful yes, but the gameplay... O_o  I have no idea what they were going for.  I'm not sure how they can this an A-RPG."
,Recommended,237930,10180234,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Fr0thgar,♥♥♥♥ in your pants insane music and voice acting 10/10 ♥♥♥♥ing buy it
,Not Recommended,237930,26257198,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,GROM,games arem't art
,Not Recommended,237930,30257654,Posted: 1 March,all,NotAce,stupid weeaboo crap
76561198020432001,Not Recommended,237930,10182154,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Zymptom,"Terrible controls, terrible concept. Sad to think this came from the developers of Bastion."
,Recommended,237930,10413237,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Flower,Best of 2014... and then some. Period. I don't even know how to truly express my feelings towards this game. It's a piece of art. It's an emotional rollercoaster. Its story has such great depth waiting to be uncovered. Graphics? Excellent. Music? Excellent. Sound? Excellent. This is a game which will have a place in my heart for years to come. Well done.
,Recommended,237930,10413784,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Antlions,You shouldn't need somebody to tell you this game is amazing but here you are. It's amazing.
76561198002268870,Recommended,237930,10417781,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Immovable force,"Huge fan of bastion and supergiant did not dissapoint with this game aswell, just like bastion has loads of replayability. A true gem amongst role playing games."
,Recommended,237930,10264088,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Snowdrama,"Transistor is a well polished Action/Strategy game, with an interesting story and varied combat mechanics. However, though the game is not very long(6-10 hours for the first playthrough) it is a unique experience that you dont find in games anymore."
76561198005694910,Recommended,237930,10264149,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Xicree,"Beautiful. Intelligent and breath taking...A few bugs which induce graphical errors, but I'm willing to forgive them (especially since they will likely soon be cleared up) because of the overall quality and richness of this work.They never do quite explain the..."
76561197993212487,Recommended,237930,10264469,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Molasses,"A good game thats worth the price at least. The biggest issue is that this game is just bastion 2.0. the story is similar, the narrator is another sexy gruff voiced man, the main character is mute, and the gameplay is something you just have to wade through to get to the next bit of narration.Supergiant did something great with Bastion but that doesn't mean they can just reuse the same formula again and get another GOTY award."
76561198011692141,Recommended,237930,10264541,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,shryke,"Excellent game.  I don't feel that it is quite as good as Bastion, but is certainly well worth the price tag.  If you can find the spare cash I would recommend picking up the soundtrack as well.  So far the full soundtrack has been on loop every waking hour in my house for the last three days.  To break things down:PROS1. Excellent soundrtack as mentioned before.  It neatly ties in to the story and many of the tracks have to be discovered in game giving the music a unique relationship with the gameplay.2. When you figure out the combat it is very tight and deep allowing for many approaches to the same problems and the method of punishing your death by taking your most invested ability forces you to see most of them.3. Great story that I feel makes the most of the female protagonist.  Make sure to pay attention to the terminal responses as this gives great insight to the life of a singer without a voice.4. Beautiful art although this is from supergiant so thats to be expected.5. NG+CONS1. Combat can get really annoying until you get the hang of it, and as far as the PC version I didn't feel that combat outside of turn() to be smooth or intuitive forcing me to run until turn was up.Thats about it really.  A minor quibble about the combat is all I can come up with, well worth the 20 bucks."
,Recommended,237930,10265540,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Ashman,"absolutley awesome RPG. great music, as much plot as you personally choose there to be, and an innovative combat system with a huge amount of customisation. i love it"
,Recommended,237930,10265869,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,🙏🚫🅱🤔🐩👇❌🌯,"This game is great, buy it as soon as you can"
,Recommended,237930,10266197,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Lasher,Awesome action (but also turn based) cyberpunk RPG. Great OST. Great New Game +
,Recommended,237930,10266207,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Ripperoni and Cheese,"Beautiful game. The music, story, and combat really just flows together perfectly from beginning to end. While the game only took me 5 hours to beat on a first playthrough the game offers plenty of replayability with modifiers that add difficulty to the game. This is a game worth owning. Period. A short but satisfying journey, really :)."
76561198029632505,Recommended,237930,10266286,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,yakko,"Great artworks and overall atmosphere. Gameplay is interesting with the all the possibilities to combine your skills so it shouldn't get boring. Transistor definitely has the best game soundtracks of the last years and arguably is one of the best of all time, featuring great atmospheric music fitting the setting and the story around the singer Red. This is supported by the narrator previously known for also narrating the Bastion story. This time around however, he is more bound to the story being your ridiculously powerful weapong along your way. The difficulty is adjustable anytime so you won't feel frustration - just disable the so called 'limiters' and it'll be easier. The story is mysterious so you're basically trying to understand everything at first, which you eventually will and I promise you'll like it. However, fighting does feel clunky at times especially compared to Bastions' combat - limited ways to be mobile and the unability to use spells after the 'planning' mode make it difficult to enjoy the battles thoroughly. The game itself feels balanced due to this though so it cannot really be viewed as a negative point. All in all while the combat of Transistor seems inferior to its predecessor it's technically on a much higher level and the setting is more interesting as well as darker which leads to an overall great 'successor' and experience.9/10"
76561198024012274,Recommended,237930,10266878,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,fiszerv2,Amazingly beautifull game. Fantastic an unique combat system. Rather short but still fullfiling
,Recommended,237930,10267381,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,ThousandParsecs,"TL;DR: AWESOME, but short."
76561198028170280,Recommended,237930,10267781,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Kaowas,"Better than it even looks on the surface, Transistor is a deep game that combines action and tactical RPGs to create something truly special."
76561197991606763,Recommended,237930,10267861,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,CyborgUnicorn,"Beautiful game, the art, the music, the story, the voices and the gameplay blend togetherto make an amazing experience. If you were a fan of Bastion you'll love this game."
,Recommended,237930,10268417,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,tristanx,"One of the most charming games I've ever played. The soundtrack and art/visuals are stunning. Combat system is versatile and very unique. Story is short, but going through a second time without resetting your character is quite fun."
,Recommended,237930,10268850,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,RoseyLexi,"Supergiant has done it again. HIGHLY recommend; beautiful visuals, amazing combat, gorgeous music, and a great narration style. And get Bastion too, you won't regret either purchase."
,Recommended,237930,10268922,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Fredgerd,"This game is great. Absolutely fantastic. Everyone expected it to be, I think, and it lives up to my expectations. It's a bit less intuitive to learn than Bastion, but you catch on fairly quickly. Great music, great art, great story, really inventive game mechanics (its almost turn based tactics esque, but with real time elements as well, play it you'll see). Great enemy diversity with good mechanics. The bosses are amazing. Its a bit short but very replayable and all the game play is pure gold. Limiters (similar to Bastions Idols) offer alot of NG+ Challenge and encounters are also randomized partly for NG+.(Spoiler Warning!)XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXI do kinda wish there had been more bosses, and in particular, I wish Asher and Grant had been bosses you fought similar to Sybil. It might not have been as compelling for the story, but it still would have given the game two more boss encounters. 3 bosses is a little light, though all three were fantastic."
,Recommended,237930,10269096,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Holmstyle,"Once again, Supergiant releases a veritable clinic on atmosphere and storytelling. It's not often anymore that a game is able to give me chills, and Transistor accomplished that several times throughout its story.Comparisons to Bastion are inevitable, but warrented. Transistor takes a lot of cues from its older sibling, especially in it's clever use of the soundtrack, and the visual style. Gameplay seems to be a step up from Bastion's as well, but I wouldn't just call it an improvement. The Turn planning system makes for a much more stategic rhythm to the game, which I enjoyed wholeheartedly. The soundtrack, done once again by Darren Korb, manages to be absolutely breathtaking, while still not feeling instrusive.This is a game that needs to be played."
76561198027962853,Recommended,237930,10629957,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Mycroft,"Such an amazing game, the creators of bastion did it again with this beautiful masterpiece."
,Recommended,237930,10630725,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,guslingerr,"This game swaggers all over the place, and the music... my god in heaven, the music..."
,Recommended,237930,10630841,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Trans Homura,Alice please buy this game before the end of the saleit is seriously an amazing tragedy
76561198058380060,Recommended,237930,10645661,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,The Summoner,A great selling point for Transistor is it's replayability. Even when you finish you will want to go back and test out different combinations of moves on harder enemies and seeing how overpowered you can get.
76561198025658316,Recommended,237930,10579034,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,lukehauge,"Other reviews have covered the great parts of Transistor, and I agree that is a beautiful game with an immersive story and great gameplay, etc. I do want to give a bit of a warning, though:The story can be overly subtle, especially if it's not fully explored. I enjoyed unlocking snippets of character backstory and interacting with out-of-the-way terminals and scenery, but anyone who doesn't do so is going to miss out on a lot of the story. Even those who read and interact with everything are going to find themselves with questions. The story is too important to the gameplay to be ignored, so if you buy Transistor give it your full attention and you'll be rewarded.It is a short game and replay value is fairly low. Already on the second playthrough (even with Limiters and New Game+ spicing up my possibilities) I felt less ""magic"" than the first time--I already knew what was going to happen, after all, and so much of the excellence of the first playthrough was in the plot. Casual players ought to expect six to eight hours of gameplay in a single playthrough, only the most dedicated are likely to get more than 12 or 16. I think that for most people Transitor will be enjoyed once or twice and then set aside.The mechanics, like the story, are immersive and require dedication. It is tempting to find a single combination and use it through the whole game in the same way, adding on a single new power or slightly altering your layout with each level increase. There's a reason, though, that you're prompted to change your skillset every time you reach a checkpoint. The upgrade and passive ability system offers so much customization that by the end of the game I was finding testing new strategies and messing around in the skill menu at least as much fun as pulling off a well-executed combo (which, though awesome and enjoyable, did get a bit repetitive after ten hours).If you're not put off, though, please do buy Transistor with all haste. It is magnificent, artistic, mechanically brilliant, and intensely enjoyable."
,Recommended,237930,10648796,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,The Pale Rider,"Simply, its a fun game that doesnt disappoint visually and audibly. I enjoyed playing it and spinning various theories in my head about the characters but am having a hard time going for the second play through imediately after beating the game. Just like Bastion I will come back to it after a month or two and rekindle my interesting and joy that this game brings.Worth playing atleast once but you'll will definately go back for seconds at some point.Props to my friend who animated on this game!"
76561198003189603,Recommended,237930,10651532,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Drag Queen of Angmar,"Do you want to play a game with very interesting combat mechanics and a huge amount of customization options? Never fight battles with the same skills and passive combos twice!Do you like your games to be intelligently written with an intriguing plot and accompanied by a wonderful soundtrack? Do you want an organic way of learning about the setting and the plot without massive plot info dumps?Do you want to play a game with a beautiful and bold visual design?If so, Transistor is the game for you. Grab it during a Steam Sales if you have not done so already!"
76561197985146579,Recommended,237930,10658112,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,DoveStep,"Really interesting and varied gameplay. Incredible aesthetic, story and soundtrack. Highly reccommend"
,Recommended,237930,10666761,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Waddles,gorgeous.
76561198008499198,Recommended,237930,10667770,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Revanmug,"Good gameplay, beautiful art style, interesting story and amazing soundtrack. There is no reason not to own such a game."
,Recommended,237930,10668395,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,angeloftheodd,"The game has the charming artistic direction you would expect if you have played Bastion, only this time with a feel between cyberpunk and noir. The soundtrack is haunting and beautiful, especially the vocal pieces. It is now a mainstay on my phone playlist and well worth the extra cost for the soundtrack bundle.The battle system is mechanically sound and while deep strategising isn't required to win most battles, the wide variety of skills and ways to combine them will keep you experimenting regardless. The only gripe here is that the remaining enemy health indicator can occasionally be misleading, resulting in some frustating moments.All in all, highly reccommended. The unlockable lore, soundtrack and haunting ethereal feed will entice me back in for another playthrough. With enough out there to play, that is the highest praise I can give."
76561198031387148,Recommended,237930,10661819,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Yazeera,One of the best looking games of this generation.
,Recommended,237930,10496246,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Aminyx,"This is an absolutely beautiful game. The story is a little confusing, but playing through once more, I followed it more closely and really loved it."
,Recommended,237930,10499383,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,BrokenSaint,"I loved everything about this game. Supergiant did it again. This and Bastion are now one of my top games of all time.The style was amazing. The setting, the music, the art, the voice acting, everything was spot on. It created this feeling of wonder and excitement to learn more about how this world works. Again, the music...wow. Bought the soundtrack right after I beat the game and not regretting it at all.The story was really awesome as well. The way it was told was unique and just so meloncholy in a good way. It definitely gave me the feels. I wish there was even more as this world they crafted was just astounding.The gameplay was a blast as well. First play through I used Turn() a lot trying many different combos. The second playthrough I was able to find a really great real time set up and it made it feel fresh.While the game is short if you just sprint through and don't absorb the atmosphere and find all of Logan Cunningham's amazingly voiced sound bytes, it is long enough if played with some care. I am one for quality over quantity though, and this game has quality.Keep it up Supergiant, already looking forward to your next masterpiece!"
,Recommended,237930,10500039,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,quantamleap,"Wonderful game and art by Jen Zee, I love the sneaky hints that they give you to help you unravel the secret, and understand the ending. In the end, you might have to do some research on computers and programming to totally understand but it is worth it by far. Fun game in itself and fun after. Everyone should play."
,Recommended,237930,10502073,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,AssassinTG,"SuperGiant Games is one of a few game companies that you would consider the ""studio ghibli"" of the gaming world. As such, this game is quirky and follows suit with bastion but ups the difficulty changes the gameplay from hack and slash to strategy/tactics. The gameplay is all about and hugging cover from enemy fire and lighting them up in succession with your abilities. The ability system is great giving you the ability to experiment with strategies and combining abilities into one set (meaning you can ultimately change your play style at will). As for the atmospher; its another story, great jazz, a neo-twenties city and a smooth talking sword to give you insight into the lore"
76561198122932217,Recommended,237930,10475630,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,dwarey,"If anyone played this in the first few days, the bugs (stuttering, save game issues) have been completely fixed. They are kind of metaphorical though -- Transistor is, in more ways than one, not as polished as Bastion. The story never completely takes off, and if you are unwilling to put in the work to uncover information in-game then you may be completely confused. Still, it's hard to do anything but laud SuperGiant's ambition. This is a beautiful game, with amazing music to boot. Also, it's honestly fun to play, with a pseudo-strategy bent and a focus on mixing-and-matching abilities creatively. Sometimes I just turn it on and play around in test rooms, which is really an achievement for such a story-oriented game. So, it's definitely worth playing, though not quite the tour de force that Bastion was."
,Recommended,237930,10476183,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,exTenshun,"My early impressions of this great game:This title is more polished and flat out fun to play than most supposed ""A list"" games costing upwards of 40 to 60 bux. The battle and stealth mechanics make for a unique playing style that I thoroughly enjoy. This isn't a typical button masher, to say the least. The story line is solid and keeps you hungering to progress to learn more and the artistic graphics are beyond good. They're top knotch and fit the tone of the game like no other style ever would. All of this and I've barely cracked the surface of what Transistor has to offer. Intrigued? Yep, so was I. Buy it and have fun!"
,Recommended,237930,10476237,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Nillson,You can order flatbread pizza on one of the terminals
,Recommended,237930,10476840,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Mansour,This game is simply gorgeous and has a unique but great combat style. Overall it's an amazing experience :D
,Recommended,237930,10419173,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Parzival,"Transistor is an amazing game! Best one I've played this year topping both Secrets of Rætikon and Hotline Miami.  The Soundtrack just tops it off and amazing art style, great job Supergiant Games! Best of luck in the future <310/10"
,Recommended,237930,10420774,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Daedalo,"Great game from the guys that bring us Bastion.This is sadly is a little shorter (I remember that my first run on Bastion took me like 8 hours and I finished Transmision after 6) , but the plot, the art, the music and the mechanics of the game are really good and fun.The game offer a small (but not as small as the achivement list from Bastion) list of achivements and so far they are fun and challenging but not crazy hard.Overall this game is good deal for the 20 bucks it cost, and this come from a guy that almost never purchase games unless they are on sale... but I´m a big Bastion fan and I just couldn´t wait.Thanks for reading!"
,Recommended,237930,10421666,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Itemshop NPC: Juni,Once again Super Giant takes my breath away with this artistic game. The gameplay itself is a bit rough but the whole story...oh the whole story makes my soul soar... I recommend this to anyone who wants a plot heavy game with wonderful music.
,Recommended,237930,10422138,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,basic doogle,Emotionally packed indie game with beatiful art and great characters.11/10 it's alright.
76561198081874372,Recommended,237930,10425274,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,cgunn3r,The art and music are beautiful. The combat system is interesting to play around with. The talking sword gets old after a time but its a small point.
76561198038664657,Recommended,237930,10427841,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,GalacticTeetJuice,My game of the year. 10/10
76561198098330717,Recommended,237930,10427987,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,SheepHead9810,Transistor lived up to all my expectations and far beyond.The art and sound was astonishing and the gameplay was both fun and interesting.The story was probably the best I have seen seen this year(and may I say definitely a beter love story then Twilight)!
76561197960648149,Recommended,237930,10428594,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Taku ♪~,"I'm not sure I can recommend this enough.  Clocked in at around 7 hours for a single play through and, in an unprecedented turn of events, I intend on playing through it again.  Soon.  It has a new game+ option, keeping your upgrades and level, as well as the level of your opponents.  There are extremely minor differences in the game, but none that will give you explicit explanation of the story, if that is what you'd hope for.Oh yes, the story.  The game doesn't give you much exposition.  It just tosses you in.  Now, there are bits of character back story you can unlock through playing with certain skills used in specific ways, and contained in there is information that can help you glean an idea of what this world is and where it came from.  It won't hand you the back story, you have to work for it.I love this game.  Love it.  The visuals, the soundtrack, the method of narrative, the voice acting, fantastic.  All of it.  At 7 hours, you have to decide if the cost is worth it for you, but it was for me.Quick note: I never played Bastion.  The visuals and the tone didn't appeal to me enough to really captivate me.  Where Bastion missed for me, Transistor hit right on the mark immediately.  This game has caught some flak when compared to Bastion on the Steam forums, but being unable to make that comparison myself, I can say this game is fantastic."
76561198050938979,Recommended,237930,10429823,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,red rooster of dorn,"I wish I had less going on in my life so I could play more of this --- perfect blend, great atmosphere and implication, super deep game mechanics, wonderful art and music.  I'm usually a snob and never give things five out of five or ten out of ten, but this game makes me consider otherwise.  Really really really good"
76561197993575909,Recommended,237930,10430405,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Ostninjan,"Right from the start you are sucked in by the great visuals and the awesome music. The atmosphere in this game is really good, a quality I usually like the most in the games I play. The combat system is cool and plays well. The story on the other hand was so so, I did not really follow all the characters that well, but got the overall picture of it.I can also see why some(very boring) people would be put down by the art style, but for myself it is a big plus, and I would really love to see more stories play out in this world that´s been created.Great game!"
76561198074047301,Recommended,237930,10431958,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Leão da Proerd,This game is absolutely amazing!
,Recommended,237930,10432930,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,alvarpq,"I just finished playing this game. It's damn fun, and I'm about to go around again for the story. So yeah, it's really good."
,Recommended,237930,10477089,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Dosoct,hack and slash + RPG + Stratagy + Great Story = Transistor
76561198047040845,Recommended,237930,10477646,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Galaxy,"An absolute masterpiece. Beautiful visuals and art direction, fanstatic soundtrack and fun and dynamic gamplay. Only downside is its quite short, your looking at about 5-7 hours with challenges, but dont fear it has a new game plus. easy 10."
,Recommended,237930,10478178,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Jarik Spiegel,"A terrific story, a moving conclusion, and an environment that draws you in and wraps you up in a fantastic and colorful world slowly being white washed. It's hard not to love this game and all its little moments, from the way the music matches a gorgeous environment that wraps you up, to the little bites of this world that help make it seem more than a game board that you slide your character across.The combat system is quite charming; with a system built in that helps regulate difficulty as well as a time freezing trick that you can toggle when needed. The result is something that can delight everyone from the twitch player looking for the adrenaline pump of rapid tactical choices, to the labored perfectionist who tries to build just the right combination of steps to create the final satisfying conclusion. Both styles are rewarded well through Transistor's clever mechanics which was a delight to see and play with.The story did seem a little odd at first, as you start in media res a tense escape against unknown assailants in a world unfamiliar to you; but everything comes together quickly and it's not long till the pieces start fitting together. The characters are a wonderful match; Red as the ever capable fighter whose voiceless dialogue told a wonderful story of the sort of person she was, and the Transistor itself voiced by the ever amazing Logan Cunningham who plays the perfect counterpart of being both helpless and ever hopeful lover who is really just forced to watch from the sidelines as the world unfolds around him.I'll confess choking up when Red delivers her choice at the end of the game, and I found myself both understanding, dreading, and cheering it. Something which one doesn't always find when they embark on any narrative.In short; I loved Transistor. It may not be for everyone, but it's a fantastic experience with a colorful narrative and characters that you'll fall in love with."
,Recommended,237930,10478200,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Razgriz970,"OH MY ♥♥♥♥ING GOD THIS GAME IS... UNNNNGGGHHHH, good"
,Recommended,237930,10774339,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Entropic Thunder,Brilliant game. One of the few games that I've truly felt was worth every cent that I paid for it.
76561198048294364,Recommended,237930,10775686,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Calamitant,"An exquisite game with a justifiably lauded soundtrack, it contains some of the cleverest use of mechanics to impel players to try different startegies. Dearly hoping we'll see more content for this, but either way, Supergiant have knocked it out of the park again."
,Recommended,237930,10776548,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,YarpieL21,"An overal very enjoyable game with an intresting combat system, great music, well designed environments and a really good story.I did a more in-depth review of the game's story, you can check it out here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=40JE-wIhmmY"
,Recommended,237930,10777640,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,MattyTomTom,"Supergiant games, already well known for the phenomenal soundtrack and gameplay of Bastion, come swinging in round 2 with an equally sonerous experience, presented by Transistor. Sharing a similar style to Bastion, yet setting a clearly unique tone of its own, this game will attach you to the protagonists, making you feel their pain, happiness, and sense of exploration as you fight through this amazing story. In my opinion, the soundtrack in this game trumps Bastion's by far, and the music itself is even an integral part of the story, which is an awesome move by Supergiant Games. In short, look at my profile. I love this game. Buy it, and you will too."
,Recommended,237930,10727725,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Mauro Gargamel,Trilha sonora e história incríveis. Ótimo jogo.
,Recommended,237930,10728156,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Droid5x,"A seriously awesome work of art, from the soundtrack to the graphical art style, to the tragic, mysterious plot. This game is far more worth the playtime than most of the games being rolled out these days--particularly shooters--at a breakneck pace with little attention to the meaningful value of the content being dished out. In addition, I found the combat system in Transistor to be quite engaging, with the ability to plan several moves in quick succession (much like VATS in Fallout 3) and with highly customizable combinations of upgraded attacks (or functions, as they are known in the game). A very good game--I highly recommend you play it."
,Recommended,237930,10731104,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,MichaelLC,"Pleasing to the eye and ear, challenging to the mind and hand."
76561198079803388,Recommended,237930,10731400,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Falseangel17,"This is an absolute jem of a game. It feels weird to call this title a game, because it felt more like I was being told a story, and I was just fortunate enough to watch and listen to its end.While the gameplay was solid, and I had fun using the many different functions (powers) of transistor. What I really enjoyed however was the story. It quite literally brought me to tears  because of how powerful and moving it was.With the combination of the music and narration, this game literally just feels like a story. I don't know how else to describe it. It's more an artistic experience than it is a ""video game"". I highly reccomend this title, because you don't get games like these very often that inspire you."
76561198028508548,Recommended,237930,10699346,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,chronolinq,"Exellent presentation and really enjoyable game.  The unique combat system allows you to battle at your own pace; either in real time, or strategically through the tactical interface.  Keeps the 2nd playthrough fresh and the myriad combinations of attacks increases the playability of the game.  Sylistically, this game is amazing and I quite enjoyed the story."
76561198036350941,Recommended,237930,10699810,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Thayne Visor,"Fnatastic game, and worthy enough to follow the beauty of Bastion. Plays quite well and requires more planning than one would traditionally think making ever encounter an interesting experience. If you liked Bastion you should definitely try this out."
,Recommended,237930,10701373,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Minzoku Bokumetsu,"Short version: If you like Bastion, you'll like Transistor... because you've already played it.Long version: Transistor is like a high-tech, watered-down version of Bastion, with Art Deco in place of mysterious rising bits of landscape. There's visually a lot more going on in Transistor, if the frame rate on my computer is any indication [chugging somewhat at the lowest resolution], but the game is completely linear, where Bastion allows a choice of what land to visit next. To make up for it, the Transistor is capable of equipping and ""upgrading"" four different attacks (""Functions""), which double as life extensions (lose too much life, and a Function overloads--Red dies if all Functions overload). The Idols in Bastion reappear in Transistor as Limiters, providing additional experience at the expense of added difficulties.What sets Transistor apart from Bastion the most is the Turn() action, which is by default automatically activated at low health, though it can also be activated at will. Turn() is a Frozen Synapse-style ""freeze frame"" where Red can plan out a set number of attacks at leisure before enacting them, at the penalty of leaving herself unable to attack until her Turn() meter resets. Mastering Turn() can mean the difference between winning and losing, especially in the Sandbox tests. The most fun is experimenting with stacking Functions for effectiveness in battle, and finding all the cute flavour text hidden throughout the stages.Once again, if you like Bastion, you'll like Transistor... because you've already played it."
76561198041757067,Recommended,237930,10701658,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Karnoir,"Beautiful, excellent and innovative in every way possible. A definite must buy."
76561198024991581,Recommended,237930,10702400,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,BitterSILENCE,If you're a fan of Bastion this game is for you.
,Recommended,237930,10702588,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,AIdiner,10/10 nuff said
76561198008678879,Recommended,237930,10704427,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Mr. Creaux,Game's god damned beautiful in every sense out of the word.10/10
,Recommended,237930,10680107,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Slim_Ice_Tee,"Been looking forward to this game since seeing the E3 trailers years ago. Transistor did not dissapoint! There is a nice use of strategy and many options of creating combos. The artstyle and music are both incredible! It bleeds creative atmosphere. If you want something different or if you loved Bastion, buy this game NOW!"
76561198097292053,Recommended,237930,10681690,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,FFFFranku,Awesome Game. Soundtrack and graphics are soothing.
,Recommended,237930,10571723,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Angelore,"TL;DR: Transistor is good, you should pick it up if you liked Bastion or, in other words, if you like challenging combat and interesting storyline.That being said, what is transistor? It's an action-rpg game, where you have only one weapon, but it is very flexible and customizable. Leveling also affects weapon, there is no ""character skills"" whatsoever. The mechanics is unusual, it's a mix of time based and real time combat. At first I was sceptical about this, thinking that one of the modes will be way better, but that's not the case. Both modes are good, you can use one, other, or mix or them depending on your playstyle.The ""default"" combat is not very hard, as it was obviously designed for those who want to just see the story. But we are speaking of SGG, so they added a mechanics very similar to Bastion's Idols - Limiters, which can be activated/deactiated at any time, and will affect the strength, numbers and AI of enemies.The story is good, there is not much to say about it, the only downside being its length. This is arguably a downside, however, because the game doesn't feel too boring, and overextended.Also, the famous narrator is here, so this is definitely a big yay, imo."
,Recommended,237930,10244517,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Robo,"Beautiful and elegant - the soundtrack alone is amazing mixed with the great graphics and colours makes for such a great experience.Gameplay-wise this game ticks all the boxes, it is intelligent and strategy based without slowing down the rate of play or breaking immersion."
,Recommended,237930,10245074,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,JBShortz,Simply Beautiful.
76561197964148869,Recommended,237930,10245265,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Jezdoom,"Fantastic art, wonderful sound and a great combat system. The story is a tad sudden, but then flows together well. It isn't as fluid as bastion in terms of moving and repeating areas, but the story drives it on well.The combat is fantastic; real time, but with a turn based function that adds a huge tactical level. Add in that you can mix and match abilities means you will be experimenting and no build feels ""optimal"", as the enemies are different enough to encourage adaptation.Overall, a thorough ""recommend""!"
76561197978468181,Recommended,237930,10245740,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Rendbaek,I really liked Bastion. This is right up that ally. Though I would have like it to be WAAAAYYY longer.But thats the way it is with good games. you never want them to end.I was actually sad when it ended.
76561198006739323,Recommended,237930,10245767,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Ballistic365,Changes up the formula that made Bastion a hit but in a positive way. The story is compellng but only if you find the terminals and read the functions where it is told. Great gameplay via turnbased/action RPG style. Short in length but offers new game plus. I give it 4/5.
,Recommended,237930,10246008,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Porto88,Awesome Game! Very Well done RPG with awesome strategy based fighting and weapon customization. Amazing visuals and sound that really engulfs the player in the environment.
,Recommended,237930,10246025,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,-AW- Adretheon,"I reccomend this game with a heavy heart, I really wanted to love this game as much as Bastion, I just couldn't. The story was lackluster aside from a few points, and the overall story just left me asking who these people were and why they mattered so much.The combat, while awesome,(and well done) never gave me a chance to really open it up. I'd have to play through a second time to really explore the whole concept of equipping. Every two or three battles there would be some kind of almost tutorial like cutscene that showed you upgraded bad guys or new enemies(and I'd also be using them to test the new stuff I got). Even till the near end of the game it was doing this, and I felt like I was waiting for the learning part of the game to be over still.Which leads me to my third problem. The game is short(I have 13 hours in the game, but most of that is from me leaving teh game on). There's not a lot of content and the content that is there feels rushed. I kept waiting for more story, and more unfolding story lines. I passed through 2-3 ""boss"" battles before I realized that's what they were. With Bastion there was a scope to the story and game. I felt near the end, but for Transistor I was kind of caught off guard by it. The story just happened in front of me and I didn't even notice.With all that said, the game is still fun to play. It's as beautifully done as Bastion was in every aspect of the game, and I appaud SuperGiant for being able to pull off the game. I felt that concept of Bastion without feeling like its the same game. Its the same feeling I get when I play a good sequel.On a side note: there was some major bugs when the game first came out but most have been patched. If you experience freezing turn off the Steam Overlay. That helped for me."
76561197995348716,Recommended,237930,10246112,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,DJLowrider,"Don't go into this game expecting Bastion 2.  Do go into this game prepared to have any expectations you have exceeded and then some.  SuperGiant Games has done it again, melding compelling and riveting storytelling, stunning aesthetics and graphics, and a simply gorgeous soundtrack with one of the most engaging, interesting, and customizable combat systems I have ever had at my disposal.  Easily a contender for Indie GOTY, if not just overall GOTY.  If you're hesitating to get this game for any reason, don't hesitate a moment longer.  Get this game and enjoy.See you in The Country."
76561198026767158,Recommended,237930,10246540,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Scratch,"Art and games. Can't get enough of this concept being folding into my gaming. Transitor is noteworthy for it's subtle story and the style and art of the setting is engaing. Finding the right loadout is a bit of a chore due to the sheer variety of options. Once you find a solid loadout you the gameplay comes together. Losing an ability (circut) as a punishment fits well with the story and gameplay. Yeah, play this game and enjoy."
76561197971294768,Recommended,237930,10246662,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Roxy,The game is absolutely GORGEOUS.  Darren Korb does as great a job on audio design as he did on Bastion.  The gameplay allows for a lot of variety when in combat and scalable difficulty allows you to control the challenge.  My only real criticism is that the game is somewhat short.
76561197992890019,Recommended,237930,10246873,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Mustadio,More proof that video games can be art.
76561198038852493,Recommended,237930,10246969,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,lordlmao,A fun second outing from the Bastion crew. They prove once again that they enjoy mucking around with narrative and story telling convention but at the same time are able to offer up a pretty indepth combat system. All I can say is thank goodness for the time pause mechanic cause I'm too old and frail to work with this in real time.
76561198013489400,Recommended,237930,10247136,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Zerosa,This game is amazing. The visuals and music are worth the buy.  I highly recommend the soundtrack.  The ending is very satisfying also.
76561197999716438,Recommended,237930,10247182,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Nanners,"Absolutely stunning.Supergiant Games' follow up to Bastion is every bit as artistic in visuals and audio as it's older brother. Taking a step in a diffrent direction from Bastion, Transistor offers a Turn-Based but slightly more complicated combat system that still feels like an Action RPG. Those of you who dislike turn based gameplay can play without utilizing this aspect if desired.The difficulty is pretty reasonable and it can be ampped up if the player desires a challange. There are a few mechanics that encourage and indeed, force you to experiement with the customization that the combat can offer after a small introductionary segement.I feel the Story tells more than Bastion did but at the same time still leaves some things unexplained, offering the player to draw conclusions. Much like Bastion I encourage anyone who enjoys the Action RPG genre to play this game. Despite being a little indie title Supergiant Games proves they are worthy of such a moniker with the execellent game they have here."
,Recommended,237930,10247196,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Arachin,"Transistor is gorgeous. From the art style and setting, even down to the loading screen and main menu. Here is a labor of love... which is a shame since for all intents and purposes, this is Bastion 2.0The combat system got a nice rework, and the way you can combine abilities to define your own style is attractive at first, but if you're given a sandbox, you want an ample quantity of sand. Prior to NG+ there's a taste of freedom but too many limitations to really run with it.The story meets expectations, which were high, but doesn't exceed them. We're treading no new ground here.I enjoyed the experience, and yea, I'll probably go straight through and complete it again... but these guys found a nice formula and are stubbornly sticking to it. [7.0]"
,Recommended,237930,10247353,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,RandomBlue,Fun action and strategy combo with  good story line and good voice acting.
76561198008021467,Recommended,237930,10247399,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Dat Mit,kewl
76561198038929146,Recommended,237930,10247457,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,linkhawkins,Great game with a very unique combat system.
,Recommended,237930,10318596,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,[Lift+] Spaceman,Awesome humming simulator.10/Rucks.
76561198010045156,Recommended,237930,10319027,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Raggidyandy,Pick up this game if you give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about gaming as art.  For serious.
,Recommended,237930,10184323,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Joeydawg,"Fantastic game, great music story and artwork. The combat was fluid and interesting and the ending made me cry. Better than Bastion in my opinion, and I loved Bastion.Buy this game!"
,Recommended,237930,10184438,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Omni,"I highly recommend this game, just as good as Bastion, if not better. A true work of art!"
76561198027826559,Recommended,237930,10184441,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,shuttergnome,"Absolutely freakin' amazing, even though I spent the first half of the game floundering through the combat."
,Recommended,237930,10184635,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,SammuelMiranda,"Really great game, haven't finished yet (and i don't imagine it to be much big) but i can see why i waited so long for this game - all ""funcions"" (witch are basicaly the skills ons this game) merge with each other, adding effects o the main ""function"", and for every main one, a alternate is diferente for the combination, both if it's in passive, main ou upgrade mode.Really, you can spend hours on the acess pad combining stuff..."
76561198135786288,Recommended,237930,10184644,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,robarenaked,This game is absolutely amazing. Stunningly beautiful. Incredible soundttack.  And a crazy awesome fight set-up unlike anything I've ever played before. I haven't stopped playing from the moment I got it. Definitely worth the price. Can't wait to see what other amazing games these guys put out.
,Recommended,237930,10184734,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Lay_Xe Xephos,"3 hours into the game and this is my review:It is a very difficult game to play, just like it's predecessor, Bastion, and can be confusing at first as you are placed in a situation that makes players ponder what had just occurred to make this situation happen.But as you travel, you will realize how beautiful this game is: the soundtracks, the voices, the art work, the city, the combat, the playstyle, and much much more.I most of the time enjoyed the difficult combat, giving me hard times and times to even stop and think how to get past a sticky situation using the ""turn()"" ability. The challenges in this game also excites me as there are ways to make your playtrough much easier and masterful at each battle. This game, just like Bastion, is a great game.There are some parts that slightly frusterates me in this game which is the short random lags (but I will blame my computer for that since it isn't really a gaming computer), and sometimes, the ""jaunt()"" ability can't cut corners, but it's an opinion.Overall, this is a great game and if you can get past the difficult battles, you will really enjoy the story of this game as I have."
76561198030751955,Recommended,237930,10184751,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Pig Boss,A beautiful world with a very interesting style of combat that alternates between live action and a mode that lets you plan attacks and then execute them instantly. Wide variety of abilities. Would most certainly reccomend to anyone who has the money for it.
,Recommended,237930,10185028,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Ninjaxenomorph,"Man oh man. If you liked Bastion, you will probably like Transistor. Same team, same voice actor for the narrator, same music guy... The combat is much deeper and complex, and I hear its better on a gamepad rather than a keyboard. But, all in all, an experience I will remember."
,Recommended,237930,10185036,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Rana,"Combat is very engaging. The correct choice is not obvious most of the time. At first I felt it rewarded a smashing approach too much, but then I figured out that you can save your 'stop-time' bar for later, and that raised the skillcap on the game significantly. And there are a TON of ways to combine abilities. Better than Bastion.The story is good so far, though it's similar to Bastion in that you don't know anything about anything until the final 2% of the game.Music is great. Bastion-level.Logan Cunningham's performance is one for the ages. Truly superb.Overall, it is really about as good as I expected it to be. I'll play more tomorrow."
,Recommended,237930,10185037,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,NOPper,"If you were into Bastion, this is a good buy. Cyberpunk Bastion with a custom moveset and tons of options on how you want to fight. The turn based function is awesome. Interesting move for losing all of your health. It disables one of your moves until a few checkpoints after the fight. Keeps you thinking, and makes you use function combos you otherwise wouldn't.Cool narration as well, ala Bastion of course."
,Recommended,237930,10185054,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,NegusAlmighty,"Fantastic soundtrack, beautiful artwork, mesmerizing storyline and characters. I can't say I've ever played a game quite like it other than Dragon Age:2 but the combat in Transistor is fun and engaging. The Soundtrack is also perfect, voice acting superb and I honestly can't say anything bad about this game. Its a masterpiece to be quite honest."
,Recommended,237930,10185119,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Xenokite,"Great game the story really pulls you in the art is great and the music just puts it over the top. If you are a fan of Bastion then this is a game for you. I do think that the game would play smoother with an gamepad controller. It is still never much enjoyable with mouse and keyboard. Don't forget to pickup the DLC for this game the soundtrack is great!!! Awesome buy, highly recommended.."
,Recommended,237930,10185183,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Crooked_Cops,"This game is amazing, the fighting sequence is unique to me, and the art style perfectly matches the amazing musical score"
,Recommended,237930,10185217,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,GrimAngelKuro,"Nothing I wanted and more.I was a BIG fan of Bastion and when Super Giants announced Transistor I was more than excited, so you can only imagine my anticipation to play grew when the game became available on Steam.When I first started playing I found it to be very different from Bastion. Gone was the beat-em-up lifestyle I had when I played Bastion and now replaced by a sometiems slower and more strategic combat system. Where Bastion gave you weapon and skill combos Transistor is ALL skill. You set up your skills at various access points and you use them as you duck and dive from behind cover, being sure to make use of the games Turn function.Then there's the story line and characters. Transisto does something facinating here. A lot of the 'characters' you run into are actually your ingame skills and as you use their functions (HA!) you uncover more about said character and the world of Transistor. So Transistor gives you a completionist vs. necessity choice. Do you want to set that skill as something so you can learn more about that character or do you want to use that skill for it's combative use?Music? Done by the same guy who did the music from Bastion. Nuff said.Transistor? 9/10 (because perfection technically shouldn't exist. Though if it does, my money is on Super Giants)"
,Recommended,237930,10185496,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Esthetique,"Supergiant Games and Logan Cunningham went above and beyond once again with Transistor. I'm hard pressed to believe they could've made something better than Bastion, but they did. Combat is simple, intuitive and very engaging. Likewise, customizing your abilities creates great diversity as you make meaningful choices on what you want to bring into combat. As always, the story, environment and general ambience is fantastic.Now time will tell if their next game can live up to this."
,Recommended,237930,10185851,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Sgt. Grumbles,Incredible game strong on the visuals. Recommended to those who like great skill management and combat. The OST is beautiful too :)
,Recommended,237930,10186353,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Theflyingskunk,"Unique and awesome gameplay. The fighting can be customized just enough to fit most peoples play styles. Big fan of Bastion, and I'm loving this one too."
,Recommended,237930,10194229,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Techdragonsoul,"This is a really awesome game. While it follows the sort of linear quality of Bastion, the fight system is fresh and flexible, allowing you to take attacks and combine them, as well as being able to switch between free run and planning the attacks. The story is also very cool and pretty fluid, it puts your straight into the action, with very little in the way of loading screens. I have noted a tiny bit of slowdown because the game gets a little resource intensive and there isn't really a way to drop the quality (not that you'd really want to), but hoping that might be remedied by later updates. So far, crossing my fingers, it hasn't crashed.Also, should mention that the soundtrack is awesome, it's really soothing and at the same time very classy."
76561198002645680,Recommended,237930,10194309,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,that other guy,Love it.  Wonderful storytelling and art like Bastion.
,Recommended,237930,10194312,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,pathetic,"The few hours I've played have been fantastic.However, the crashes are very, very frequent, but Supergiant is already on patching it. Once that is fixed, this game will be down right perfect. 10/10"
,Recommended,237930,19386276,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Rincewind [GNU Pterry],"Brilliant, brilliant game.The start, was somewhat slow, but it picks up quicksmart.Love the turn() based gameplay, chaining together combos as you move through the world.Occasionally picking up hints of a deeper, darker world than the one you spawned in.After only 6.5hrs and only a single playthrough, I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,237930,19329668,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,sarinoa,"Finally I can have a true opinion of this game after all.I just have to say that you MUST buy it NOW. Why?Music: The OST is glorius, sometimes tender, melancolic, other times filled with action, but always the right track in the right moment.Gameplay: It is a strategic game really, if you want to leverage all the skills, you must know them all and get the best combination with your game mood. Sometimes I felt stress haha, but it just practice what you need.Story: I must said that the final is shocking, because is not predictable, that is what I like this game, everything in the story is interesting with good dialogues, and step by step you discover everything about the characters, the development about them is great.Art: This days the 3D development show us a lot of possibilities, but the combination with pictures in layers to permit movement, also show us the important thing about that a good illustrator can make us feel everything with just a 2D graphic. I love the art nouveau style with the combination of the elements of the technology, is amazing and very emotive. You will fall in love with Red.Good, indie and cheap game, totally recomended.PD: Don't forget to get all the message of the city, helps a lot to inmerse into the story. So, just reach all the centrals :P"
,Recommended,237930,19380619,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,sunt,Fun combat system and interesting game world made this a fun 8 hour run. Will play again in future.
76561198045841304,Not Recommended,237930,19381531,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,BK Big Fish,"The game is such a let down, picked it up on sale for the Steam Autumn sale and it was just so bland.I loved everything about Bastion, i knew this game wasn't a clone or anything but it basically threw everything that made bastion enjoyable out the door. You fight the same enemies over and over, the story is very poorly told to you, the narrator is bad in this game being inaudible. After nearly two hours i couldnt force myself to play it anymore, The game controls are clunky, its hard to tell when you're behind cover and half of the time Red will run out of cover for no reason. I love turn based strategic games, one of my favourite games of all time is Divinity: Original sin. But this game left a very sour taste in my mouth. I dont even understand why peolpe say the music is so amazing, its mediocre from what i've heard and even during the first boss fight the music was so annoying i wanted to mute my speakers.3/10+Innovative Combat+Good art style if you're into Cyberpunk stuff-Clunky Controls-Poorly told story-Narrator is hard to hear-Low enemy variation"
,Recommended,237930,19382785,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Chicken,"Amazing game.Pros:Great soundtrackCombat is fun, very customizableUnique visuals & artworkCons:Story is short, though there is new game +"
76561198094508956,Recommended,237930,30639505,Posted: 20 March,all,BonelessCoyote,Supergaintgames did it again 10/10 its a masterpiece.
76561198114312350,Recommended,237930,13923285,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Nips,10/10 Would bang the soundtrack
,Recommended,237930,19491182,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Dantheus,Good gameplay and visuals. Short and sweet.
76561197970903359,Recommended,237930,19485979,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Ravix,"A very good game blending light rpg with a form of strategic hack n slash. Great theme, great world and great narrative. The combat system is deep and enjoyable though could perhaps do with a better introduction to it early on. Good updgrade system, though I was really dilemma'd over the limiter system. As a supergiant game, its bound to be compared to Bastion, which it doesn't beat, but it is still a very good game and worth a look. Quite a few people are suggesting it was short, but I found the 8hrs to play from start to finish was just enough."
76561198262425979,Recommended,237930,19503500,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,kinyue,非常赞的RPG过关类游戏。剧情、画面以及游戏性都极高。本作的一大乐趣在于技能的组合。另外，战斗有两种模式，有合适技能的条件下，你既可以当战略游戏玩，也可以纯靠反应。
,Recommended,237930,10771417,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,FullMetalFraKC,"Really great game, to buy eyes closed"
76561198047691690,Recommended,237930,19519484,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,huffdogg,"This is one of the most beautiful games I have ever played.  The visuals are consistently atmospheric, nicely rendered, smooth, and stylish.  The game sucks you in with its moody, very abstract premise and the story unfolds nice and slow throughout a process of learning how to use newly learned abilities in different combinations.  One could easily just hack and slash one's way through admiring the sleek and challenging gameplay, or on the other end of the spectrum one could really get lost in the wonderful soundtrack, cunningly-wrought world of the game, and engaging storyline.  The combination of steampunk and cyberpunk aesthetics presents quite a fresh setting, and the gameplay reminds me of a much more clever incarnation of a Diablo 1/2.  This game was the best money I've ever spent on a Steam game, hands down."
76561197972320640,Recommended,237930,19515743,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Tzeentch,"Very pretty game. Interesting and fun mechanics. A lot of people in the reviews say the story is really touching and emotional, but the characters are not very well developed, so I didn't feel very attached to them. Also, maybe I got lucky with the skill build I used, but I felt like the game was too easy for the most part. Also felt very short, especially compared to Bastion."
,Recommended,237930,19517132,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,LeapSlash,"Fantastic Art and Music, fun combat system, interesting world/story, and gamepad support!  Not a long game, but I consider that a plus."
,Recommended,237930,19532147,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,TaNgent,Thank you Supergiant for making this game.
,Recommended,237930,19399533,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,GDragonLink,Very unique combat.A very capturing story.Played through the story on normal and hard.Was worth every penny.
,Recommended,237930,19399615,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,PICKLE RIIICK!,A work of art. Magnificent game. Great unique gameplay.
,Recommended,237930,19398188,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Kektklik,"Thought this was better than Bastion.Not much else to say, and that's a good thing.Pros: everything besides the predictability.Cons: Somewhat obvious ending after Asher/Grant confrontation."
,Recommended,237930,19448757,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,machinecloud,Super cool game. Just finished it. I actually really liked the combat system. The atmosphere is the best part of the game though for sure. The world. The story. Great. Super dee duper. Definitely recommend.
76561198101880648,Recommended,237930,19431211,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,theskyisbluea,"Not completely finished with the game, but I just absolutely love it.It's really fun, and I wasn't expecting to fall heads over heels.Art is 10/10.Story is super awesome.No regrets."
76561198042257937,Recommended,237930,10239368,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,ShoopufSenpai,"Once upon a time, there was a city in the clouds where gods and people lived in harmony. There were gods of justice, gods of strength, gods to inspire the masses, and gods who changed the color of the sky itself. The people worshiped their gods, showering them in praise, and the gods responded in kind, granting the requests of their beloved citizens. But none was more beloved than the goddess with hair of red. She was a goddess of song and it was said her voice awakened something beautiful within everyone who listened, god and mortal, alike. However, none loved her more than one man in particular and the goddess loved him, as well.Yet, despite the peace and prosperity of the city in the clouds, there were those who did not celebrate. Among the pantheon, four gods grew tired of the ever changing whims of the people. They convinced themselves that with enough power, they could make a perfect version of the city. A city that would never have need to change. A city they would control.So it was, that the four gods forged a weapon of ultimate power. With it, they began to trick their fellow gods, one after another, sealing their power within the weapon so that their own strength might grow. As their plans came to fruition and their power grew, they began, in secret, to raise a demon army, that would help them secure the city of perfection for which they lusted.Before long, the four came for the goddess with hair of red. Brandishing their terrible weapon, they stole from the goddess her beautiful voice. However, the four did not know of the man whom the goddess loved, and before they could seal her away in truth, her love stepped between them, taking the fatal wound that was meant for his beloved.With their plans foiled, the four fled, but the damage was already done. The goddess with hair of red had lost her voice, and her love had become another victim of the terrible weapon, his soul sealed within. Even worse, with their great power lost to them, the four gods who had conspired against the city could no longer control the demon army. With no master to guide them, the demons besieged the city, destroying its many wonders and citizens, alike.The goddess knew that only with the power of the weapon could anything be done to save the city and bring back what was. With a heavy heart, she pulled the weapon free of the man she loved. A voice spoke to her.“Hey Red, we're not gonna get away with this, are we?”--This message brought to you by Junction Jan's! Try the Sea Monster!"
76561197997008069,Recommended,237930,10239822,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,[LRR]Steve,"A wondeful combination of 2D Isometric art style with an emotive sound track. It's a game that a great experience to have. Unlike some other ""art games"", it also have really good gameplay. Almost similar to Bastion, it has action slashy-smashy gameplay, but also the unqiue mechanic of ""Planning"".Pause time an plan your next moves. Movement on the battlefield and executing abilities eats up alloted ""Turn Time"". You can undo any actions and replan at any point during the pause. When you're happy, execute your plan. The whole world will mostly wait as you stab and wreck at hyper speeds. After, simply wait for your ""Turn Bar"" to recharge before ""Plan""ning again.The narrative is around you. The exposition isn't heavily in your face. It's drip fed to your nicely through the environment. If you want to know more about the personalities of the world, you can read an expanding biography of them. But it's not crucial. You can get a statisfactory story experience playing through.This game is heavier on the RPG than Bastion was. You can switch in and out abilities in up to 4 ability slots. Other abilities can be attuned as ""Passives"" that affect one of your skills (kinda like Runes in Diablo 3 or World of Warcraft) or as a Passive for yourself (More damage. Chance when you enter Planning Mode to Transcend gaining the ability to deal heavy AOE damage or taking less damage passively. Each Active ability has a maximum of 2 Passive slots. You also have a limited about of ""Memory"" that caps how many skills you can equip at once. Levelling up gives you access to more Abilities and choosing if you want to increase your Memory's capacity or unlocking more Passive slots.If you enjoyed Bastion, you will enjoy this game.If you haven't played Bastion, but enjoyed playing Dragon Age 1, you will probably enjoy the game. I felt the Planning Mode was similar to pausing during Dragon Age 1. It lets you review the battlefield at your own pace and strategically plan your moves. Later on in the game, it benefits you to enter planning mode at the right time, as opposed to entering it when ever it's off cooldown.Otherwise, maybe watch some lets plays to decide if it's the game for you.Some people have said it was a short game. I think it was just the right length. It finished when I was happy for it to finish.Personally, I haven't played a game that affected me in the same way since Mass Effect 3 (ignoring the ME3 ending controversy)."
76561198012068529,Recommended,237930,10239944,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Sanguine Fox,YES.
,Recommended,237930,10240151,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,FoxxSake,"Another masterpiece by Supergiant.Darren Korb may have just created the best soundtrack to any game. Add to that one of the best combat mechanics I've experienced in a long time, and the incredible visuals and story, and you've got what can only be described as a perfect game."
,Recommended,237930,10303996,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Luparax,"After playing Bastion I simply had to take a look at Transistor and let me tell you: I am not disappointed.The story starts off quite confusing but bits and pieces of story are scattered around the game world and add up to a disturbing picture of a dystopia where no one is ever really free. As with Bastion, Transistor's story takes some twists and turns, though not as much as Bastion's.The combat system was something completely new for me, mixing real-time and round-based gameplay elements to something extremely fun to play around with. With a controller at hand walking around and/or fighting feels smooth and quick. Effects are well animated and smashing enemies to pieces with a well placed PFUMPSHSHSHSH is very very satisfying. Level progression and combat both is well balanced and fun.With the sound design it was a little different. While the effects and environmental sounds feel a little sterile - which seems to be intented so the music is in sync with the game world - the real beauty lies in the rich background music and songs. If you have the time, stop and listen for a moment. Also (Warning: small spoiler ahead) the main character is able to humm songs of which many are a reward to certain challenges. Again, worth listening to if you want to take the time.As I stated above, the effects are well animated and the rest of the graphics feel just right for this type of game. I like the design as well as the sounds design for the main character and her ""companion"". Was a little different to what I am used to in games these days, maybe because I haven't played adventure games in a while. Having said that, Transistor is as much of an Adventure game, as it is an action game, an rpg or a strategy game. Supergiantgames tried hard to make this game stick out from the crowd and I believe they have achieved that.If you are looking for a fazit:Worth spending money on. Hours of gameplay, an intricate story, different yet fun gameplay, sounds design really worth mentioning and art-like graphics.P.S.: If you haven't played Bastion yet, you should do that now."
,Recommended,237930,10304781,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Meng,"I really enjoyed my first playthrough of this game.  I'm considering continuing since you can start over with your same level and functions, and the AI will be tougher as well.  There are some abilities and story I have yet to unlock.  The battle strategy and execution is sublime, and the art and music is phenomenal, of course.  I normally don't go for a lot of optional post-story challenges unless the game mechanics are something special, and the ""Backdoor"" challenges were some of my favorite parts of the game.  The game has a lot of mystery and emotion, which I also really enjoyed.  Highly recommended."
76561198025199915,Recommended,237930,10184312,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Specialbunny23,"Another job well done from Supergiant games! I love the gameplay, and the story is wonderful. Play this, you won't regret it."
,Recommended,237930,10304808,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,McGanjaman,"All aboard the feels train, next stop Feelstown, USA."
,Recommended,237930,10304830,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Doc Aerys,"Lot's of fun, engaging story. Highly recomended, especially if you've enjoyed games like Bastion"
76561197993424400,Recommended,237930,10305116,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,urthebestcat,"great game, tons of depth and thoughtfulness. Lots of interesting customization of abiilities. fantastic soundtrack. Excellent addition to Supergiant's small but impressive portfolio of games."
76561197975132838,Recommended,237930,10305302,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,NeoEdo,"If you haven't played Transistor yet; you're missing out on an amazing game.As it was with Bastion, Supergiant Games has created another masterpiece!Not too long, not too short. You decide the difficulty. Great story and game mechanics.In the end I felt truly satisfied with my play through."
,Recommended,237930,10305390,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Rogue Scientist,"Fun, and beautiful, and haunting."
,Recommended,237930,10306137,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Doddsy,why are you reading this? you should be playing Transistor!!!!
,Recommended,237930,10307981,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Realmwalker,"Excellent presentation, art direction and music.  The battle system is novel, has a considerable level of depth, and never outstays its welcome.A bit short, but absolutely worth the price of admission.  Especially if it goes on sale for cheap like Bastion did."
76561198045153966,Recommended,237930,10308046,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,LoDuris,Amazing game that is well worth the money. It's a creative and interesting RPG with a unique and fun battle system that mixes hack and slash with turn-based combat. The visuals are stunning. The music is phenominal. The story is well written that encourages exploration of the world. The one down side to the game is a lot fo the story can be missed if you don't explore and examine everything which can be tedious for some but it was something I enjoyed.
,Recommended,237930,10308132,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Asrodrig,"This game is great! The art style and music are beatiful, and the RPG elements are handled in a way I have never seen before. I definitely recommend this game"
76561198048785969,Recommended,237930,10308290,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,NinjaToad,Play it. That is all.
76561198064247868,Recommended,237930,10308479,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Ravensnipe,"Smooth gameplay with a wide variety of ways to fight your battles with, a unique artistic style and a story that unfolds while you play, Transistor is fantastic, not just as a game, but as an experience. To top it all off, the soundtrack does a fantastic job of setting the tone for the different parts of the story. 10 out of 10 if you ask me."
76561198090660324,Recommended,237930,10308525,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,asce,"Excellent game! So far i cant complain about a thing, it gets a thumbs up in all areas and that soundtrack is moody and awsome. Its a light learning curve to figure out the combat system, then you'll be pretty much stomping everything. I totally recommend this as a must play, also try Bastion too"
76561198026734269,Recommended,237930,10308841,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,mrrandom777,"An absolutley fantastic peice of visual art, sound, and gameplay. So fun and crazy that I was infatuated with it from the start."
76561198039470520,Recommended,237930,10310646,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Inquisitor Augen,"I was expecting Bastion, with a cyberpunk overlay and some gameplay tweaks.  I would have been delighted with that.  The combination of the Supergiant Games visual style with Darren Korb's music will get me every time, by itself.I found out in the first five minutes that this wasn't Bastion.  I was upset.  The controls felt clunky, not like the action I was used to.  The responses felt slow.  But the story gave me as much in the first five minutes as Bastion did, and that was enough.  I decided to stick it out, because the music got me, and the story, and the visuals.And I am so glad I did.Gameplay-wise, Transistor is actually not an action game as much as it is a uniquely-styled strategy game.  I thought the Turn() function was a gimmick, a ""bullet time"" for tight moments, but it's actually the way to play the game, to make it flow.  I had a moment, ten minutes in when I realized this, and that's when everything clicked together.I'm taking a break to write this review.  I haven't finished my first playthrough yet.  I'm looking forward to the reveals that I know are coming.  The twists have been straightforward, yes, but well-executed, and I'll take a wonderfully done formulaic story over a bumbled unique one, sometimes.This has been a wonderful game experience so far.  Supergiant, I'm along for the long haul with you guys.  Just keep bringing Darren Korb along for the ride, okay?  His music just completes everything.  Thanks for integrating the music, visuals, and story so well.Now if you'll excuse me, I have a game to finish."
76561198008466385,Recommended,237930,10296246,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,TV's Russ,"Easily one of the best $20 I have ever spent on a game.  Graphics were amazing, the ability to swap skills and customize them, and even the choice to make the game harder on yourself were all seamlessly delivered into an excellent masterpiece of a game.  Easily EASILY reccomended."
,Recommended,237930,10296290,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Alan Jefferson,"beautiful game, but short. fans of bastion will be delightfully surprised"
,Recommended,237930,10297439,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,ba de ya dancin in septemba,BUY THIS GAME RIGHT NOW- JESUS
,Recommended,237930,10297690,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Kaye-,"More than just a good game, Transistor's social commentary is very apt for this generation."
76561198019973616,Recommended,237930,10298472,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,samprimrose,Just. Awesome.
,Recommended,237930,10299454,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,The Goddamn Batman,"Short but enjoyable game. Pretty much everything you love about Bastion is here: great storytelling, music, and art style. The combat is an interesting combination of real time and turn-based with a fair amount of variety. Each new ability you get can be equipped as either an active attack, a modifier to another attack, or a passive ability. The game provides a practice room where you can try out whatever combination of abilities you like before using it in the real game. All in all, I found it to be a fun experience. Fair warning, though: when I say ""short"" I mean extremely short. About 5-6 hours is more than enough to go through the game and, other than 1 more playthrough on the new game+, there's not much replay value."
,Recommended,237930,10299551,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,MischievousBadger,"I just finished this game mere minutes ago and... just.... WOW.First off all this game is not for every one. If you are expecting a flashy and chaotic beat em up you will be disappointed. The  selling point of the game is it`s superb atmosphere, spot on writing and just wanting to discover what this world is. Not to say that the gameplay is boring. The combat can be quite indepth or lose depending on how you want to play it. And then the music... Rarley have i heard souch well composed, well placed soundtrack in a video game. I had to check if Trent Reznor wasn't involved in this. My only regret in this game is not playing it in one sitting.10/10 Best Indie game i have ever played, and well worth your money."
76561197974572692,Recommended,237930,10299590,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,¾Loss {PerOxide-Cat Tec},"Wow, this has quickly become one of my top 10 favorite games of all time. Great concept and fun to play!"
76561197997598053,Recommended,237930,10299772,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Wolfwent,"After playing this game (and finishing it) after 11 hours I can totally recommend this game.The graphics are simple but pretty and artistic. The atmosphere is caught perfectly by it and the accompanying music. The storytelling is very similar to Bastion. The STORY is what this game is about and I loved every second of it. You get hints, clues of what happened, but the ""Why?"" remains open to anyone's guess...and thus you go looking for the answer.So....yeah, go now, look at it yourself, look for the answers...see what this is all about...when you finish it, you'll see the end of it."
,Recommended,237930,10299869,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,BinaryCat,"Like Bastion, this game has an amazingly good storyline told through a single voice. Gameplay is minimalistic, but combat is complex and gives a huge amount of variety while remaining intuitive and easy to learn. The art and music are beautiful. I haven't finished it yet, but it's already been well worth it."
76561198029175713,Recommended,237930,10301037,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,MediShy 10k,"Don't play this game if you expect a sequel to Bastion. Don't play this game if you're looking for a story that takes days to complete.Play this game if you want to try out one of the most in-depth loadout systems I've seen in a long time. Play this game for the amazing visuals. Play this game for a story that tells what it wants to tell without (much) padding. Seriously, just play this game, it's gorgeous."
,Recommended,237930,10301122,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Paulie Meatballs,"This game is entirely worth your money. The game is innovative, smart, fantastic art design, 10/10 soundtrack, etc. It's perfect in pretty much every area, but it is ultimately a disappointment. I beat the game in 5 hours and the final boss was an incredible letdown. Not to mention, so many questions remain unanswered. I don't regret the purchase because Supergiant deserves your money for actually trying something new and putting noticeable passion into their games, but temper your expectations a bit."
76561197970646887,Recommended,237930,10210985,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Rubén,"Impressive, a must-have.UPDATE: after 4 hours I'd wish this game could never end. It's just incredible, one of the best I've ever played."
,Recommended,237930,10301443,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,TheGoldSoul,"10/10, one of the best experiences ive had while playing a video game, this game is so beautifuly crafted and the story just kept he on the edge of my seat, no other game has made me feel like i was going to cry before."
76561197970672199,Recommended,237930,10301557,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,choriarty,"Beautiful art, soundtrack, and story. The gameplay is strategic and action packed at the same time. Different from Bastion, yet it holds a kind of nostalgic aftertaste."
,Recommended,237930,10301948,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,y4rn,"This game has some of the best and most unique feeling combat mechanics of any game that I've played in the last couple of years.  The skill configuration system is amazing.  I changed my build multiple times throughout the game and never felt like I couldn't make a particular skill configuration work the way I wanted.  I love that a lot of the game's backstory is unlocked by configuring skills in different slots (passive, active, modifier), because it actually made me try out different builds; some of which I liked more than my original builds.  The fact that the story is also interesting and the music and artwork are both beautiful is just icing on the cake."
,Recommended,237930,10296171,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Beef Turnmail,Redhead musician fights robots with a talking Moonlight Greatsword10/10 would cry again
76561197973050901,Recommended,237930,10302138,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Raindown,"beautiful, mysterious, engaging.  I really enjoyed and the ending leaves you wanting MORE!  What happened to RED?!"
76561198048216680,Recommended,237930,10302392,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,drjamesrummel,"Two games that everyone should play are Bastion and Transistor. The skill of the artists at Supergiant Games involved on every level, from story to music to visual design, is astounding. I have been a gamer for over 25 years, and it is rare to find a ""new"" experience in the industry. Supergiant delivers that ""newness"" in both games. Spend the $20 and buy these two. Best game money spent."
,Recommended,237930,10341818,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Thee Revolver,"Absolutely beautiful narrative. Fun, challenging gameplay that's fast paced enough to get my attention and challenging enough to keep it."
76561198037581159,Recommended,237930,10343062,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Myth Weaver,"Those who brought to us this magnificent masterpiece that is Bastion fails in one thing, disappointing us. A game that only learned from it predecessor, Transistor is beautiful, immersive and brings quite the unique fighting system to the table. A gorgeous soundtrack completes the picture for a truely precious gem of a game.Let's talk about the fighting system, shall we? Remember I said it was unique? A really savant mix of real-time action with a Turn-mode, allowing entering into a turn-based style game for a short period of time allowing for a precise, calculated burst of action. While you fight multiple enemies with your wide array of skills; all of them having active effects, synergies effect when combined with other skills, and passive effects; you must face puzzles and priorities of elemination for a truely memorable gameplay, with challenging boss battles.Help Red find her voice as she wields Transistor, her quite talkative and only friend, her trusty USB-style sword, in this linear, but gorgeous game. Will you conquer, against the enormous adversity, in this electronic world with a feel of apocalyps?If you loved Bastion, Transistor is for you."
,Recommended,237930,10343365,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,not seth rollins ッ,A transcendent experience.
76561198099272400,Recommended,237930,10343493,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,trrz1,"If you are thinking about buying this game, do it.But I have to be honest, it is not perfect.This is a good game, but it's held back by its pretentiousness. Constant whispering of the sword is tiring, final boss speaks in a v.e.r.y s.l.o.w w.h.i.s.p.e.r. as well, and the whole plot is explained poorly.Are we in a real world or in a virtual reality? If very much feels lake the latter, so it is hard for me to feel anything about the characters.The final fight is so poorly justified, that itruins the whole experience...The game is being saved by stunning visuals and the combat system. However, there is nothing else to this game. There was a hint towards time puzzles in the beginning, but they are not in this game, even the sword says ""let's pretend that never happened"".I hope that DLC or the second chapter take every mistake into consideration and become a perfect game, which Transistor is not, even while coming quite close to the title."
76561198060237602,Recommended,237930,10345736,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Arjun Senpai,"Loved the concept of the game, and the art styles of the game, and LOVED the soundtracks.One downside is that it isn't as long as I'd have liked it to be. But it is a fantastic game."
76561198112957180,Recommended,237930,10345909,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,JoyBoy [Fanboy],"10/10 Game. I FREAKIN LOVED THIS GAME. I mean i sat down for about an hour going alright this is gettin me interested then 4.8 hrs later Finished the game and was craving more, This game will keep you interested no matter how you look at it. And you can choose your own kind of difficulity within the game. If there ever comes another game from these creators i will buy it on the spot."
,Recommended,237930,10348247,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Mr EpiX,"Wow, simply wow. I expected it to be as good as Bastion but I think I liked it even more. I played from start to finish without leaving the computer once, and every second of it was amazing.The combat system is interesting and rewarding and the story is deep and hooks you from the start, I definitely recommend it!"
76561198056577717,Recommended,237930,10349250,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,FredricChopin,yeah.  It was pretty good.
76561198063515349,Recommended,237930,10326406,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,"ionexx - a noob, deal with it","Astonishing Graphic, Sounds, and Storyand lets not forget the gameplayits unique, its creative, and its not your usual button mashing mindless gamenevertheless, this game offers a game that's definitely out of what nowaday generic games offersone downside though, the actual game time is kinda short, even after replaying a newgame+"
,Recommended,237930,10326921,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Saigon(2),Supergiant Games. Supergiants. Games.
76561198009732307,Recommended,237930,10327727,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,I'mNotaCreativePerson,-Great soundtrack-Beautiful visuals-Challenging combat-Interesting worldIf only it wasn't so short
76561198113395465,Recommended,237930,10328969,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Nul The Incredible,"This game was perfect... except for the ending. The art and atmosphere was beautiful. The game system was interesting and well-paced. They did some interesting character building throughout the game. The villains subverted my expectations, but were completely appropriate. But the ending yanked me out of my suspension of disbelief. I didn't mind the transhumanist vibe I got from the whole game, but the ending distinctly struck me as a writer who was trying to be ""deep"" without the depth, personal experience, or writing chops to actually pull it off.The game is worth playing, but after the final boss, just make up your own ending. The game's ending is a flop."
,Recommended,237930,10329436,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,TheAdder,"Absolutely love this game as I did it's predecessor Bastion, great story, great game mechanics, awesome music and beautiful visuals."
,Recommended,237930,10329525,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Jake,"Loved the soundtrack and gameplay design. Really hoping for larger-scale endeavors by these guys, as I've gorged myself on both this release and their previous one, Bastion. Bonus points for the programming-related themes present in the combat, upgrades, and storyline."
,Recommended,237930,10329682,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Devil's Advocate,"If you liked Bastion you'll like this game.  If you didn't like Bastion you probably wont enjoy the game very much.If you've never played Bastion you can think of this game as an Isometric (Read: Top-down view at an angle) action-adventure game where you acquire abilities to use while alternating between real-time and turn-based combat.  These abilities can be combined with one another to create new hybrids of abilities which extends the life of the game's combat system dramatically.  The story is told as you explore with a handful of minimalist cutscenes thrown in which showcase the 2d art style.  Understanding the story requires the player to pay careful attention to dialogue and explore the environments for context.The game is about 6 hours long and may be repeated in New Game+ (Recursion Mode) to continue acquiring abilities and attempt more difficult combat challenges.  A repeated playthrough is also recommended to see the story through again with the context given to you by the initial playthrough.  This is the kind of game they have long articles written dedicated to piecing together what was really going on in the game's story, without being the kind of game that you'll find yourself completely confused by if you choose not to engage in the larger conversation happening around the game's opening and ending.$20 is a steal.  If you're into Indie titles, Bastion, or want to explore what indie titles have to offer to the video games market this isn't a bad place to start."
,Recommended,237930,10330385,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,I'm A Simple Man,If you are a patron of the arts. You're gonna love this game. The game is absolutely stunning with it's design direction and story. It also has a huge amount of replayablity.
,Recommended,237930,10330559,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Blazur,"A great game is one you never want to end. Transistor is short but sweet and enjoyable on so many levels. From it's colorful art design to it's charming music and original game play, this is one that's certain to leave a lasting impression. I cannot recommend Transistor enough. And for the records this was the first game on the PC which I felt motivated enough to unlock 100% achievements for."
,Recommended,237930,10331222,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,[DGD] Slice of Pumpkin Pie,"it is just as beautiful as Bastion, with a different take on game mechanics but still familiar to those who have played Bastion. I recommend it simply because of the excellent art and for the love of simplistic games"
76561198057658879,Recommended,237930,10333592,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Drakojana,"Transistor is one of the most beautiful games I have ever played, and I recommend it to everyone!The soundtrack is so gorgeous, you will all in love with Red's voice. The artworks in-game and well done, the graphics are just stunning sometimes. The gameplay is also a big plus for the game! The Turn() system is much helpful, especially against many and/or tough enemies. You can also combine your moves and improve them, so your character will be unstoppable!But enough of that, you should play Transistor for every single reason. Including the mysterious plot with shadowy characters, that you get to know the further you reach."
,Recommended,237930,10467610,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Disaster Master,Shorter plot than Bastion but engaging and original combat setup. Highly customizable too. Really fun and the art is pretty AND THE ENDING RIPPED MY HEART OUT SUPERGIANT GAMES KEEPS DOING THIS TO ME I CAN'T FUNCTION IT'S SO SAD BUT SO GOOD IT KILLED ME A V E N G E  M E
76561198018228801,Recommended,237930,10470440,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Hakumei,"Let's start with what's wrong with this game (imo) :_Too short. I finished the game in 10 hours non-rushing._Story/background is therefore too blurry._It looks like they've put all their chance in the new game +I'd still recommend this game though. It's still a very good game, just like it's big brother Bastion. Good graphics, good sound, good gameplay (warning ! this is tactical-RPG, not action-RPG). And one good thing I like with the end :Red kills herself. I'm not a sadist, but I'm sick of deus-ex-machinas and happy end after a sad story. It enhances the consistency, and that can't be a bad point imo."
76561198038058805,Recommended,237930,10470632,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,ChibiMik3,"Thrown into a beautiful world that you know nothing about and the first thing you see is a ""dead"" man with a swordlike weapon, which seems to know you, stuck on his chest.Once again you have million questions and on your way to find answers to them you are confronted by countless waves of ""Process"".The main protagonist ""Red"" has lost her voice and Logan Cunnigham narrates the game as her swordlike weapon ""Transistor"".Story is mostly told by the ""Transistor"" and the antagonists but you will get more info about the city through OVC Terminals and it's citizens by inspecting Functions.Game is a Sci-fi Action-RPG in which you battle the enemies either in or outside Turn(). It also has a leveling system which lets you choose from different Functions, Limiters and Passive slots or MEM to use Functions, each time you level up.Turn() is a system that will freeze all the enemies and gives you a chance to plan out your next couple moves. Each function (which skills are called) will use a certain amount of Turnpoints (amount will change with some Function combinations and you may extend the overall amount by placing a Function as passive) and after all of them are spent you may activate your Turn() and watch as you rip your enemies apart with different combinations of Functions. When Turn() is on cooldown you may only use Jaunt() or Functions that are upgraded with Jaunt() and because of this and the difficulty of the enemies, fighting outside Turn() is hard and risky and I recommend you to just evade with Jaunt() untill Turn() is usable again. There are also enemies that will stop you from using Turn() which will become lethal especially on your second playthrough.Functions act a vital part in this game since you cannot attack without them and when your health reaches 0 one of your active Functions will overload and save your life. Overloaded functions can be recovered by accessing new Access Points(save points). Losing all your active Funtions will lead to a game over. There are 16 different Functions in total and each of them are ""voices"" of the former citizens of Cloudbank. Each Function may play its role in Active, Upgrade or Passive slots with varying effects. By combining Functions you can create 3360 (or 3840 on your second playthrough) different active Functions. The amount of different skillsets with 4 Active slots, which have 2 Upgrade slots each, and 4 Passive slots is just insane. So you will find yourself changing your skillset after each encounter and experimenting for the combination that suits your playstyle the most. Game also encourages you to try out different combinations by giving you info about the citizens when you have played through an encounter with the Function in a different slot. And to get all the achievements you must play with every Function and try out their Active, Upgrade and Passive effects.There are Limiters which give you different handicaps and award you in EXP if you survive the encounter with Process. It has a system similiar to that of the Function that gives you info about the varying types of Process. There's also an achievement if you survive 5 encounters with all the Limiters on which makes each battle a struggle for life. Be prepared to lose atleast one active per encounter when you're trying to get this achievement. There are also 4 levels of each Process type and when you play the game for a second time the enemies levels won't reset and you will encounter even the endgame Process from the very start.There's also a secret room that you may access from different locations throughout the game after the first boss battle. It has multiple doors with different challenges varying from speedbattles to fighting a copy of yourself with all your Functions. For each victory you are awarded with a piece of the games soundtrack that you may play at the central hub of the secret room.After 13.7 hours of gameplay and starting my 3rd playthrough I have still not found the final version of the Process which should be Level 4 and I'm missing few duplicate Functions even though I'm level 28. So yeah.. There's still stuff to do.I though that the game would get boring in the second playthrough since normally it would mean that you get to fight the normal starting enemies with overpovered skills but was happily suprised since the game was still getting harder even though I had full MEM and slots.Turn() system is unique and amazing since I have always loved the combination of action and strategy.Artwork is similiar to their earlier work, Bastion, but this time in sci-fi setting and the music is amazing and fits the theme very well.I'll also applaud Supergiant Games since they were able to make the final boss (both battle and the character) very interesting and after the varying types of Process (even boss versions) the final boss will be something totally different.Conclusion:Is playing through a linear game with beautiful graphics and awesome music while slashing through endless waves of Process and fighting epic boss battles worth 19€?Most certainly! 5/5But it is only my opinion."
,Recommended,237930,10472953,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Grifous91,"Have you played Bastion? No? Then go play Bastion. Then get Transistor. If you enjoyed Bastion (which you should), you'll love Transistor.The game play is phenomenal. The hybrid turn-based combat is super fun, and makes for a perfect balance of challenge and fun. The powers system is also really well done, and actively encourages you to experiment. Whether it's to find out more information about the characters in the game, or because you're forced to after ""dying"", you will want to try out every combination you can with all the abilities you get.And the music... oh man that music. Darren Korb returns from Bastion, and knocks it out of the park again with Transistor.tl;dr: It's an excellent game, just try it. It looks amazing, it sounds amazing, and it plays amazing. And it's only $20! Although trust me, you'll want to spend the extra $10 for the soundtrack."
76561197973952918,Recommended,237930,10194735,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,blu_light16,"A rather sophisticated indie game, Transistor appeals to a mature crowd with its cyberpunk setting, artsy storytelling style, and stunning art direction and music. The gameplay has a Diablo-style overhead presentation, but offers the ability to pause combat and input commands, adding a layer of strategic depth to the experience. A clearer story and more gameplay variety would have been welcome, but Transistor's strong aesthetic carries the game nicely regardless.(Rating: 8/10 “Very Good”)"
76561198046870254,Recommended,237930,10521565,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,lonec4t,Such a great soundtrack
76561198074524907,Recommended,237930,10521796,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,rustedmg42,"Просто, стильно, умно и красиво - первое, что можно сказать о Transistor. О потрясающей драматичности сюжета вы узнаете потом ;)"
76561198014930163,Recommended,237930,10540934,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,The EverWatcher,"http://spoiler-warning.tumblr.com/post/88884025948/transistorConclusion?All in all, I found it challenging, sometimes to the point of frustration - but I genuinely loved it! The story was intriguing, compelling, emotionally enthralling and thought-provoking. And any other synonym you can think of that made me play this obsessively as soon as it was downloaded to my steam!"
,Recommended,237930,10541797,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Oblivi8,"Love this game from the creators of Bastion! The story is interesting and the gameplay can change dramatically depending on your chosen build, which you can change anytime. As per usual the music is amazing (after I finish the game I'll buy it. It ties into a lot of the storyline so I'd wait till after you finish the game before.)TL;DR: Awesome and unique game with and entrancing and opaque storyline, buy it."
,Recommended,237930,10543315,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Mousecop,"This game is great.  Great visuals, great story, innovative gameplay, just overall fantastic"
,Recommended,237930,10544333,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,jonbjohns,"Have you played Bastion? Get this! It is not that game all over again, but with enough familiarity and differences to keep you engaged for the entire game. I LOVE THIS GAME!"
,Recommended,237930,10533295,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Sjako,Playing this right now. It's nice. Like the visuals^^
,Recommended,237930,10533741,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Gallant,"Gorgeous art, beautiful music. I wish it were longer!"
,Recommended,237930,10534439,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Twyst,a beautifully atmospheric game with great combat
,Recommended,237930,10538966,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Azujax,Stunningly beautiful in every regard.
,Recommended,237930,10538973,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Trim,"Awesome game, well written story with intresting game fighting mechanics, can get repatative once you find a fighting pattern that works but other than that good game"
,Recommended,237930,10539152,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Lick Deez,So pwetty. Starts off easy but those limiters make things serious should you choose to use them
,Recommended,237930,10546554,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Winterblink,"Such a great game. If you liked Bastion, or like games with great art, music, and unique gameplay this is definitley one to try out. The combat system is probably the biggest surprise, with an amazingly flexible system of abilities and combos.Do yourself a favor and pick up the version that comes with the soundtrack."
,Recommended,237930,10546887,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Shiva Kanou,Gostou de Bastion? Jogue Transistor.Eta jogo lindo e baum!
,Recommended,237930,10546912,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Nereruo,"While this game may seem short, the level of customization, along with the atmosphere and story make it a must buy."
76561198079102794,Recommended,237930,10241818,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,murmures,Just Beautiful10/10
76561198026852977,Recommended,237930,10242639,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Omnomlettez,"Gorgeous soundtrack and visuals, amazing story, and the most fun I've had with combat mechanics in a really long time."
,Recommended,237930,10242925,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Darkwulf,A dark and fatalistic game dealing heavily with loss and entropy.. Regardless it was fantastic and I played through the entire thing in one sitting.
76561197971074421,Recommended,237930,10243082,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,diediedieorama,"The game is good, but it didn't grip me like Bastion did. It's very very short, even without rushing. The art and music are amazing, but the narration and story are too abstracted, to the point that it loses all potency. I was expecting more to be honest. Either way, it's fun while it lasts, but it feels a bit empty overall."
,Recommended,237930,10243104,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,TiraelSedai,"10\10.The same best things of Supergiant Games, but with better gameplay."
76561197992359720,Recommended,237930,10243192,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Kinalis,"Great Music, Cool gameplay. Not as replayable as Bastion, but still worth round 2. Can't recommend this game enough."
,Recommended,237930,10243310,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,PsychoRed,"Fantastic game so far, havent beat it yet. Art style is amazing, soundtrack is amazing, combat is different but very very fun, and the story is extremely interesting so far. Another awesome job from the people who made Bastion."
,Recommended,237930,10243679,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Wormbrain,"This game is a great experience. The art, music and gameplay are all amazing. The interesting function system keeps it fresh in spite of the somewhat repetitive enemies and battles."
,Recommended,237930,10243782,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,yukeae,Is it any good?YesBetter than Bastion?Not sure.Worth playing?Most definitely.
76561198065415415,Recommended,237930,10244052,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Riez,"Short but fun game, may not appeal to some because of linear gameplay.  Game mechanics are imbalanced for certain abilities."
,Recommended,237930,10244367,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,zwanglos,"The game is enjoyable, and the soundtrack is great. Been listening to it all week.However, when thinking about Transistor you have to inevitably stack it up against Supergiant's first game, Bastion, and see how it is. Bastion set the bar pretty high, but unfortunately I feel that Transistor didn't surpass that bar in any way, except for maybe the graphics. It met the bar in many ways: storytelling, characters, combat mechanics; but failed to reach those heights in others: story (especially its conclusion), overall difficulty, worldbuilding.(Yes, I think the storytelling was good, but the the story conclusion just kind of left you wanting more - a LOT more - after it wrapped up.)However, I think the game is pretty enjoyable, and I had fun going through the 2 playthroughs of the short campaign needed to unclock all the achievements. It just doesn't feel like it had the same major impact that Bastion had."
76561198015361683,Recommended,237930,10244372,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,EvilTwin,Freaking awesome!!!!!!!
76561198018523157,Recommended,237930,10244507,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Super Nintendo Chalmers,"Absolutely recommend this game!  The story is fan-freaking-tastic, the combat is fun, and the visuals are really really well done.  Obviously the soundtrack is amazing and worth buying on its own as well."
,Recommended,237930,10363849,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Dead.,I give it 2 smooches and a butt slap
76561198131098979,Recommended,237930,10372619,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,elcid75,"Different from Bastion, but in a good way. Worth every penny. Loved every minute of it! TY Super Giant Games!"
,Recommended,237930,10186485,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Shiggz,sogood
76561198059218822,Recommended,237930,10186626,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,JaegerBombastic,"Well, just a little over six hours in and already started my second playthrough. Well lets see where to begin, the gameplay is pretty cool, you can fight in real time or pause and plan your attack, Kind of like Dragon Age or fallout. The combat was done incredibly well and makes you feel like a badass when you just tear through your enemies without even giving them any time to react. The game just looks gorgeous, its like a painting come to life, the vibrant colors just make the game just that much more enjoyable to play. Lastly there is the soundtrack, I can't even describe it, it just really helps immerse you in the world of Transistor. Got to hum to the music, 110/10, would play again."
,Recommended,237930,10186763,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Rize,The music is enough of a reason to buy this game.
76561198041366901,Recommended,237930,10187006,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Creepersweeper,"Beautiful visuals, tactical combat that's fast when you get the hang of it, a story behind every ability, and amazing music that gives Bastion a run for its money. A must by for casual and harcore gamers alike!"
,Recommended,237930,10187442,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Nekura,"IntroFirstly, I've just beaten the game so I still have a little bit of that ""wow"" factor in my eyes, so bear with me if I am a little blinded to some of the flaws, this will be updated after a ""Recurse"" runthrough as a more detailed review; however, this, like Bastion, is more of a ""first impressions"" kind of game, so, without further adeu, the show. Oh, and no spoilers. TL;DR list at the bottom. Oh, and the beauty of the graphical goes without saying, so there's no real exposition on that below.The StoryI gave a glimpse through the negative reviews and saw one that spoke of a con of the story being that you had to ""read between the lines"" to get the full picture. For one, a story SHOULD make one think. To take the pieces of the puzzle and put them together before they're all wrapped up together. Now if you blazed through the story, equipped only one combo, found it best for you, didn't read any terminals and ignored the mysterious man in the mechanical sword then you will be hopelessly lost by the story's end. All you'll know is that there was this guy. He's in a sword now. Things happen. Ending happens (no spoilers!) It's a game you can do that in. But if you take your time, explore, read the terminals, stop moving when the sword speaks so you can listen, try out all the different possible ways you can slot the transistors abilities, read all the files, save the cheerleader and save the world? You'll know EXACTLY what's going on any you'll be sucked right into this graphic, interactive novel of a game. Just like with a graphic novel though, you can't black out all the words and hope to get a story out of the pictures alone. I will say that, to some gamers who aren't usually completionists (I'm far from it!) this may seem daunting and tedious and you may lose interest on the firet playthrough, and that's okay! This game's made to play again, just like Bastion was. This, as was Bastion, is a game created almost entirely to tell a story. As I related it, a graphic novel except you're burning baddies rather than flipping a page.The GameplayThis might just be me, but I never found a combo I juststuckwith. I was constantly trying new things, shuffling things around. Always looking to see how I could best tackle a situation. Now once I got a certain later-game power, I will admit that I ended up with a bit of a god-complex going around and smashing everything in sight. Then one group of enemies out-numbered and out-smarted me. That said I needed  to change my strategy once again. You basically have three ways to play. Head-long like Bastion, which is technically doable... full strategy by utiliszing movement-enhancing abilities while out of ""Turn()"" mode and relying completely on ""Turn()"" for your attacks, or a fusion of both as I did, utilizing Turn() for big damage combos and then mopping up in normal combat while my Turn() was on cooldown. All in all, the gameplay is very engaging and, while repetitive (and what game isn't, at it's core, a little repetitive?), offers enough variety in strategy and personal gameplay choices that I think most gamers would be satisfied. Just keep in mind that this game IS heavy on the strategy aspect. If you don't like strategy games, you may not like this game. There's also one thing that's been bugging me as well. Sure they're nice to have and neat little character pieces to have in the game but there ARE two seemingly useless controls in the game. The first is (with KB+M mind) holding the tab key to hum. it creates a beautiful accompaniment to the beautiful music in the game, but it serves no gameplay purpose. As with using the ""Q"" key out of battle to perform a ""flourish"" in which Red tosses the transistor up, leaps up to it, then lands a few inches away. Completely pointless, can't even do it in combat as some flavor thing. It's just there. I'll forgive it since I have a (not so) secret love affair with the fact that SG Games seems to focus entirely on story and these abilities lend toward character quirks of both Red and the Transistor, but it still would have been nice to have had some serious implementation into the game's function. (and if there is, it's not apparent, so if I am mistaken feel free to disregard. There isonelevel where the humming does something, but it's another bit of story flavor.)The CharactersWhile you don't get to see much of these characters, save for Red, the game sure paints a pretty picture about every single one you ""encounter."" I'll focus on the characters you see the most of. Red and The Transistor. Red is, from the start, porteayed as a very independant woman. There is one thing I love about her though. While she's strong and independant, she's still a woman. Beyond that, she's human. Too often female heroines are made to be either dainty yet defiant or so hulk-like they'd even put a man to shame. She has this wonderful balance of being a strong, independant woman that does get scared and does act a little irrational at times; yet, she knows what she has to do and she perserveres through it. She casts aside her gown, dons the jacket worn by the man that saved her life, and just kinda gets to it. She actsnromaland I think that's the first thing that got me about her. They don't play up her being strong and shove it in your face, nor do they assume that just because she's a woman she must be frail of emotion. Both sides of the emotional / strong coin are done in such a beautifully subtle way that it just comes out right. This is no different for the Transistor. (Minor spoler, sorry!) The Transistor is not just the sword, the voice is that of the man that saved Red's life. Now I won't get too much into that, but his personality just works well. The game managed to make me feel badfor a sword.Now I will say there's one problem with Red. A lot of what you get is second-hand. You get a feel for Red through the speech of the Transistor and that's where the Transistor comes in so well. He paints a wonderful picture that's supplimented by little return comments on terminals and expressions in cutscenes and little subtle things she does in her actions. Read into all of that and you'll see that these are two very real characters. To harken back to the graphic novel analogy, you wouldn't get a complete story if all you did was read the words either. It takes both the images and the words to make the story complete. So too with this game, and the characters are what tie things together.The MusicThe music in this game is spectacular. There's not too much more to say. While there's nothing really ""catchy"" that you might find yourself humming as you go about your business, it's still beautiful nonetheless. Oh, and when you're in the sandbox (you'll know what I mean eventually, only a minor spoiler, I promise!) give the record a kick and hum along with a few songs. It's really interesting and fairly haunting to hear them with that hummed accompaniment. It makes you realize that all of the songs are technically songs by Red. Makes you wonder if she hears them in her head while she's out and about.And so, in trying to avoid the character limit and to add in points that really are just bullets, here's the TL;DR list.Personal Pros:Compelling storyActive, strategic gameplayEngaging charactersBeautiful, Artistic graphicsPossible Cons:Story isn't thrown at you, takes some seeking outAs with most strategy, some may find it repetitiveDue to the ""active storytelling"" syle, some might find the Transistor a bittoochattyAll in all, I dodn't find much wrong with the game at its core. It's something I think more games should strive for, and that's to be a vehicle for a story with some fun gameplay and great graphical artwork along the way.If you're apprehensive, don't be. Even as a poor man, I can say that it was well worth the twenty bucks."
,Recommended,237930,10187536,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,MikeCzarmeleon,Great atmosphere and presence. Amazing soundtrack. Fun RPG action elements with a little comedy and strategy.Supergiant Games knocked it out of the park again.
,Recommended,237930,10187644,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,k1ll,"Beautiful art, sound, cool story and fun combat, but a little too short for the $20 price tag."
76561198005094278,Recommended,237930,10187705,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Snowman Drew,This game is the shiitt and you should buy it and then play it xoxo
,Recommended,237930,10187843,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,cmg.ban es,You know when you take a♥♥♥♥♥♥and you're like that was a good♥♥♥♥♥♥ Yeah this is that game 10/10 would♥♥♥♥♥♥again.
,Recommended,237930,10187927,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,[THC] Evilwasbeer,"Finished the first playtrough in 5 hours, didn't feel like messing around the the challenges yet since the story drew me in. In short, if you loved Bastion, the chances will be high that you will really like this game. Loghan Cunningham narrates once more, whereas it's a different tone and voice this time. The delivery stays as smooth. the soundtrack is fantastic, on par with that of Bastion.The combat system is a little bit more 'calm' then that of Bastion but stands fully right on it's own terms, adding small, Fire Emblem esque vibes to the Turn system. Do you burn out your turn with attacks and be unable to attack for a few seconds, or do you keep attacking manually.In short, Good story, Amazing artstyle, Fun and challenging gameplay, naration and music fantastic. Consider this one of my contenders for GOTY 2014Edit 1: I forgot to mention how much I liked the completely optional 'Press TAB to hum' button."
,Recommended,237930,10188118,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Kaze,"I've been waiting around for this when the first reveal trailer was shown, and man I wasn't let down.This has to be one of the best examples of Indie games available.The gameplay is smooth and responsive with a high quality feel, the graphics are astounding with the hand drawn look of the city and characters, the soundtrack is utter brilliance and it's all available for $20 U.S, $30 if you want the soundtrack. And unless you lack ears, that extra $10 will not hurt you in terms of value and entertainment. And the story? Pure brilliance to me.However if you are someone who enjoys a LONG game experience, the game will let you down. The main campaign is only 5 hours (I clocked in at 4 and a half), and if you haven't played something similar to this like Bastion, you might be confused.But stick with it. I never played Bastion and picked it up fairly quickly. And while the story is only 5 hours, you can play again on Recursive Mode (or New Game +) with your abilities in tact and randomised enemy choices unlike the first time around.Not clear enough? BUY. THIS. GAME."
76561198019202386,Recommended,237930,10188288,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Immortal (420) Booty-Wizard,"Like Bastion, this game will convince you that also games can be a true piece of art. If you would like a Game that is very much diffrent from most others that you have seen out there then this is very much the thing for you :) !"
,Recommended,237930,10188448,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Eat Babies!,"So far, wonderful story, already hitting the feels quite hard about 10 minutes in. The combat is challenging, but fair. The graphics aren't top notch, but they're heavily stylized and enjoyable. The sytems involved in combat seem quite interesting, both inside and outside of, with a heavy basis of customization starting fairly early on.Def solid recomendation to anyone interested in Arpgs, or Rpgs in general."
,Recommended,237930,10188630,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Slam My Spicy Spagooter,"So... Where to start with Transistor... I sat down and played this last night, and I'd have to say it is one of the most narratively and artistically divine things I have ever experienced. I was pretty excited for this game going into it, as I was a huge fan of Bastion. And... then I played it, realized that it was on a whole other level. The gameplay is fantstically done, blending strategy and action gameplay perfectly in a way that makes you think but doesn't bore you. The challenges and side missions in what's called The Backdoor start easy, but get really difficult as you near the end of the game. The replay value on this is huge, as you likely won't unlock everything first playthrough. So there's also a good amount of replay value in trying to complete the game with all limiters on in the story and also trying to beat all of the challenges, a feat easier said than done. Not to mention the story is pretty great as well, the world Supergiant creates here is one I'm excited to see more of, and something I hope they expand upon in later games. That's enough about the game...The art just deserves it's own part of this. That's how good it is. The color palette the artists used are just visually striking, and the very defined shadows just make Red stick out unlike any other video game protagonist. Which is ironic since she lost her voice. This is a game that I can't wait to play through again. And again. And then probably again after that, lol. Probably one of the best games I have ever played. No, not played. Experienced. 10/10. Although, one thing I should mention. I have an amazing PC and this game's FPS chugs a little bit at times, I believe that's just a PC thing since the consoles run the frames well. A patch later on would be much appreciated. For me, any DLC they release is an instant purchase. Hell, I already ordered a poster, lol. Just buy this game, and play it all the way through one sitting. It's like a life experience that no one should miss."
,Recommended,237930,10188657,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,𝓹𝓾𝓵𝓼𝓮 𝔀𝓲𝓭𝓽𝓱,Supergiant Games proves that Bastion wasn't a fluke.
,Recommended,237930,10188885,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Dexter Morgan,"Awesome combat, gorgeous artwork and quality soundtrack make this a must have!"
,Recommended,237930,10189301,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Crake,"Interesting combat systeam, with a tremendous look and music."
76561198064496718,Recommended,237930,10189370,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,H34VY,"This game has reignited my love for games. Awesome gameplay, mesmerising soundtrack and a great story!"
,Recommended,237930,10260427,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Dog,"Stylish, beautiful, moderately challenging, and a good mix of action and focused thinking.It's like the creators of Frozen Synapse dropped a heroic quantity of acid, played ""Mean Streets"" on an Amiga for 6 hours, and spent the comedown period sipping wine and listening to old radio dramas during an impromptu oil-painting class. And then made a game."
,Recommended,237930,10260557,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Shadoking3,"If you liked Bastion, you're gonna like this. Honestly a little bit of a shorter trip, but still worth a couple playthroughs and then some."
,Recommended,237930,10260867,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Banehallow,Mesmerising.
,Recommended,237930,10262337,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Salty Banana,"Very fun, almost turn based style game. Replayability and a killer story with a wicked soundtrack. Enjoyed every moment."
76561198022135721,Recommended,237930,10262678,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Dust,"A beautiful game, with a subtle storyline, amazing soundtrack and one of the most diverse and interesting combat systems of any game i have played, even though it is only 8 hours long it is a must buy."
76561198016335227,Recommended,237930,10263203,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,dr_judym,"Beautiful art style (although too heavy on copypaste, rather than ""inspired by""), solid mechanics, great soundtrack. Never liked the narrator from Bastion and his delivery is cheesy as usual. The writing itself is quite poor, and the story is pretty much forgettable but  the gameplay and the replayability value will make you forget all the shortcomings."
,Recommended,237930,10263239,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,sneg_,"Great game! The narrative seems similar to Bastion but I prefer Transistor's storyline and style - sort of funky minimalist sci-fi world. The combat is cool, all abilities seem useful and there are a lot of different combos to explore.While in Bastion combat mechanic was more like a classic action/rpg hack-n-slash, Transistor is more turn-based - you have a ""planning mode"" where you can decide on the next course of action. Planning mode has a cooldown timer, so once you finish planning and all your actions are executed, you have to act in real-time until planning mode is available again. The game becomes more tactical but the cooldown on planning mode makes sure you do not abuse it, and helps to keep the game at a fast, challenging pace. When you run out of health, instead of seeing the typical ""game over"" screen straight away, your character loses one of her abilities. In my opinion, this is a very cool approach making the game less frustrating but equally challenging, as you have to master different abilities.Oh yes, and the soundtrack is great!If you like stylish games with fun gameplay and interesting storyline - do not miss this!!"
76561198039380801,Recommended,237930,10263825,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Stacklucker,"9,5/10only con: a little short in my opinion"
76561198027713243,Recommended,237930,10279651,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Parthis,Art meets ambition meets confidence.It's brilliant.
,Recommended,237930,10279819,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Space Pope,"Beautiful and an interseting story, the soundtrack is outstanding, and the game is good enough to replay which is pretty rare for a game with no multiplayer features in it. I mean what else can you expect from Supergaint Games."
,Recommended,237930,10280241,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,SpikeyBiscuit,"I love this game. It had fun gameplay, an interesting world, and a touching story. It wasn't extremely fun, incredibly engaging, or deeply moving, but I feel that was a good choice for this game. It's different, and it's enjoyable all the way through. Even when it gets difficult, I never felt like it was the game's fault, and only that I needed to figure out how to best deal with certain situations.More than anything, this game just has such a great style that it really shouldn't be missed. I'd like to see more of this world and gameplay, but for now I'm very content with the 10 hours this game gave me only on the first playthrough, with more that can still be done. It's not that exspensive, so play this game guys."
76561198061867051,Recommended,237930,10280491,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Banana Booty God,;3;
76561197969823836,Recommended,237930,10280604,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Scratch N' Sniff,"now that I have played it, it is my favorite game. it could not be my favorite game before I played it.  you should play it."
76561198027255228,Recommended,237930,10280787,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Knarral,"This is a great game, but it's only about 3 hours long. I know it says I've played it for 8 hours, but more than half of that was on a pause screen while I was away. It's a great game, and you should definitely play it, but you really should figure out whether or not you want to spend $20 on a 3 hour game. Definitely pick it up on sale, though."
76561198040635952,Recommended,237930,10280935,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Maethoron,Super freaking awesome. The creators of Bastion have done it again
,Recommended,237930,10281257,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,toomuchdog,"Just finished the game.There're a couple of small ways in which this game tries a little too much to be like Bastion, but honestly I have almost exclusively positive things to say about it.The gameplay is based on mixing and matching a set of abilities that have different effects when used as active skills, upgrades for other active skills, or passive skills.  The sheer magnitude of options available is both impressive and carefully tuned so that it doesn't really become overwhelming.  The delivery of the story and setting is extremely varied and the devs were willing to allow the player to piece things together or his or her own with the fragments earned from how skills are used as well as the main narrative.And as one might expect, both the music and art are absolutely phenomenal.  Not only are they amazing in their own right, but each compliments the setting and narrative of the game very effectivley.  Can't say I mind having a heavier focus on Ashley Barrett's vocals either.  Logan Cunningham's voice acting performance feels a little awkward at first, but as you get to know the character, grows to be as great as ever.While the game feels a little shorter than Bastion was (and a little shorter than I'd hoped), the pacing is very reasonable and the experience is very dense with impressive art, music, and play.  I would have liked a bit more, though.The only other complaint I might have is actually only partially a complaint:There are tons of references to programming syntax in the names and descriptions of various parts of the game.  While those were really cool to me (a programmer), I feel like they could be odd or confusing to others.  Of course, I can't really speak from that perspective.Overall, I thoroughly enjoyed Transistor and I'm looking forward to my second playthrough.  If you'll excuse me, I'm going to go buy the soundtrack."
,Recommended,237930,10281267,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,The Cinnamon Disappointment,"I'm going to start this off by saying I wasn't a fan of Bastion. I had played the first hour or so of it, but it never hooked me. This game though...this game hooked me.The art style is gorgeous with its art deco sci fi aesthetic and cyberpunk influences. The story isn't given to you all at once or in a few places with massives amounts of information. Instead, it's given to you in packages through various means, all of which is effectively delivered. Especially effective is the voice acting. Throughout the game, you are really only given one voice to listen to, that of the person inside the Transistor, but it never feels like a game empty of people. The voice is warm and treats the player as if they already know each other, and it makes you want to listen to what he has to say.The gameplay is intriquing as well. You can play it real-time, as if it Diablo or a similar game, or you can activate Turn() mode, which pauses the game world allowing to play your actions ahead of time. It's a satisfying feeling to be able to tally the hitpoints up before hand to know that the enemy will be dead very shortly and then actually see it happen.Overall, I'd say this is a game worth getting, and if you have doubts as to that, wait for the inevitable sale and buy it then. This game was hooked from the very beginning, kept my interest, made me want to play it again, and even made me want to revisit Bastion just so I can see what else this game developer has done."
,Recommended,237930,10281314,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Ciphernull,"Fantastic game. Transistor is more game-y than Bastion was, with a deep and interesting battle system. The story isn't as straightforward as Bastion, but still very good, and deserves a second playthrough. The soundtrack is as amazing as I expected it to be, and I expect it to be on heavy rotation on my phone."
76561198047313448,Recommended,237930,10281638,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,FumbleBee,"Supergiant games delivers a errie beautiful story through solid game play mechanics and a narraitive style reminiscent of their debut title. The campain sits at about 5 to 7 hours long, based on how quickly one learns the ingenious and powerful combat system. Prepare to be rivited to your seat/couch/beanbag while you enjoy this masterpeice.See you in the Country  --D"
,Recommended,237930,10281985,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,DraconiusRex,"It was very interesting.  It's an art-house film equivalent to videogames.  Unfortunatley, that also means a confusing storey and ending.  I think some artists mix up crypticness and confusion with artistry.  One doesn't equal the other.  Despite those shortfalls it's still a great game and there are instances where the music combined with the cutscenes gave me tingles!"
76561198041742279,Recommended,237930,10487634,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,blogman100,"Many people will go into this game thinking it is Bastion..... THIS GAME IS NOT BASTION i repeat THIS GAME IS NOT BASTION. Its overall game feel and gameplay and very different and if you liked bastion you may not like this game.tl;dr: you and a talking sword go on an adenture.Not tl;drNow since that is out of the way, Transistor is an action rpg in an asemetric perpective that follows the story of Red in the city of Cloudbank. This game has an extroadinary soundtrack composed by the one and only Daren Korb and has a very interesting take on its gameplay. There are two ways to aproach combat, one way is to approach enemies in real time, and the other is during the ""turn"" mode. In this turn mode it freezes time and you can strategically move and perform attacks which will each diminish a portion of your energy bar. Many times i would find myself just waiting for my ""turn"" to recharge and then atack but others may prefer the real time combat opposed to the ""turn"" combat.Next, the astetic of the game is beutiful. With most of the assets hand drawn it brings to light a unique world with tons of character that definitaly stands apart from other games. Also, the characters are very interesting and the plot does not seem cookie cutter or monotinous.However the game does still have some problems. For example, some attacks do feel very overpowered and some players may find themselfs only using a specific itemset and not exploring other oppurtunities.In the end, the conjunction of the different ways and lore you recieve from abilities, visually appealing world, and fun combat i reccomend you give this game a try."
,Recommended,237930,10487675,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Marxox,Ending made me cry and be happy at the same time. This has never happened to me before. 10/10
76561197963637625,Recommended,237930,10487948,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Hyonam,I really enjoyed it
,Recommended,237930,10477368,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,»Λямғ« Λsian,"Supergiant Games has done it again; Transistor is a beautiful game, with it's artwork, soundtrack, gameplay, characters. The game mechanics from Bastion are similarly done in this game, but feel much more refined. I've only played through it once, but I will definitely have to run through it again. Definitely recommend this game!"
76561198016685385,Recommended,237930,10488055,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,HavokXP,"This game is something I would classify as fantastic.  For those who have played Bastion, is it somewhat reminiscent of that in terms of game mechanics (narration driven story, difficulty modifiers, attack customization and experimentation).  The gameplay however is different and enjoyable.  I eagerly and patiently await Supergiant's next game release.  If you've got the money to spend, it's worth it"
,Recommended,237930,10564100,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,funnystuffkr,"Absolutely fantastic game. Super Giant games does not dissapoint. I loved everything in this game. The combat is very intricate yet fluid. Good balance, beautiful artwork and soundtrack. The only bad thing about the game is that it's somewhat short. So it's bad because I wanted more of it! Nevertheless I would reccommend everyone to play this game and support the awesome developers that Super Giant games is."
,Recommended,237930,10567295,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Archeus,"Absolutely fantastic!I thoroughly enjoyed Bastion's style and soundtrack and had high expectations for Transistor. Transistor met my expectations with a beautiful soundtrack and brilliant art style.The combat is intriguing and different with new game+ providing extended replayability. There are so many different variations of skills each providing different and unique effects.The only thing I wish was available in the game would be a combat mode, enabling me to level my character without having to play through the story.This game is most definitely worthwhile a purchase."
76561197989039922,Recommended,237930,10489029,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,TwoCans[NoWins],"If you enjoyed Bastion this is nigh-impossible to dislike. Trades the action for a turn-based/action hybrid system that's still satisfying.Only downside is the short 4-5 hour playtime, but it's such a polished experience throughout I don't regret it."
,Recommended,237930,10490096,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Anne Dank,"The artwork is terrific, along with the plot line. The music is supurb and the humming that goes along with it just adds to the beauty of the game! The fighting style is difficult to figure out at first, but easy to get the hang of. It's a lovely game that just keeps getting better the more you play it."
76561198020410471,Recommended,237930,10490215,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,euchrid,"I don't care if it's only June - this is my game of the year. Damn near everything is perfect, from the lush design to the gorgeous soundtrack to the dense, rewarding combat mechanincs. The story is intriguing and original, and the relationship between the two leads (Red and the man in the Transistor) is one of the best I've seen in recent videogames, even with her never speaking. I won't give any spoilers, but I will say that the ending is one of the most remarkable and emotionally satisfying videogame experiences I've ever had. A thousand points out of ten."
76561197990365109,Recommended,237930,10491766,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Brambles,"A beautifully designed game, with a gorgeous art style and brilliant sound track.This game IS worth your time and money"
,Recommended,237930,10492375,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Agito410,"Great game with abit confusing start but all add up as you go deeper in the game. Gameplay is very well done, unique as it is first time for me to see both real-time combat and a frozen planning mode with beautiful environment details and outstanding soundtracks that blends so well. I wish the game has a longer and deeper story but overall, this game is a must. Get it when it sells."
,Recommended,237930,10495777,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Purplesun,"Most developers don't strike gold twice but, Supergiant has done it. Bastion was a great game and Transistor is too.  Dare I say even better than Bastion.  The skill system is unique and rewarding, the art style is great, and the gameplay is amazing.  Being able to pause time and plan out your moves, then watch Red execute them is fantastic.  I got my $20 worth of this game, and you should too."
,Recommended,237930,10193416,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Crocubot,This game is exceptional. In many ways even better than Bastion.
76561198016837528,Recommended,237930,10193440,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Clay,FUC%#%§ING MASTERPIECE!
,Recommended,237930,10193456,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,[REF]RustingKnight,"An excellent second game, befitting the creators of Bastion."
76561197984737939,Recommended,237930,10193490,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Jargo,"I was worried Supergiant Games would be a one hit wonder with Bastion. Transistor is another masterpiece, albeit a shorter, yet deeper one. Can't recommend this game highly enough."
76561197972281997,Recommended,237930,10193600,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Vicarrak,WOULD RECOMMEND THIS GAME!
76561198063791337,Recommended,237930,10193643,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Ayayayayaya,"Buy it if you liked Bastion. Also, buy it if you didn't. Because this game is so much better."
76561197994506322,Recommended,237930,10193651,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,LamerGamer,"From the creators of Bastion, Transistor is a sci-fi themed action RPG that invites you to wield an extraordinary weapon of unknown origin as you fight through a stunning futuristic city. Transistor seamlessly integrates thoughtful strategic planning into a fast-paced action experience, melding responsive gameplay and rich atmospheric storytelling. During the course of the adventure, you will piece together the Transistor's mysteries as you pursue its former owners.Key FeaturesAn all-new world from the team that created BastionConfigure the powerful Transistor with thousands of possible Function combinationsAction-packed real-time combat fused with a robust strategic planning modeVibrant hand-painted artwork in full 1080p resolutionOriginal soundtrack changes dynamically as the action unfoldsHours of reactive voiceover create a deep and atmospheric story'Recursion' option introduces procedural battles after finishing the storyFully customizable controls custom-tailored for PC"
,Recommended,237930,10193681,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Morrier,"If you are a fan of Bastion, you'll find a familiar feel here; a rather inventive combat mechanic, beautiful art and sound direction, and Darren Korb's fantastic narration. The game isn't particularly long, but well worth the price of admission; I'm planning on another playthrough with New Game+."
76561197993319670,Recommended,237930,10193739,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,UnReal,"The best game I've ever played. Beautiful graphics, most stunning OST ever, and an amazing gameplay."
,Recommended,237930,10193784,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Akaiatana,"Five hours got me through the game, and it was tasty. The visuals, the gameplay, the dialogue, the plot, just dang. Supergiant makes me crave more.I've been craving the soundtrack since the announcement trailer, and it's finally mine. I bought the bundle at full price. If you're reading this during a sale, buy it. Buy it NOW."
,Recommended,237930,10193789,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Tenguuf,"This game is like cement, let urself play this more than 30 mins ur stuckon this game.Keyboard becomes glue. 10/10"
,Recommended,237930,10193792,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Cryolite,♥♥♥♥ing play this
,Recommended,237930,10193860,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Nwar,Buy and play this game now.
,Recommended,237930,10193880,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,VR Junkie,"Transistor, put simply, is perfect.1010/1010"
,Recommended,237930,10193944,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Onii-Chanヽ( ≧ω≦),I love this game the story it amazing I hope for more games and maybe DLC?
,Recommended,237930,10194200,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,salawys,Couldn't have asked for more. I totally recommend Transistor!
,Recommended,237930,10194210,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,mH.NEGATiVE,"They had my money as soon as I played through Bastion the first time.    But with this game, while they revisit similar ground story and playstyle-wise.... Takes it up several notches.   The way you combine skills in-game makes for a VERY interesting way to play the game your own way.   For the first few levels you can play it like a hack and slash similar to Bastion, but once you get into it a bit, failing to use the innovative Turn mode will spell disaster for even minor enemy encounters.   This game brings ALL elements to bear in an absolute masterpiece... and it's yours for $20.   I spend that on coffee in a week.... OK... I spend WAY more than that on my caffeine habit... so what are you waiting for ?  More art from Jen Zee, more music from Darren Korb and Ashley Barrett... why are you still here reading this?!? GO GIVE THEM YOUR MONEY!TLDR: SUCH GAME.  MANY ART.  WOW."
