user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198075783237,Recommended,238090,32692806,Posted: 23 June,all,Sn1pp3t`,"For anyone who still curious ""Should I buy this game?"" during summer sale.For Sniper Elite Player- It's the same game as where you came from.- If you're from Sniper Elite 2 : This game refined your item hud, story, stealth mechanic, etc.- If you're from Sniper Elite 4 : This is more relaxed. Just listen to the noise to mask your bullet and you're good to go.For non-sniper elite player- If you ever play 3rd Person Shooter (TPS) : This'll make you think that you're great in sniping, just like eurobeat makes you think you're great in driving.- If you ever play 1st Person Shooter (FPS) : The same as TPS, but you could see wider.- If this is your first game : go pick Sniper Elite 2 first. Just the base game, no dlc needed, can judge that you'll like this game or not. Because, like everyone dissed that ""Every sniper elite is the same, just change the map."", it's 60% true. Another 40% is in the small detail.As a fan of this series, I still prefer sniper elite 2 map to this. But other than that, sniper elite 3 is better in all around.PS. Oh, and if you curious about Sniper Elite : Nazi Zombie Edition. It's like Sniper Elite 2.5 : Nazi Zombie in Sniper Elite 2 maps with Sniper Elite 3 refined mechanic. Hope this could help you!Ps2. If you think that I've not finished this game yet (only 16 hrs.), I confess that I've finished this game in the Pirated version long, long time ago and it's great that I came back and bought it.Ps3. Pick the Deluxe Edition, if you could. Just the DLC sidestories are worth, let alone the guns.10/10 will try to find hitler single testicle again."
,Not Recommended,238090,10906620,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Pretoryan,"------- Its not that I dont recommend it , its that it is not finished --------What I mean by what I said above , is that its disgraceful to release day 1 DLCs with so little content inside of the actual game. This is Rebellion wanting to be EA , which makes me sad beyond words. Let me elaborate :Pros :- Bigger Maps , 3 - 4 levels of elevation making for some interesting gameplay.- Kill Cam , Graphics and Game Overall looking and feeling better- Hardest difficulty AI is really insane , making it immence pleasure at least to me to fail against it.Cons :- Overall 4 Sniper rifles and 4 Subguns with 3 Pistols , and some rather lazy customisation options.- Day 1 DLCs which hold the weapons that could have been placed in the game, if they werent so ♥♥♥♥ing greedy.- Lack of maps is honestly horrible. There are like 6 maps overall , only 2 you can do in Challenges ( Co-op ).- Lack of multyplayer modes , being only Distance King  and Deathmach , and their Team equivalents.Overall , I enjoy playing the game , but in less then 2 hours I`ve played every map and tried out every weapon , which made it just ... a horrible dissapointment to me. If DLCs get on Sales , or they decide we are ,,Customers`` and not sheep , this game might become something."
,Recommended,238090,14350412,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Muinaiset,"Note:If you are using a 120hz or 144hz monitor be aware that you may need to add either""-Hz=120"" or ""-Hz=144""to launch properties or else you will be stuck at 60hz and it will be noticeable. For the longest time I thought I was just getting low fps and that the game just wasn't running well. It finally dawned on me to check the refresh rate and voila my problem was fixed and the game ran great.Sniper Elite 3 is a fun game and an improvement on its predecessor in almost every way. Levels are a lot bigger and more open, campaign is longer, graphics are better, stealth is improved and feels more viable, rifle customization has been added, and everything you do gives you xp so that you gain ranks regardless of if you touch multiplayer or not.If you're looking for an amazing story with great writing and voice acting you will want to look elsewhere. Enemy AI can be questionable as well. I never had a problem with bugs and glitches, but people have reported them so that may be something to keep in mind. There is a lack of weapons in this one compared to the previous entry, but especially with the addition of weapon customization that isn't something that bothered me much. These games have never really been about weapon variety anyway.Ranking up gives you unlocks and basically just adds a sense of progression beyond that of completing a mission. This is not some earth-shattering addition, but it is welcomed.The new difficulty, Authentic, is highly punishing. Not only is it very hard, but if you die, you restart the level from the beginning. And these levels are not short. If you crave a challenge, you will not be disappointed.On the other end of the spectrum you have Cadet difficulty which is almosttooeasy. Bullet drop and wind is removed and enemy AI is considerably dumbed down. If you feel like Call of Duty-ing your way through the game then this is the difficulty for you.The game is optimized well and the controls are pretty much unchanged from Elite V2, which is not a bad thing. This is definitely not some lame console port.The abundant dlc is something to be aware of as well. The game felt fine enough to me without any of it, but it is there.I don't know that the game is worth paying full price for, but if you can get it on sale for a good price I doubt you will regret it."
76561198059769176,Not Recommended,238090,10938809,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Drake,"Though the developer's promised to have 'learned from the mistakes in Sniper Elite 2, this is sadly not the case. Actually the game is very much like the 2nd part has been. There is no sand-box-like environment, though in theory the levels are huge and feature long distances, one cannot make use of it. The level design restricts the player's movement in mutliple ways. Not being able to step over he smalles stone in your path means that one need to stick to the few predetermined paths. The enemies are popping up in a certain distance. For example one can observe a tower on the other side of a lake, seeing no enemies at it - when moving closer the enemies are created there out fo nothingness. The average distance of a firefight is about 30-80 meters, to get a long shot you need to crawl to the target to make it appear, then crawl all the way back to give it a shot. Even worse, at long ranges the collision is not working correctly. Though the target is presented in clear view the tactical assistance shows the target as 'obscured' effectively the shot is blocked by something invisible. Longest shot i did take in the normal game was at 130 meters. Same goes for corners, windows and doors. Often your shots will hit the frame, though your crosshair is dead on target. If you like the sniper series stick to the 2nd part, this one is just a bit more flashy. Oh and the customizing is utterly useless.From their ads:-Expansive new environments – Stalk huge multi-route levels with multiple primary and secondary objectives than can be tackled in any order. Never play the same way twice. -> Though there is no order given, the level design claerly dictates a certain order, 2nd part is true, one surly will not play a level a second time as it's just to boring.-Real tactical choice – Adapt to any situation. Use stealth, distraction, traps and sound masking . If things go hot, use the new Relocate mechanic to slip into the shadows and start the hunt again on your own terms. --> means that one can get away with the most stupid moves, as long as one is fast enuff with relocating, this takes the edge off totally.-Revamped human X-Ray Kill cam – The acclaimed X-Ray kill-cam is back and bolder than ever, including a detailed muscle layers, 3D mesh particles and the complete human circulatory system. -->probably the only thing that works, bloody, gruesome and detailed. Not much different from the old bulet cam though-New X-Ray vehicle takedowns – See vehicles disintegrate in intricate detail with X-Ray vehicle takedowns. Multi-stage destruction allows you to take out armoured cars, trucks and Tiger tanks piece-by-piece.--> exaggerated, basically a bullet cam for vehicles, nothing we haven't seen here beforeI recommend to get the 2nd part of the series for little money, Sniper Elite 3 is not worth the amount of money as it's not delivering on the developers promises. If you like CoD-style shooters with some sneaking and sniping this here might be for you. If you like tactical choices and a sandbox-level design with you deciding the course of action and real tactical posibilities  stay away from this one.Addendum:Now i have been playing some more hours, I admit there are some levels that are better then others - so one get'S a glimpse of what the game could be! Those rare levels are really nice, maybe they will deliver some better DLC. I'd change my recommendation in sofar, that I would give it a try when it's been out some time, has received maybe some DLCs and is available for a reduced price."
76561198012653003,Recommended,238090,25537084,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Bambihunter71,"I have played all 3 Sniper Elite's in the series and was excited to learn they are working on a 4th. I have also played the Zombie versions of the game (which I didn't like NEAR as much).Overall, this is my favorite in the series and it seems as each release gets more and more polished than the last. While I play single player 99% of the time, I have dabbled in the co-op multiplayer and it is fun but I do wish it allowed multiple snipers instead of the sniper/spotter setup currently. I realize this is technically more correct, we, as players, want to play as the sniper and when we are playing as spotter it feels we are just playing nice until our turn.I really only have a few gripes with the game that I can think of right now.First: (And this is a big one) you can't set your elevation on your scope. Every person that shoots firearms knows you can set your ""zero"" on your scope so that it is ""dead-on"" at a certain distance. Then, you can hold over or under depending on whether the target it closer or further.Second: This whole series has suffered from what I refer to as the ""trigger effect"" where enemies don't appear, or certain things happen until you hit a certain trigger. Usually the trigger is reaching a certain place on the map, or killing a certain person, or percentage of enemies. While not as pronounced as it was on the 2nd in the series, nothing like carefully scouting your approach, then moving forward and hitting a trigger point, and have enemies all around you. Often, once I figured out where that trigger point was, I moved forward until I triggered it, then ran back to my sniper nest and clear a path.Third: Enemies in vehicles see WAY to well. If you have ever been in an armored vehicle or tank, you will know that visibility is NOT their strong point. They should have excellent defense and firepower like they do in real life and do in the game but shouldn't be able to see you near as well unless near an enemy patrol.Fourth: Inconsistant mechanics regarding long range shooting alarming enemies. I have played the game 250+ hours, and still can't determine whether an enemy will hear my shots at a given place or distance except around broken generators and such. Incidentally, it seems logical that if backfiring generators at your location mask your sounds, you should be able to shoot a generator near the enemy and make it back firing then you could shoot towards him even if you are not by a generator any longer. (does that make sense?)A few more ""mentions"" of other things about the game I wish were different.Why can't we jump in the game?I wish you could turn off the wind, without turning off elevation. It is harder to ""feel"" the wind in a game.I had some occasional issues with the game doing a red flicker when SLI was enabled. This was the only game that ever did that. Normally, just changing the resolution and restarting it fixed it. Ironically, I could alternate between two resolutions and they both worked; AFTER the other one messed up.Every time you reload your side arm, it goes through the ""chambering"" animation. Just because you drop the magazine, and put in a full one, doesn't mean the chamber will be empty. Yes, there are a FEW firearms that the magazine is loaded from the top, usually with a ""stripper clip"" where you would potentially cycle it like that, but aside from the M1 Garand rifle and the Mauser C96 (which I don't remember any in the game), nothing should load like that. For a game that obviously desires for accuracy and realism, it seems like an odd oversight.Snipers don't fall for thrown rocks, no way to get them to move short of killing them."
76561198002676388,Not Recommended,238090,10909648,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Darakon,"Sniper Elite 3? More like Sniper Elite 2.01. Seriously 8 missions for the campaign Rebellion?! Ultra short game, no way that's worth the asking price.The same stuff that's wrong with Sniper Elite 2 is pretty much also wrong in this game.Enemies still have magic bullets with super killer sniper aim. Come on Rebellion the AI is just as bad as Sniper Elite 1! You've done nothing to improve the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ AI.And DLC already ? That stuff should be in the release. I'd expect this from someone like EA, but you guys really topped it this time. Sorry but I cannot recommend this game.Conclusion: DO NOT BUY"
,Not Recommended,238090,17208995,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,RED Floyd /(Weber)\,"This game fell far from what made Sniper Elite V2 fun, while at the same time fixing a lot on Sniper Elite V2's problems.How does that work? Well in my normal, befuddled, complicated review style I'll do my best to explain.The whole Sniper Elite series revolves around popping a bullet from your rifle of choice into the head of filthy degenerate Nazis (sometimes Russians), hey that's fun right? Yea it is!Except in Sniper Elite 3 you're more likely to be using the Welrod than you are sniping, also likewise using new silent close combat kills which actually do have some pretty wicked kill animations, and while nothings wrong with using CQC executions and the welrod to get into position for sniping, the problem is you're gonna be mostly using the Welrod and CQC to get through the level, there's rarely a place to get into position for sniping effectively making that sniper rifle of your choice on your back more of an optional weapon of choice in a game where the name happens to be SNIPER Elite.Normally in Sniper Elite V2 and Sniper Elite you got from point A to point B, point B being the place where you pull off a sniper shot and take out the target, throughout the game you can find areas where the noise blocks out your shots and you can pick off any soldier with a bit of patience.Now that returns in Sniper Elite 3, but my one big problem is that it feels...placed. Whereas in V2 something like mortars hitting the ground were a boon for pulling off a shot, the fact you use what feels like conveniently placed generators or noise making sources to mask your shot just feels off. It feels less like a perfect chance and more like a part of the game where you just sit, wait for the generator to make noise and pick off the enemy until everything is swiss cheese.Now that's not the ENTIRE case, of course sound masking sources like planes flying overhead return, as do artillery shots of course, but these are strung out so that it feels like you either use the generator or you don't, and if you don't and pull  a sick headshot off in total silence then instead of everyone in a 5 mile radius combing the entire place for you you just gotta relocate.Relocting! Making the consequences of pulling off an unmasked shot null and void. Honestly its not that bad (in the context of Sniper Elite 3), in a game where you can't snipe anything and you gotta get around with the Welrod or the pay2win silenced semi auto; there has to be some kind of leeway that lets you wipe the dust off your rifle and tell someone they can♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥in Hell.So why does it feel so bad to me at least? Simple: Shoot someone, relocate, rinse and repeat.And speaking of getting from Point A to Point B, lets talk about the maps! Now, these maps are more open world, meaning you can persue any objective in total silence or loud as♥♥♥♥♥♥ nothing wrong with that, I like open maps! Except for the bit where at the end of each level in V2, Point B was the place you gunned down your target, in Sniper Elite 3 you can go through most of the level or the entire level without firing a shot from your rifle. Hell you can take down most of your targets through means that don't involve sniping, that makes the game feel less like Sniper Elite 3, and more of a Stealth Elite 3.But I think the thing that bites me the most is that rifles that were originally part of the base game in V2 are being sold as DLC, I mean yea it's odd to find a Mosin Nagant in Africa, but getting a KAR 98 wouldn't be difficult, instead you get that from DLC as well. It feels like Sniper Elite 3 has fallen to one of the biggest pitfalls the gaming industry is doing nowadays cutting out parts of the game, reselling as DLC.In the end Sniper Elite 3 feels weird, off, it's not what I expected, despite some of the highpoints, honestly I had fun for the first few hours, then the whole DLC bits happened and I noticed this game wasn't as good as I thought it to be, in fact I'd go as far to say that Sniper Elite V2 is the better game, the fact you can actually stealth for once is really nice but the fact that it takes away from sniping hurts on more deeper level, if you really want Sniper Elite 3 I'd recommend waiting for a sale or a price drop."
,Not Recommended,238090,10884491,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Unmutual,"Horrible stealth gameplay...Not a very good start when the majority of the game is based around being quiet...Let's start with some examples.I threw a rock in a canyon to distract someone.Krauts for miles heard the rock hitting the ground and went to high alert.Welrod rounds can bounce off of garrison/field caps.This will get you killed quite a few times.[At this point, I should mention that you can't save on the hardest difficulty].30-06 rounds also bounce off soft caps and helments...Nice.Germans drink a lot of milk, that's why they don't go down when I shoot them in the spine with the aught-six. Most of the time it takes 2-3 rounds to the chest to kill someone with it. (When in actual combat, not ""sniping"")^extremely realisticMonty fed the commonwealth fruit-gushers, that's why their teeth are purple.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=277146819Tropical.The multiplayer coop syncing is horrible, germans will slide around and go into t-pose trying to load the correct animations.Your character gives wonderful clues as to when the Korps are going to act on you.""Hmmm...I think I better lay some traps here..."" he blurts out while sneaking down a path.When the♥♥♥♥♥♥does hit the fan, don't try using the melee feature. 100% death. The player's animation goes too long, giving the enemy time to clear leather and kill you before you regain control.I don't know how many of you are big into history...but in all the books I've read and all the documentaries I've watched...Never seen a ""German"" officer's cap like this. I know it's an Italian cap, but I have no idea why it has two stars on it and is being worn by a German.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=277188690Go buy some army men from the store and play with them at the beach...It's a better North Africa experience...Monty and Rommel frown at this game.Video of the ""great stealth gameplay"" can be found here.http://youtu.be/4qAUhKT0uI8To the gentleman in the comments.Let's be realistic here, the game gave me an M1 Garand (A weapon with heavy and slow rounds) to be used for sniping. If the developers wanted me to sit there and ""snipe"" they'd have given me something that wasn't semi-automatic and held 8 rounds. They also wouldn't have given me an SMG or grenades. You can hear the character mention that I should lay traps, the player is CLEARLY meant to proceed that way. Sorry that I don't like going to the ""Sniper Nests"" the game marks on my map and attempt to play the game in a sandbox style, like the store page highlights.Furthermore, regardless of how I play the game, the bullet damage still remains the same. In the video you can see me empty rounds into enemies at close range and nothing happens.Perhaps you were distracted by some of the related videos, I'll provide you with a still frame of where I shoot the enemy.http://i.imgur.com/SzW7U4j.pngIt doesn't take a rocket scientist to know that getting a rifle round through the chest is going to kill you, especially if it's lined up at your spine.I'm curious if you've even played the game. At that part in the level, I am required to go and ""search"" the bodies of the officers I kill. What is the point of me climbing up to some pre-made ""nest"" to kill the officers if I only have to go down there and rub my fingers on their uniforms? It's pointless and a waste of time. The main appeal to the game is a ""sandbox"" approach the missions..."
76561198217414625,Recommended,238090,32261583,Posted: 7 June,all,VILark,Bought it to shoot testicles.
,Recommended,238090,17004620,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Syntax Error,"A solid entry into the Sniper Elite franchise, Sniper Elite 3 takes the mechanics from Sniper Elite V2 and uses them in better ways.  You play the role of a sniper working with the British military in North Africa during the Second World War.  Really, you're equal parts sniper and spy as your missions have you single-handedly infiltrating enemy camps and bases as you try to find an infamous German general and piece together a plot involving Nazi superweapons.Unlike Sniper Elite V2, the maps in SE3 are much more open and this benefits the game immensely.  Where, in V2, I often felt as though I spent half the game playing run 'n gun with my submachine gun, in SE3 I probably used my SMG less than five times.  Your silenced pistol will still get a firm workout as you move into positions unseen where you can begin to death upon your foes with your rifle.  This isn't a modern era setting shooter though with super-scopes and giant silencers to turn your shots into whispers.  If you want to avoid a straight up firefight, you'll need to time your shots against background noise from low-flying aircraft or sabotaged generators to prevent the enemy from knowing where you're at.  The game manages a good balance by forcing you to be patient as you line up your shots without making the whole ordeal tedious.  There are some stealth mechanics as well including sight indicators, the ability to hide in shadows, guards locating you via sound, etc.  Much of the game is spent creeping around and avoiding conflict until you're ready to bring swift vengeance from your perch. The famous Sniper Elite X-Ray Kill Cam makes its return, now updated to show your bullet tearing into muscle and severing arteries as well as bone and organs.  Curiously, for all the effort into showing me in graphic detail the damage I'm inflicting, every hit in SE3 is a fatal blow.  Shooting someone in the foot was as fatal as expertly putting a round through an enemy sniper's scope and into his brain [Edit: Higher levels introduce much more frequent ""incapacitating"" or wounding shots versus clean kills].  For those feeling squeamish or just bored watching bullet cams, this feature can be easily adjusted or turned off.I only played through the campaign on the default difficulty [Edit: I've since played through on more difficult settings] which used light ballistics modeling but my understanding is that ballistics on the higher levels remain well done, requiring players to account for bullet drop and wind direction and making rifle characteristics such as scope sway and bullet velocity more important.  It is unfortunate that there are only four weapons in each class (pistol, rifle, SMG) included in the base game.  A wealth of others are available via DLC which, while something of a cash grab, the game redeems itself slightly by including a firing range where you can test fire all the available guns and see which you like before purchasing a weapons pack.The story is nothing special and you won't feel invested in the plot or making sure that you succeed.  The end in particular felt very weak.  However, from a mechanics point of view the game shines and the story is just a contrivance to line up 200m shots and put a bullet through someone's temple as artillery fires in the distance, hiding your presence.  If you enjoyed V2 (or disliked it mainly for its enclosed maps) or if you find yourself playing the sniper in shooters, you'll probably enjoy your run through this title."
76561197997306951,Not Recommended,238090,10965846,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Tobi,"I am a HUGE Fan of S.E. V2 and the following zombie games, but this SE3 is just crud. Get it at 10 bucks, not worth more.-1 why is moving so changed, I mean in V2, where you're mouse moved is where you were pointed, so you could walk sideways and all that, this one, the camera is locked to the mouse while you are not, so Good Luck getting into place to snipe through holes and windows.-2 Where the hell did 'Q-get into cover' go? Now I have to fight with getting too close to objects and suddenly poping out into plain view when I draw my gun?? I can't even shallow snipe over boxes without standing right up, might as well yell ""GO JOE"" while I'm at it.-3 You even ruined stealth kills, I'm all sneak sneak sneak, get into range, press E and I Punch the AI, PUNCH THE AI. where the hell did that come from? and Punching won't even kill them, I'm stuck there in a punch battle, trying to kill him quietly cause I'm out of silencer ammo and he's just yelling away, alerting all the AI and while I await my impending doom to restart a long long save ago, I'm just gonna keep punching the AI and imagining its Rebellion.-4 we're gonna make it more authentic by removing subtitles but we're gonna put GIANT Yellow and Red Circles over the AI's, What happened to 'flying by the seat of your pants' and wondering if that AI spotted you and is now looking for you or is on his normal random path, Oh wait, they don't have random paths eithers, they just walk back and forth doing Exactly the same thing over and over, Even in V2, they would do unexpected things, get called over by others after so long, Change. I shouldn't beable to leave my player in an area, come back an hour later and it still be the same stuff happening.-5 I played on Sniper Elite, first thing, so why all the hints and tips and OH theres a grenade right here, hissing just two meters from your foot, be a good lad and Run Away, Come on? seriously? if someones lucky enough to get a grenade in your sniper nest, why are the creators of this game ruining that little bit of fun letting the player notice it coming into the window or not seeing it and dieing.-6 This was going to be a short list but I'm just too annoyed at buying this crud at even just 30 bucks with the 20% discount, but oh wait, theres' DLC's out right now, and Oh look, better weapons in Multiplayer! Lets throw more money at Rebellion for another BUY TO WIN game. I want to throw up, what happened to Earning your upgrades? unlocking and finding secrets?-7 Not only is the menu and loadout setup nothing like SE V2, or SE:NZA or SE:NZA2, its utterely confusing, you now have slots and carry limits, Oh I can only have two of these, but they are each one in each slot, so I'll change this to that and now I can only have one of these from loadout? Oh you can have more if you pick it up, but if you don't have it in a slot, then you don't get to have it at all.-8 Hold your breath is supposed to Stop gun wobbling, NOPE, not here, its worse wobbling than that song.-9 I could play V2 for days, no end, it was pure fun, can't really think of any complaints other than odd AI's, WHY on gods green earth would you 'improve' Everything, If it ain't broke, DON""T FIX IT. This game I could only stand a few hours before I was too ticked off and plant leaves deflecting my bullets and bullets hitting on the right side of my scope when E-hold your breath was putting the little red dot on the left side of my scope, Oh and don't scope snipe while too close to a box, even though you're standing up in plain view, you're gonna shoot the box thats only two feet high.-10 I don't know if I can stand this game long enough to finish it, going by reviews, thats just a few hours if that, worth of 8 maps, I'm pretty sure they are adding in all the 'chapters' too, Like in V2, you'd get to have like four 'chapters' per map, where places you just cleared would get new inforcements placed back so you'd have to fight your way back through alerted AI cause we all know, even though you cleared all the dead, a whole platoon can't just disappear and not get noticed.-11 If someone asks me if I want to play SE3 or SEV2, I'm gonna play SE:V2 Everytime, sequels in games are supposed to be better than the ones before, unlike movies, though with all the money put into the films, Oh wait, they just used blurred drawings for that, guess they broke the budget on making A&P science class worthy bones and guts, Oh wait, those look worse than they do in V2.-12 Random AI-""Hmm, that generator sounds like gun shots now, and this car just blew up beside me, Oh well, I guess that sun is pretty hot, it must be 2789 bazillion degrees or -15q, I think my code will break If I try to think about that too much, maybe I'll rank up, imagine me *code broken, game crashed, you saved over an hour ago without running into any autosave events even though you killed an entire platoon, 20 trucks and 2 generators*-13 it was much better when you marked someone in V2 where they'd just get a white or red V overhead, now you get glowing white shadows showing you Exactly what someone is doing behind a wall, why not just let someone shoot them in the eye through a flag, drapes, and while they are standing infront of another guy you can't see and alert the whole town, Oh wait, that happened too, Tanks mister gen for masking my sound, even though the guy saw his friends head explode, he knows Exactly where I am cause he was out of range of the sound of the gen, but somehow heard my gun go off and pin pointed my location??-14 If I bought this for a gamestation of any type, I'd be at the store returning this right now. I really dont' know if I can stand to put another hour of fighting to stay behind a box and wondering how they saw me when theres a low brick missing from the middle of the wall and they saw my foots shadow and come running, even though I can throw a grenade infront of them under a truck, blow everything to heck and they won't even go on the alert. Whose got two thumbs and isn't buying anything early from Rebellion again? This Guy!-15 If I want to walk sideways while keeping my eye on this guy, then I want to Walk Sideways and not have my player turn his back to the guy so that when I draw my gun I have to find the Guy in question Again, by which time he's already alerted the town cause he saw my shadow in the shadow I was in.-16 When you pick up a body and run to hide it, thats right, You Run, slowly, but Loudly, so you alert EVERYONE, Unless you hold down the Walk button, L alt for me, but theres no hint or guide for that, You just have to figure out you're running slowing and wondering why everyone can hear you Walk Hard.-17 When you find two AI's in each others body, no not that way. Don't shoot them in the head, my bullet headshoted one, but completely missed the other, even though their heads took up the Exact same space! no two for one here, Like shooting fish in a barrel but noone said the barrel was a bottomless well.-18 I really dislike this game, I'm only writing all this out Because of how Great SE:V2 is and will always be, Reb didn't even try to stick to what worked in V2, I can only guess that some new guys were at the water hole and were all ""Dude, lets change EVERYTHING so peps know this game is fresh and hip and made by different peps that know the public are just sheep that'll buy anything with a following"", I seriously hope this was a different team than SE:V2, I'll be seriously disappoint if its the same team.-19 Daylight Happens, its a new challenge to work with, but why not have spent a little and made options for day and/or night maps, Have trucks running in and out during the day and heavy patrols at night? why was 'fixing' V2 or 'starting anew' even considered? Halo and Soul Reaver went 3+ games and each better than the last, because they listened to the public, found and fixed bugs, and made more and more story with each one while keeping to the lore they started."
76561198324431616,Not Recommended,238090,31042261,Posted: 9 April,all,Toplay4life,It wont work... Im having the same problems as the others. Crashes every few min... it really sucks.
76561197990765563,Not Recommended,238090,10977448,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Frank Grimes,"My game is broken. My bullets come from my forehead, knees and just about eveywhere else except the barrel. The kill cam also seems broken - glitchy and just plain borked. The game is also lacking in content - 4 rifles? 2 coop maps? Stuff that should have been included is now DLC. This whole DLC thing is getting out of control. Pretty soon games will come with one gun, one map and everything else will be DLC. I'm taking a stand from this point forward and not supporting this kind of development process any longer."
,Not Recommended,238090,31027267,Posted: 8 April,all,pre-teen warlord,"I get the constant crashes, just like most other people it seems. Stay away from this game. Apparently something broke it a short while ago."
,Not Recommended,238090,17238308,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Del Mingus,"This game just didnt quite do it for me. I enjoyed Sniper Elite 2 but this game almost felt like a step backwards. For one the game tries to push you towards a stealthy approach a lot of the time and sniping takes a backseat. Given sniping is the main draw of this game its an odd development. Another feature is relocating after taking a shot which involves moving a certain distance from where you took your last shot. But its a very exploitable mechanic because you can just shoot an enemy, move away till the rest stop searching and then return to that spot to shoot again. The AI is also really dumb as you can shoot one of them and as long as they dont find you for a couple of minutes will go back to patrolling normally again as if nothing happened. All these negatives add up to a pretty disappointing game.Good Points:- when you are sniping its the most enjoyable part of the game with slow-mo killcams that show the damage your bullet does on an x-ray view of the enemy. It's the most satisfying killcam of any game out there.- Levels are more open now giving you more options in how you approach the levelBad points:- being almost pushed towards stealth instead of going all out with your sniper rifle especially when non-sniping combat in this game is terrible- terrible AI with enemies who'll resuming walking around normally even though there mate was shot through the head before their eyes just a few minutes before- dull story and predictable levels.-relocation mechanic is a nice idea but can be exploited too easilyOverall i can't really recommend this game. Play the better Sniper Elite 2 instead if you want a sniping fix and which will be cheaper as well."
76561198027994280,Recommended,238090,25558413,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Ismaru,"I'd recommend this game to anyone who is looking for a fun, short sniper experience.Pro'sAwesome looking bullet camera, where you get to see how you hit your target including x-ray vision.Pretty action packedYou can't just camp and win. There's a system where you need to keep switching places after firing your rifle. It's really cool, but has some downsides to it.Really manages to set the tone with the whole desert theme they have going on. I look forward to what they can do with other themes in their future games of the series!A small detail worthy of praise: they didn't use swastikas, rather something they made up themselves. I thought that it was a good solution to not offend anyone and still create an authentic atmosphere (with the different icon showing up in various places).ConsEven on the hardest difficulty, this game proves little challenge.It really boils down to sniping someone, moving out of the 30 (or 50) meter range, and then moving back to get the next target. You have to move, because else the enemy ""figures out"" where you are because of sound. I really liked that (hence it's noted as a pro), but what I really disliked is that you could move back to exactly the same spot as before. It'd be a far greater challenge if you wouldn't be able to use the spot anymore where you last fired. They made the AI seem intelligent... but actually not once you figure out how it works.The sidequests during missons and unlockables mean too little to actually add to the game. There's a silent pistol (the welrod) that you get from the start, but all of the other pistols aren't silent so I ended up never switching pistols for example. At least give the other pistols their own special things too! I also would've loved some cool new outfits, perhaps even different characters (as this person is totally not worked out story-wise out it could've really been any john doe in the main role)Campaign mode is a little short. They really nailed the whole sniper feeling, but the game offers nothing more than that so it's over quickly. I would've liked it better if it wouldn't be all these missions leading up to killing one big guy (minor spoiler:not even with a sniper rifle, that's kind of.. odd wouldn't you say?). I really would've liked it better if each map would have one key figure of the enemy army with their own little backstory and base.The bullet camera for every. single. kill. After seeing it over a hundred times, I ended up turning it off as far as I could via the options. It's definitely cool and all but gets stale quickly if it's used so many times (literally for every single sniper rifle kill)The game often bugs out. This ranges from your screen freezing (but the game still plays, for example i can hear myself shooting), tabbing out by itself without being able to tab back in (also the game still plays), savegames loading a slightly different situation than before, the game just completely quitting to desktop, et cetera. I've played quite a few steam games now, but this one must've been the most buggy of them all. I've had at least one ""game ending bug"" happening per level.Was this review useful to you?Please check out the Izzy Reviews Curator pagefor regular updates on reviews for other games!"
76561198083704215,Not Recommended,238090,11292602,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,dubstepdeejay,"Six DLCs for sale as of right now (July 17th, 2014.)  Game is 3 weeks old; been in development for the better part of 2 years.  See, all of this DLC content could have been included in the actual game without us having to pay $80 for the full experience.I now see who the real Nazis are.  And the Jews."
,Not Recommended,238090,31073112,Posted: 10 April,all,Zeren,"It might be that I'm just really bad at stealth in this game, but I feel like the enemy figures out exactly where you are far too easily.  Trying to remain unseen is a fools errand and going in guns blazing is suicide.  I couldn't find a happy middle ground and that left me feeling frustrated instead of being able to enjoy shooting the balls off nazis."
,Not Recommended,238090,20650865,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Sala,"I dont know if they fired everyone from the studio after Sniper elite v2 but this game feels like it wasnt even developed by the same team.-Still buggy, like there are times when your rifle simply wont fire.-Repetitive as ♥♥♥♥-Story is as generic as a story can be. Prob took 2 min. to write.-I dont even know why this game is called sniper elite, this is more like a ♥♥♥♥ed up splinter cell. You only use your rifle about 30% of the time, the rest is the welrod. You spend most of your playtime in close quarters, sneaking around meleeing enemies.The game is just ISNT set up to play as an actual sniping game. If you want to go realistic and turn off tactical assistance, you will realize the game wasnt made to work like that. It is barely possible to play it that way. A lot of the time I got so frustrated and bored I whipped out the ♥♥♥♥ing mp4 and mowed down the nazies, and running around the map liek some cod multiplayer match, and it GOT THE JOB DONE FASTER AND BETTER THAN IF I HAD TOOK THE STEALTH APPROACH.In a sniping game that should NOT happen!A waste of 10 euros...."
,Not Recommended,238090,18537492,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,ICeD,"I was hoping that this game would be similar to the Sniper Elite V2 but it ended up being a disappointment. At least for me, it seemed to be Sneaker Elite Welrod Edition rather than Sniper Elite because of the relocate indicator and I didn't feel like running trough half of the map in order to make another shot undetected.  And when you actually had a chance to make silent shots, you didn't really want to use them because they felt so scripted. For instance, in V2 you shot during mortars to hide your shots but in Sniper Elite 3 you masked them by breaking a conviently placed generator. It felt rather strange that they made it be a stealthier game without adding more effective ways of doing it that way.And this gets me to the second point which is that the atmosphere was flat. Nothing really seemed to matter and surroundings didn't feel like they belonged in a Sniper Elite game. Also the story was extremely vague and the ending was anticlimatic. You were just given some orders and then you went on to complete them. It actually seemed more like a group of separate missions than a game with a story. Then there were a lot of issues while playing the campaign with a friend. It kept on disconnecting from the game even though both had no connection issues whatsoever. And what's worse, it made you go through the same mission from the start everytime it did this.Also the price of 45,99 € is waaaay too much for this game, I wouldn't buy it for more than 10 € especially since it takes you about 7-8 hours to finish the game. All in all, I can't recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,238090,12305777,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Ecollector,"What a massive let down, after playing sniper v2 for 18 hours, I would have thought that the problems from that game would be fixed in this one, not only have they not been fixed but some more problems has arisen. firstly with The AI, somehow they are even more stupid in this game than the ones in v2, when a shot was fired in v2, the AI would become aware and stay aware, they would not settle down until they found you, with this one, if a solder simply cannot find you in the area where the shot came from, he will go about his normal business, i understand that it would make the game more challenging, but all I ask is for this to be an option.Another more obvious problem is a lack of content, only 4 sniper rifles in the entire game? really? but little did I know that there was DLC, if you wanted more sniper rifles, then you had to cough up some cash, £2.99 for a weapon pack, that includes a sniper rifle, a side arm and a machine gun or trench gun, but lets face it, all your really buying is the sniper rifle, as this is the weapon you will use 80% of the game.Apart from better textures, animations and slighly bigger maps, the game itself is just lazily put together, many people are saying it is at least better than v2, but I would disagree, with a setting like Africa, fighting along side the british and common wealth, you would exept a different, maybe more interesting character to play as, but NOPE, boring american stereotype it is then, could have played as a british sniper, or a french legionaire♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off at the nazi's for invading his home land, or an australian sniper fighting in the common wealth army, imagine how fun the game would be if you got to play the sniper from tf2, but as usual, we are given the same boring, american 'badass'. In some games the american stereo type works, such as star craft 2, tf2, uncharted, etc.My final thoughts on the game is that it is definetly not worth the 39.99 price they have put on it, I bought it for 26.76 in a steam sale and I still feel robbed, with the lack of content and bug fixes, I do not consider this a game worth buying.3/10 :("
76561198010771428,Not Recommended,238090,11987119,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,[13th]CaptEdster,"Quite a few improvements over the previous game. Improved Stealth mechanics, maps are much larger and wide open which is great for you long range marksman ;).One of the major downsides though is how dependant on DLC it is. If you want to unlock more than the 3-4 rifles they give you you're gonna have to shell out some cash.Multiplayer isn't very crowded, but that's not too much of an issue for me as Ive always been in it for the single player and coop.Would I suggest buying this game at it's current price? Hell no.If it ever goes on sale for 50-75% off then it's definetley worth looking into, but as it currently stands it's nto worth the 50 dollar price tag."
76561198006891522,Not Recommended,238090,14897419,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Pow,"Game does not live up to the hype, the price, or the title. Should be called ""Pistol Elite III"", because you are going to spend most of your time with that beautifully modelled sniper rifle slung on your back, while you sneak around with a silenced pistol shooting drone AI in the back of the head from 20 feet. Alternately, you can have even less fun with the ""takedown"" mechanic, aka sneak up on the guy and stab him. How sneaking around head-shotting people with a pistol and stabbing guys in the back came to be the dominant mechanics in a ""sniper"" game is rather beyond my ability to comprehend, but there it is, for what it's worth, which is approximately nothing.I've only played on authentic level so I don't know about all the aids, but I will say that the developers have made a decent attempt at recreating real-world ballistic physics. It is not perfect, by any means, and seems to incorporate some random elements that are difficult to explain and rather puzzling. I can see that weapon ranges, bullet drop etc have had to be scaled to fit the rather puny maps, because consoles could never handle the size of maps that would be necessary in order to accomodate realistic weapon ranges.Yes, it's very DLC heavy. I bought it on some super sale and got the whole works relatively cheaply, and still feel ripped off. Either way, you shouldnt be paying extra to get a few decent rifles in what is trying to pass itself off as a sniper game. Smells like a money grab when content that should have shipped with the game comes out as day one DLC.There are other oddities that make this game much less than it appears to be. I've often shot guys square in the chest with a high-powered sniper rifle, seen the blood fly, and a few seconds later, they shake it off like a wet dog and they are good to go. I'm not sure what that's all about, but you'd think getting shot in the chest would actually hurt at least a little bit, or at least knock the wind out of a guy. Also questionable are such things as knocking out a Tiger tank by shooting it in the muffler with a rifle, but whatever.The developer appears to have abandoned this game already, probably out of embarrassment, so don't count on any tech support or answers to your emails. ( see forum post Random Crashing)In summary, it's a great looking game, the weapons are beautifully modelled, the story and main character are bland, generic, uninspired and totally cheesy, the ""open-world"" consists of two-or-three rails instead of just one, the maps are tiny and constricted, I could go on. The bottom line is that this game fails absolutely in delivering the goods as far as being a sniper game. It's a generic rail stealth shooter where you get to use a sniper rifle once in a while, and then run away, oh I mean ""relocate"". Entirely underwhelming game experience, major disappointment, regret buying.I give it one star, based on the very detailed graphics. If ReBillion would like more stars for this game additonal stars can be purchased on my store page for $9.99 each."
,Recommended,238090,23453016,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Curiosity :>,"So, after completing the story over 40 times (atleast), reaching lvl50 ingame and getting every single achievement on the game I can savely say that this game is probably the best follow up after Sniper Elite 2 that a gamer could've hoped for. Although the game has some issues of it's own, which haven't been fixed even though the game has been ""live"" for almost 2 years now. The controls are smooth and easy to understand and remember and the story gives you a good allround vision on where the story is leading to. I sincerely do think the ending was superb and interesting, since well let's be honest... no one expected the Ratte to be real right?Also  a plus was the co-op options for both co-op missions and campain itself, this makes for a very fun time with friends and ads to the game value. Although I do think the game is slightly overpriced at the moment (€45,99) I would say buy it if you can. But remember you need to have the season pass to have the full experience. Otherwise you'll struggle alot stealthing the game on higher difficulties. Beside that the season pass offers you extra missions and alot of new weapons. Which is totally worth it.Well that's it I guess, I recommend this game for any lover of 3th person shooters with awesome bullet mechanics (slow-motion) and great overall gameplay & experience.I'm sorry if my english isn't perfect, I'm not a native english speaker."
,Recommended,238090,10865767,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Carrythxd,"Well I have been playing the game for a while now and there is some things that I like and things that I don't like.The graphics look really nice and so does the maps, all the effects are amazing too, the game can be played completely using only stealth (silenced pistol, stealth takedowns) and the AI is actually smart and the game seems to have a very interesting story. I also really like the menu that you can open by pressing Q, it makes getting different equipment a lot easier.The rifle customization is also a really nice feature, you can change the scope, barrel, stock & action on your rifle in the Loadout menu.However, they haven't added any new weapons to the game or that much new equipment (if I remember correctly SEV2 didn't have med packs & bandages) but I'd say those are pretty small things compared to how much good things there are in this game.It's a really great game and I really recommend getting it!"
,Recommended,238090,14737900,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,`ƁĪƓƓǛǸŜ57＇,"What's not to like .  Enjoyed all 119 hours of game play from the missions ,multiplayer ,Co-Op ,weapons  upgrades and storyline . Everything I thought it would be for stealth and sniping  .Bought it on sale for $24.00 including all DLC's  and worth very dollar  .  From the time I started playing never stopped and put all my Steam time into this game to reach 100% completion.  I consider myself a sniper in battle games by trade and would recommend this to anyone  who is fanatic about stealth, sniping and sniper rifles. The X-ray cam is awesome and settings can be adjusted to limit the amount of gore you want to see to  none if desired. Four skill levels makes it nice for the novice to expert.The 'Authentic' skill will be challenging as there are no save points ,saving games, loading or checkpoints. So any time you die you start the mission over from the beginning no matter how close to the end you are. Did I mention how much I loved playing this game !!?"
76561198019346458,Not Recommended,238090,17643869,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Vulcan,"I don't support  Rebellion studios anymore for what they are to trying to do to the studio which created Sins of a Solar Empire:Rebellion. Go read about it. Their monsters, basically known as trademark hawkinghttp://www.pcgamer.com/sins-of-a-solar-empire-studio-speaks-out-against-new-rebellion-legal-action/*Edit* I've been getting some comments about them just trying to protect their trademark. Let me clarify: This is not what their doing. Their trying to trademark the english WORD rebellion, and then going out of their way to sue any other company using the word rebellion in their game title. So with sins of a solar empire:rebellion, Rebellion studios ordered the studio who created(SINS) to retract all sold copies and rectify them/change the lore, based on the fact that the smaller studio was trying to trick customers into buying their product by welching off the name of a bigger company (short and sweet). Rebellion studios and the two brothers who own it knew full well (as became apparent in the ensuing court case) that this was simply not true, and Ironclad tried to civilly sort things out at first, but Rebellion went ahead and immediately sued, with the goal of sinking Ironclad into bankruptcy. Ironclad managed to win the case (And Rebellion had to recompense Ironclad for the legal costs of a clearly ridiculous case) and in a good spirit did not publicly ostracize Rebellion for it. But now Rebellion are launching new cases against Ironclad the world over, despite there being no threat on their trademark, and making their intentions clear...*deep breath* All I can say is, do some research into trademark hawking, what it is, clear cut cases of it, and what it's doing to the games industry (Particularly indy developers)...otherwise:Haters gonna hate.As for this game, well, let me put it this way...You won't be doing a whole lotta sniping. The best part of the game is the multiplayer, but here goes:The sniping (and ballistics): Roughly 3/4 of the game you will spend in close quarter combat (within 30m), and most of your kills will be with your smg. You can take the initiative to locate a good sniping spot, but to get there usually requires eliminating most of the guards (or spending a good half hour 'sneaking around', which sounds fun and tactiful, but becomes incredibly monotonous and repetitive. As for the actual shooting, it's almost laughable. Even firing at a target 50m away can be difficult, as a moderate wind can displace the bullet by up to half a metre (Note I said moderate wind, not even strong. But apparently they think moderate winds are so powerful they'd blow you off a CLIFF, which is how strong they'd have to be to affect a bullet like they do in this game), leading to some incredibly frustrating moments when you miss a perfectly easy shot (To anyone whose fired a gun before, you know just how stupid the shooting mechanic is). Long story short, I was hoping for an excellent sniping shooter with the as-advertised highly advanced, realistic bullet mechanics.This is not what Sniper Elite is.Instead, you have a mediocre shooter which has a majority of close quarter combat and some ranged, incredibly exaggerated bullet balistics. Upping the difficulty doesn't make the a.i. more intelligent, or change the scenarios or patrols. Rebellion were lazy and rather than making more difficult scenarios simply changed the 'wind' factor to ridiculous levels...Once you fire, most enemies within several hundred metres instantly know where you are and swarm to your location, nullifying all your hard work anyway.At which point, the game stagnates into a run-and-gun, duck and cover shooter, like for example, Gears of War. It's at this point most players figure out the best thing to do is ditch your sniper and just start shooting everything that moves with your smg. And it's a much more consistent shooter (Also, turns out a full auto smg hits stuff better than the rifles at 50m, who knew, eh?)Stealth is an option, it's just not fun to play (Even with the traps), or tactfully sound. It's just plain frustrating because of the BAD game mechanics."
76561197998028186,Not Recommended,238090,30462088,Posted: 11 March,all,MajesticGroundhog,"So, I bought this game years ago.. *crash*.... and played the first couple mission.  *crash*  Came back to it recently, hoping to fin..*crash*.. ish it up.  Imagine my *crash* surprise when it will no longer work as it did.  *crash*  It now has a really annoying problem of crashing.  Repeatedly.  Endlessly.  I've scoured the internet, tried every 'this worked for me'.  None of them have worked for me.  Completely, and utterly frustrated with it.  Love the game... when you can get it to work.  Story is.. okay, whatever.  We are only here for the sniping, the stealth, and the abstract thinking of how best to take out this latest base set before us.  It sucks that it's no longer stable... and with Sniper Elite 4 out... does anyone really expect them to come back, and patch this?  Course... I had thoughts of buying 4, but with 3 not working, I'm leery of spending cash on a game that might not work in 3 years.  I mean... god... how old is Mass Effect?  It still works fine on my system... but a 3 year old game crashes more than a drunk redneck in a demolishion derby?  Until I see some posts about a patch.... don't recommend.  Keep your money.  I'll be keeping mine."
,Recommended,238090,23431110,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Marcy2200,"I do like the game but you're kinda forced to buy the season pass. You don't get much when you just buy the game. You get like 4 snipers by default, 4 secondaries and a short campain. Unless this game is on sale which it probably is in the summer sale, Do not waste you're money on this. Buy Sniper Elite V2 instead."
,Not Recommended,238090,31400497,Posted: 27 April,all,Soggy Peach,"If you like crashing, this game is for you! Constant runtime errors.It feels clunky. I think this is the last Sniper Elite i'll be buying."
,Recommended,238090,32515208,Posted: 17 June,all,dayvan,"I've enjoyed the 2nd game so I bought the 3rd as well. And I don't regret it. Obviously this is not a groundbeaking AAA title. Pretty straightforward and the mechanics are clear. The story is also generic, just there to lead the gameplay, nothing else. Yet the game is really enjoyable. And not just in single player. There is coop, multiplayer, and challenges. So it's fun.There are negativites tho. First of all the stealth vs rambo shooting problem is still in the game. Sometimes it's just easier to start shooting and run over the enemy than bothering with stealth. The takes away a little bit from the game. Also single player is really really short. The maps are nice (both in design and visual) but the missions are really short. Took me 6 hours to finish the game playing 50/50 stealth and running-shooting.I'm planning to buy the 4th game as well. Didn't read anything about it but I hope the story is better and much much longer. That alone would make the game 10x better."
,Not Recommended,238090,27876690,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Runga Meid,Once you get past the excitement of watching people's heads explode there's not a lot left. Customising your inventory before each mission has minimal effect. AI switches between mercury addled simpleton and omniscient ninja tracker. Storyline is flimsy and includes cringe-inducing hackneyed dialog. There's not much that makes each map or objective stand out from any another.Entertaining as a time filler.
,Not Recommended,238090,30986890,Posted: 6 April,all,Pig honey,"poorly made game, lots of bugs caused me to restart entire missions at various levels"
,Recommended,238090,28197555,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Manchester VLG,"Every Sniper Elite game is better than the last, they always get improved with better gameplay and graphics. However it has quite a few flaws and broken mechanics.The Stealth: The enemies have the eye-sight of moles and the hearing of a whale. An example on how poor the stealth can be is on one of the levels your in a bunker underground and enemies are above you, yet if you run down there they get curious and go down there.The Story: As usual with every Sniper Elite game they have the creativity of a potato and are sadly far too short!Gameplay: It is decent and fun but can become repetitive quickly but I still enjoyed it all the way through.All in all it isn't a bad game but none of the Sniper Elite games are worth their full price, wait for a sale."
,Not Recommended,238090,14370821,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Angarvin,"Controls are very loose. It feels like you're 90 and are trying to control your bowel.Sounds assets are poor. You somehow make less noise while sprinting. And your rifle shots sound like you're firing pak 88.Models of some walls and fences are bigger than the actual textures therefore you sometimes shoot and think you should hit the target but the bullet goes into the wall in front of you.Camera is simply horrible and often won't allow you to shoot not to mention that it's behind your right shoulder which means that you can't peek corner left without taking damage.Cooperative is unstable - you suffer from desync, delay and disconnects.Buying a game without season pass means that you'll be stuck with a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ rifle during the whole campaign and chances are - even after finishing it still won't have anything decent.Campaign missions are poorly made and you will suffer from enemies spawning right in front of you and behind your back. Allied AI in the one of the missions literally makes you wait three times for several minutes just standing still and not progressing while nothing happens.Every single SMG in the game is a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥with insane spread and non existing damage rendering a secondary weapon effectively useless and turning it into just a decoration on your back. SMG spread in this game is so huge, you need to name it Dumbo.Apparently shooting someone in the balls is a good thing in this game. You get an achievement for that. That's just not cool. It's simply wrong.P.S.: I played through the whole thing. If you look at my achievements you can see that. Have no clue why it says that I played only 32 minutes."
,Not Recommended,238090,17319194,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,DrRetard,"The only thing fun about this game is the gimmick that gets you to buy it, watching bones shatter. When a bullet hits an enemy you see it pass through, hit bones, all that good stuff... The rest of the game is about sneaking through mundane environments and blowing up trucks. I wouldn't buy this unless it's heavily discounted."
,Recommended,238090,31467121,Posted: 30 April,all,Ümstad Crott,Zombie Army Trilogy = Kill Zombie HitlerSniper Elite 2 = Kill HitlerSniper Elite 3 = Kill HitlerSniper Elite 4 = Kill HitlerSniper Elite 5=(i guess kill hitler again).....Sniper Elite 23=(Guess what? Kill Hitler again)
,Not Recommended,238090,30453448,Posted: 11 March,all,sniper_at,Game became unplayable as of about 3 weeks ago - crashes immediately at startup. No changes were made to my hardware/software. Not recommended.
,Recommended,238090,32343088,Posted: 11 June,all,Boltte,"Short VersionExcellent, Awwoa, that bullet cam is sexy as hell!Long VersionSo the story takes off where Sniper Elite V2 leaves and you're now in Africa! ...I think....As usual, you play as the same elite sniper dude, sniping enemies and enjoying that glorious bullet cam....too bad there is no 50 cal sniper rifle because I would really like to see a bullet cam of that in action! The main aspect of this game is to *stealthly* win your missions, and not rambo it.....hahahahaha ...especailly on authentic difficulty where rambo is not really ideal unless you're a good shot and have quick triggers around every corner and side.... And of course there are optional objectives you can fullfill to get the most enjoyment out of the game, such as silently kill your enemies or and collecting the collectables like war diaries...Graphics, well I can definitely say it looks rather pretty! Everything on maximum(except motion blur and v-sync and a couple of greyed out options, presumably for AMD cards...) @ 1080p144. Made my two 770s work pretty hard to keep those frames up, even had to run the game with a custom curve (gotta get them curves! ☺) and even then, I was still hitting the thermal limits of my top card! Yes, the game runs well with SLi setup. FPS average is around 60 to 90 with those settings, otherwise turning off SSAA helps keep the frames above 144 which is needed for a smooth experience since I have a 144hz monitor. Though, that with either G-sync or and V-sync helps eliminate screen tearing.I'll get back to you on the audio section, but I'm gonna take a wild stab (as I can't see the monitor whilst the game is running and there's no windowed option for it to run it in windowed mode) and say this game supports surround sound(just not sure on the exact channel output) quite well, you can hear planes zooming pass by, bullets coming from the behind....ahhhhhh.......There's an option to run in windoed mode that I missed and also the game appears to be in 7.1 wide format, the center channel is used for surround as well as the other four speakers, voice is mainly coming from the front speakers and ambient and other environmental sounds come from other speakers for the surround effect.No issues or bugs that I've come across that are game breaking, which is good - Rebellion has made a bug free game!I spoke too soon, there IS a bug/issue, at least regarding mission 5 where one of the optional objectives is to climb up onto the scafolding and then wait for the three officers to come out but then when I get to the top and a cut scene comes out, the officer is then spooked and alerted!? Aha - I've kinda found a way around it, have a read of mythread....Woooo....though, there are a few glitches, minor graphical glitches, and I think at times the AI clip into each other as is shown in one of my screenies...Coop definitely works which is a new change from the previous installment and this time you can work with a partner to take down the enemy! Ooh, I do have a suggestion and that is if you're in coop mode, when the cinematic/cutscenes come on, how come only the main player is seen? Where's the second player in all this? It's as if they didn't exist!No comment on the multiplayer aspect of it as I've not yet played it.An insteresting aspect of the game that is a new addition to this over V2 is that it's got a loadout section where you can specify a loadout which I like. In said loadout menu, you can also specify which weapons you want and in any combinations too, I also like how you can customize your weapons and it even shows you a visualization bar to tell you how much it's improved over the base gun or how much it's worse by over the base gun dpending on which mods you add to it. You can also compare weapon stats which is nice for those who wanna visualize these things or and not much of a gun nut to know that this gun irl, *should* be stronger than this gun or that this gun has less recoil than the other irl, without knowing all the facts that some gamers just can't be bothered getting into all those little details externally.But yeah.....so I liked the game and it gets the thumbs up from me! ☺=====================================Played on ""The Beast""i7-3970x, 64GB RAM, SLi Geforce GTX 770s (4GB VRAM ones, driver version 375.95), Win7 x64 Pro, 4x SSDs, 2x HDDs, Rampage IV Extreme, X-Fi Titanium Fatal1ty Pro, custom water loop, 2x BD-drives, TJ07-BW, 850W PSU, and many fans"
76561198176025711,Recommended,238090,25763925,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,ϟϟShadow Chaparuϟϟ™,The game is in my opinion the best of the entire series.Pros:-Freedom of action-Variety of weapons of those times-Norm plot-Stealth also rules-XreyGraphicsCons:-A small main company-Bugs-Interesting mission for money
76561198077872538,Recommended,238090,32703977,Posted: 23 June,all,Arthur king of the Britons,i made Hitler's testicles explodehe did nazi it comming.
76561197972401145,Recommended,238090,33155882,Posted: 2 July,all,RasaNova,"There are better shooters out there.There are better stealth games out there.The X-Ray kill cam gets gimmicky and repetative after a while.The three speaking characters are bland.The story is non existant.The finale is uninspiring.But... Sometimes after a long miserable day at work, it's nice to just come home and explode some skulls from 600 yards away.I got it on sale for 6 bucks, and the gameplay was enough to keep me going til the end. No regrets."
,Recommended,238090,28101045,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Zombient,"This game isn't great. Good, but not great.I feel like the 2nd one had more work put into it. The Zombie ones are by far the best.The Good+Graphics aren't bad+X-ray is pretty cool+Killin' Nazi'sThe Bad-The AI isn't very smart at all-Too many times I find out that I can't shoot though invisible walls-Gun customization seems almost pointless. I.E. Why upgrade my gun for better damage but lose accuracy and gain recoil when I'm getting 1 shot headshots to begin with?-Pretty short game.-Ending was incredibly underwhelming.Overall RatingI'd give it a 6/10. Worth buying on a Steam sale. Not worth $49.99 new."
,Not Recommended,238090,16611568,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Butthole Man #7,"After playing and absolutely loving Sniper Elite V2, I decided to purchase the 3rd installment in the series only to be disappointed by the fact that all of the maps have been scaled down to CoD esque sizes with ballistics that make me feel like I'm shooting at nazis with a slingshot. The cover system works fine, the pistols are going to be your main weapons, and there's a giant pay wall just for some guns that you could just unlock in V2. It's called SNIPER Elite 3, but considering any distance beyond 100m is going to be blocked off by countless walls and weak AI, you can't even treat the game with any careful marksmanship. Overall I find this a very bland experience that just sucks the money out of your wallet rather than creating an enjoyable experience that you'd actually want to play through."
,Not Recommended,238090,30343798,Posted: 5 March,all,XEVIOUSXENON,"It's been months we tell them that the game crash, they do not care, they are more reactive to sell dlc."
76561198049842118,Not Recommended,238090,11003248,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,]TG[DESERT,"for £40 i would not say thats a good price at all.pro:graphics are much better than in v2.more open areas across maps for different play styles.xray kill camcons:AI are worse than they are in v2 in terms of detection and in general intelligence.you have to use the focus ability on nearly every shot you take because there is no way to steady you're aim without using it so you scope sways like mad no matter you're stance unlike in v2 you could do so.alot of guns and content that should be in the game you have to buy for DLC to use them.customizing options are very lazy and limited.stealth gameplay is very boring, limited, lazy and repetitive with no uniqueness throughout the game just the same all the way through and felt more encourged just to go in gun's blazing or just sniping not being bothered about being detected.main character is boring and underdeveloped.combat I.E the sniping is ineffective at time Example shooting an enemy in areas like the spine or other large areas can sometimes kill them in one go but more often than not it will take 2-3 shoot to kill one bloke.very few maps and levels in campiagn and multipalyer which has very few game modes.to sum up the game:V2 was better in alot of waysgame feels unfinished and Ill thought outeither they released it to early or they just chucked it all together not really trying or taking there time with it to make more fair and better decisions."
,Recommended,238090,12816619,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Blah F.U.B.A.R.,"Well what can i say ive bought the rifles and bought the DLCs and at the moment away to buy more sniper rifles,i love this game i like everything about it only if i had some friends who play it to would be better for the co-op levels not tryed them yet.So the game well if you just want to have fun play it on easy half time you can just take them out with hand to hand combat and a knife.You see am a gamer i dont moan about the normal things.I like a game for its fun and enjoyment and that i get lots of in this game.Survival mode is just fun,but like any game if you want to ramp up the levels and make it harder and believe me it does get harder then your levels take longer to play and you have to use more stealth and tactics.On a closing note i bought this game when it first came out 30 odd pound for it,if you want this game and you get it on STEAM sale grab it.Ive found nothing on this game that makes me think god that rubbish or OH YEY I DONT THINK SO,some of the sniper shots you make during the game you will think are awesum and ive not seen so much blood for a long time,shoot the grenade on there waist belts and watch then exsplode,or exsplosives and take out a group of soldiers.If this is a game you want and watch gameplay and video of it and think god i so want this game,you will not be dissapointed.90 hours gameplay on this game and still going."
76561198044318031,Not Recommended,238090,20185139,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Schwerlin,"Going to be completely honest.  I was super hyped for the game, waited a long while for it to go on sale to buy.  It plays in the style of a one-man-army, you're an elite sniper who infiltrates enemy lines and completes various tasks.My first issue is with the Sniping mechanics. They're sort of only halfway there.  For example, when sniping, you need to take into account bullet drop. Fine.  But you don't need to lead your bullet whatsoever, if someone is sprinting a mile away and you are able to click on them then it is a guarenteed kill. All weapons in the game are hit-scan, meaning the bullets hit their target the instant you click.My second issue are the in-game hints.  There are vaious things in the game that can mask your gunfire.  One of which is  some sort of little generator that is sprinkled throughout the game.   But literally every time I see one, even super late game, my character says ""I bet I can mask my shots if I wait for that thing to make noise"", even if I walk away from it and come back 30 seconds later.The final nail in the coffin is Stability.  I have modern hardware, everything up to date, supported OS ect. But within the first 3 hours of gameplay, I crashed 3 times, losing progress each time.  I've had save files corrupt, Objectives get stuck so that I can't continue with the story. Just seems to have too many problems to be at it's normal pricepoint of $40"
,Recommended,238090,33761727,Posted: 24 July,all,♛ Thrasher ♛,"Realistic physics with wind and gravity turned on in the more challenging modes. Once you get to know your rifle you will be able to shoot accurately. Unlike most games, you do not run endlessly. You character gets tired at 80bpm and your shots become less accurate. Move slowly, crouch, and stay prone to keep your heart rate low.In single player mode you can be a silent assassin with your knife. Hit multiple targets from the snipers nests throughout the map. Opportunities to hit targets at long distances. Setup mines for vehicles and enemies. Or blow up explosives to tear them to pieces.In multiplayer mode you get lots of free maps. Many different modes are possible (co-op, team games, and deathmatches). Stay hidden as much as you can, in the shadows and away from trigger happy team mates.Overall, it is an impressive game. The graphics are spectacular. High definition textures, human-like characters, and particles such as dust and bugs make it all the more realistic."
76561198046808325,Not Recommended,238090,30504911,Posted: 14 March,all,Colonel Burton,"I wish Steam would give you the opportunity to give star ratings. This game wasn't bad. But I decided to not recommend it because it's not what I expected it to be.There is a great deal of  third-person, tactical shooter, stealth video games out there but when watching the ads I thought ""Hey this game looks intelligent enough, maybe it's what I'm looking for"". I should have read the description on the back of the cover, which puts it pretty bluntly:""Stalk the shadows or go loud"".Yup, that's pretty much this ""stealth"" video game in a nutshell. It doesn't matter how you play it. Wanna sneak around headshotting people with a video-game-level-silenced Welrod and choking people? Or do you just wanna run around shooting people? It's your choice, and it doesn't make a difference.Video game developers are putting so much focus on cheesy gameplay mechanics (in this game, you can choose to time your shot to coincide with the sputtering noise from a misfiring electricity generator to ""mask"" the gunshot.. oh my goodness), cheesy one-dimensional hero characters (and trust me, the hero doesn't get anymore boring than Sniper Elite) instead of focussing on what should be at the very core of development of this type of video game: the AI!The bumbling nazi soldiers in this game are an embarassment to history. It is literally the same stupid AI that you got in 1998 with Metal Gear Solid. Granted, the AI was epochal for that time with MGS, but people this is almost 20 years later and soldiers are still getting back to standing around staring into a random direction 60 seconds after being fired upon from a distance of very few meters (though in this game, all you need to do is ""relocate"" a few dozen yards away from your initial position without being seen).The thing is, you don't even have to relocate or wait. You can just take apart an entire nazi base from a good vantage position as long as you make sure all enemy snipers are dealt with first. The enemy snipers are literally the only threat in this game, save for maybe tanks (that can easily be stopped with the massive amount of explosives lying around waiting to be found). You can pick off enemy stormtroopers like you're at a fun shooting range. Sometimes I would cover my exit with a tripwire mine to make sure I didn't get surprised from behind, but the sad fact is most of the time, the nazi soldiers were too stupid to even get close to my position and if they did, I just relocated..In the year 2017, I expect a game like this to have an intelligent AI with enemy soldiers that effectively communicate, coordinate attacks, use routes to advance on my position that make it hard or impossible for me to see them, and don't just constantly stick their head up over a box looking around as if wondering what the hell is going on. When I fire upon enemy targets hiding behind a box, I expect them to scramble for new cover. I expect enemies to deploy smoke grenades to be able to advance on my position. I want a game like this to be a damn challenge."
,Not Recommended,238090,16494649,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Weisskaiser,"First of all- Though I don't recommend this game, I'm not saying that it's BAD. It's just that it's inferior to the game that came before it (Sniper Elite V2). Only get this game if you've already cleared all of V2 and enjoyed it a lot. Otherwise just get V2.Sniper Elite 3 takes the fantastic formula of V2 and adds in a whole load of new features that, frankly, and very unfortunately, ruin it. A whole host of arbitrary features, most of all the thing in which you're given a metre to show how suspicious enemy soldiers are of you, detract from the realism and turn it into a more video game-like experience, and yet at the same time somehow manage to make the game LESS FUN TO PLAY. The stages being larger and more sprawling starts off sounding like a good idea since this is a sniper game and all, but despite this being in The Middle of Nowhere, Africa, they consist mostly of what boils down to a bunch of intersecting corridors with the occasional large hall, and the only thing this manages to accomplish is turning stages into a boring, dull drag, due to how they lack any focus on a proper ultimate objective (case in point: The first real stage has you run around doing the exact same thing- Killing officers and checking their bodies- FOUR TIMES IN A ROW, while springing two surprise objectives that are each done in about a minute or two midway through. But none of the assassinations you have to carry out are at all interesting except for the very last surprise objective which isn't even feasible via sniping. The stage doesn't feel like one stage where you go through a checklist of objectives working towards an ultimate goal, but like a series of disjointed objectives sprung on you seemingly at random, as if it were some badly-made open world game). Letting you save wherever you want is nice and all but I would've like checkpoints in addition to that. Also I'm mostly clueless when it comes to hardware stuff so I can't figure out the fine details here, but I ran V2 totally fine with relatively high settings, while this game as a whole performs much less well than V2 (frame skipping and such) even on the lower settings. Also the kill cams don't seem to be as good as V2's, especially in the headshots, where the bone fragments seem to freeze in place connected to enemies' bodies so that they all move frozen together when the enemies twist around in slow motion. Oh, and do note that when it comes to weapons and such they actually cut down on the amount of content compared to V2, and turned it all into paid DLC.I reiterate, as I cannot stress this enough; Only get this game if you've cleared V2 and were still left craving for more, and don't mind if that ""more"" isn't ANYWHERE as good as what you just had. Otherwise just get V2, which is actually a good game."
,Recommended,238090,31377247,Posted: 26 April,all,Lemao,"Literally unplayable with NVIDIA. Don't bother buying it until it's fixed.Edit:since the crashes are fixed I'll take back what I previously said and also change this rather unfair negative rating, to a positive one, considering that I do enjoy the game."
76561198094688049,Not Recommended,238090,20706009,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Crash,Such wonky mechanics. the ballistics are so awkward. its a sniper rifle and you get severe bullet drop at like 50m and when you add wind into the mix as well its just painful.the grenade arcs are just wrong... i threw so many where the arc was through a window but it actually bounced back in and killed me.most of the game is spent crouched trying to reach a sniping spot killing enemies along the way with your silenced pistol and not actually sniping.i really liked the previous game but this is just not a fun game to play.
76561198295816552,Recommended,238090,34309280,Posted: 17 August,all,✪ Wyren ✪,"Finished the story in 7 hours. Longer than Sniper Elite V2 for sure. Season Pass is too short, took me around 1.5 hours.Graphics: 10/10Gameplay: 8.5/10Soundtracks: 7/10Story: 2/10Length: 7/10-There is no story and not addictive+Gameplay is great.-He is extremely slow when he crouchs and climbs.+Enemies are challenging.-It gets repetitive after few hours.+Not waste of time as far as I can tell."
76561198023375161,Not Recommended,238090,11059992,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Sasarious,"It's okay, I guess. I mean, I wasn't expecting much from a game with little to no plot. I rather felt like this game could use more weapons, but it's not so much about the DLC nor the lack of said weapons, it's more of the story that does it in for me. I couldn't feel connected to... I don't even remeber the guy's name- adding to my point and or lack of memory- but I couldn't feel like I could like him persay. Perhaps I'm needing to read his lore myself on some article or something, but I feel as though if this game had cutscenes that intertwined the protagonist more and perhaps even adding more side characters that we could feel connected to, then perhaps this game would be able to compete with major titles. The cutscenes wouldn't even have to be cinematic per se, they're fine how they are. In fact, the art work reminds me of Metal Gear Solid Peace Walker a bit... Maybe that's a bit too generous, but overall it's fine. The gameplay is alright, like I said, what's to expect from a game that comprises itself on the sole purpose of being a multiplayer?Maybe that's my beef with this game, its focus is on multiplayer, which is fine, but aren't their enough out there already? Why pay fifty dollars for a buggy game?Well's that's my opinion over all. I just wish this game could be more stealth based and more story based.----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------TL;DRDon't buy this game if you're expecting hours of riveting story and gameplay."
,Not Recommended,238090,26569232,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,killmess,"Good graphics.Can't finish the story mode, bugs on ""Siwa Oasis - ladder bug"", lots of people have this bug, lookup on internet; the bug is not solved and it seems it will never be.I had to uninstall it and I had to look the rest of the story on video."
,Recommended,238090,20455232,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Medo,"Note: Before reading, just know I'm basically trying to clear up some of the negative reviews on this game. This is purely an opinion from a person who has played this game. If you feel differently, then that's fine.--Reading a lot of the reviews, people say Sinper Elite V2 was better than Sniper Elite 3, Personally, I've never played Sniper Elite V2, and nor do I wanna get a game that is that old, as the multiplayer might be taken off soon (not worth the money spent server side) or other reasons. That's why I went for the more recent game in the franchise, Sniper Elite 3.Since I've gotten it, I love it. I don't see any issues with it, and since I don't know how ""great"" Sniper Elite V2 was, I'm really not missing out on anything, if there's anything to even miss.Another concern people have expressed is that this game is less... sniping? Looking at some gameplay videos from both games, then actually playing Sniper Elite 3, I don't see why this is a concern. Sure you sometimes have to rely on your secondary, or performing stealth kills, but you sure as heck can go around and snipe. What's stopping you from doing that? Personally, I love the mix of stealth kills, sniping kills, and sometimes having to switch to a secondary or pistol when in a rough situation. Isn't that a step in the right direction? I more realistic approach on combat? I see no problems with what the company did, and I support the new approach.People also have said that Sniper Elite 3 is just Sinper Elite V2 but with bug fixes. If that's the case, then that is a good point. They could have just fixed the old game BUT you have to take into account this is a company, and they need to make money. However they do that isn't your decision to say. They felt it would be better to spend their efforts into a new game as opposed to fixing an old game, which is fair. Sure they could've saved their customers some money by upgrading the old game, but in turn they would lose money. Doesn't make sense in their eyes.--Overall, I think this game is a great game if you want to snipe, play stealth and take your time to think out the best plan of attack. If you want to just jump in guns blazing, you might want to reconsider which game franchise you want to play. This game is one of the best, and most realistic, sniper/stealth games out there, and I don't think you'll find much better.If you find this game on sale, then it's a steal. I can see people justifying a $55 price point, so anything lower is a great deal.--Again, this is just MY opinion on the game, and I hope it helps some people out when/if they are deciding to get this game.Have a great day!"
,Recommended,238090,12071611,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Enstage,"Ok, so I started playing this game the day it came out, sadly I only have 12 hours today since I have been quite distracted. But, I have had a chance to complete the campaign mode and give multiplayer a shot, both just as enjoying as the other, with a different set of skills requires for each.First off, I would like to go over the campaign mode. When I first loaded the game I imediately noticed a great improvement from Sniper Elite v2 - the graphics were clearer with amazingly detailed shadows and characters. After a few minutes of playing it was very apparent that this was a completely different game to Sniper Elite v2, the world is extremely open with different ways to complete every task; this is in contrast to Sniper Elite v2's linear story line with very limited options complete a task. I think the implementation of optional objectives and collectables greatly enhanced the overall experience.Moving on to multiplayer, once again, a whole new take on the v2 multiplayer mode. You can actually talk to people and the maps are much more expansive allowing for more sniping and less traps and MP 40's. also, the introduction of more multiplayer objectives has really caused the game to be more playable, in an effort to discover and play them all.On to the negatives, of which there are very few, my first would be some of the co-op mechanics. When playing co-op destroying a tiger tank is a matter of standing on either side as it spins around in circles undecided on who to shoot at. And then only having one of the two-four players in cutscenes.Overall, I would definitely recommended this game to friends, and have actually done so already! The positives of this game greatly outweigh my list of negatives with a vast improvement from Sniper Elite v2 which I imensely enjoyed.Campaign Rating: 9/10Co-Op Rating: 8/10Multiplayer Rating 9.5/10Overall Rating: 9/10"
76561198032045840,Not Recommended,238090,22049856,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,[GDG] Maj. André,"Bought a sniper game, received a stealth / One man army, one."
,Not Recommended,238090,30238311,Posted: 28 February,all,WindyRain0212,should be renamed to Crash Elite 3.
,Recommended,238090,26058136,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,JonathanWhiting13,This game is so good and if you have not played it yet i strongly recomend you do. It has so much content and replay value. The coop looks pretty cool and i look forward to playing it. The multiplayer is also very unique. #XrayKillCams
,Recommended,238090,11770220,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,EagleWatch,"If you're looking for an objective review, don't read this.Coming from a die-hard fan of the Sniper Elite series, this is what is outstanding in this one.- Wide-open maps, with side-objectives on the way through- Lots of collectables for the lurking treasure hunter in you- Health system, need bandages and medkits to heal (in V2 it was CoD style)- Weapons now have stats- Immense amount of DLC, but it's worth every penny- Lots of tactical assistance to help you being stealthy- Really challenging Authentic Difficulty- Overwatch and Survival mode are back, coop or solo.- You can play Coop on the DLC missions now (not possible in V2)- Dedicated servers for multiplayer, gameplays are enjoyable and hard- You can customize your weapons to your taste- Up to 4 loadouts for you to customize, being ready for every situation- Bullet Cam shows broken scope with successfull shot on enemy snipers (needs surgical accuracy).- EXPLOSIONSAND the immensely satisfying bullet cam, revamped for vehicles and explosives as well.Oh, did I forget to mention that Hitler only has one ball ? Awesome is it ? That is IF you can make the difference between the real Hitler and his double..."
,Not Recommended,238090,30019973,Posted: 18 February,all,put_any_name_here,"The game as for now riddled with bugs and crashes. The coop is literally unplayable on certain missions, three maps out of six me and my friend didn't stood a chance to finish. Memory leaks, random crashes and scripts aren't working.One time I just fell out of the map in a middle of playthrough. And no checkpoint selection in coop whatsoever of course.Looking at all positive reviews.. Makes me think the game wasn't so broken as it now.That is extremely unfortunate 'cause the game brings a lot of fun when it works as supposed to."
76561197978102189,Recommended,238090,11845832,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Jonas,"I got this game at release, and despite my main interest being the co-op mode, I started by playing through it alone. I loved it. Its relocation mechanic makes for a very different kind of stealth, which really comes into its own with the wide open levels that are full of alternative paths, places to hide, and elevated sniper positions. The controls are responsive and the weapons are satisfying.Unfortunately the net code is atrocious. I have been unable to finish most of the levels in co-op because it randomly kicks me or my partner. Not even necessarily when something interesting happens, we'll be in the middle of doing something and the game kicks us both back to the main menu. In very long missions this can be a tremendous waste of time, as we can sometimes play for half an hour before we get kicked, and it won't let us wait for our partner to rejoin or even just load a savegame. ""Maybe it's your connection"", I hear you say. Nope, we were on Skype the whole time and the call never dropped.There are other issues in multiplayer. Sometimes when I start a game in co-op, I have no scope reticle (making sniping somewhat difficult). On one occasion, I was playing the Survival mode and we'd made it to the last round - my friend went down, and when I revived him, he got stuck in spectator mode. His character was just lying there uselessly looking around.If you want to play this game in singleplayer, buy it. It's a fairly long game - 9 missions including the tutorial, but each is easily an hour long, probably more. Worth the asking price for sure. If you're buying it for co-op, give it a miss. You probably won't be able to."
,Recommended,238090,22864806,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Santiago Santiago.,"It's a really fun game, it will get repetitive so I suggest playing in short bursts and with realistic bullet drop. The xray kills are beautiful, the maps are way more open than in the previous one, the ending is VERY disappointing, but there's a lot of fun to be had"
,Recommended,238090,22461479,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Foxysen,"Sniper Elite 3 is yet another installment of Sniper Elite series, a third person shooter about sniper. Which also attempts to look like action-stealth game. Which it kept failing at. But the third time is the charm and it seems that they finally delivered this promise in this one. Came out in 2014, made by Rebellion.It also came out on PS3, PS4, X360 and Xbox One. I don't think that they have anything over PC version, so stick with this one.Multiplayer community is small but living.For 2-player cooperative modes I would get a partner after around 10 minutes of waiting.For competetive part there is always at least 4 full servers of players, which say that it will not die for a while. They play gamemodes that are Team Deathmatch, No Cross and occasional Deathmatch. Sorry, no CTF, Distance King.Just take a note, people seem to play on servers with rules which promote campign sniping hiding style: Any rifle shot instakills, bullets don't drop off (like in easiest setting in single-player) and they often don't allow secondary weapons. I couldn't find any server with players which have full vanilla rules. What a shame, at least I could find some in SEv2.And everybody wears Ghillie Suit, yep.Technically, I had no trouble with game running, though it sometimes would sometimes would stop recognising my mouse at all after alt-tab'ing around.However it does have a few bugs. It seems like AI sometimes is able to see you through the walls or floor. Like, sometimes in level 7, airfield, after I made some mess on the ground and then successfully hid in underground tunnels, I would sometimes hear explosion and then suddenly my location would be found out. Perhaps some glitchy tank still shooting at me, I don't know.Plus, collision of level assets. It's unrefined. Different from the way that object look. Sometimes I was able to pass through an end part of a ruined wall, through bricks. Other times you wonder why your bullets don't pass through above some rock.Checkpoints also sometimes glitch out. Sometimes, after loading, I would see two soldiers inside each other. Yep.And overwatch is wacky, when you reload. Sometimes the sniper player will be back to original spawn and sometimes it will have objective in map that you have already done.Also, yes, this game has some nice customization for difficulty. Don't forget to check game options. You can disable the aim reticle which predict where your shot will land and zoom on empty lung. That, and you can reduce the frequency of X-Ray kill scenes, which happen way too much by default.It's also nice of them that they kept updating game for a while. Gave us one overwatch map, six multiplayer maps and even shooting range where you can also check out DLC weapons!The plot of this game follows our Desert Ghost sniper in his adventures in the desert, being a prequel. Which means all the lush landscape of Africa, warm orange at day and cold blue at night. It sure looks nice, even though it may get old by the end of it. But hey, it's not often used setting.But the plot itself is nothing exciting this time around. It's much less cinematic than SEv2, which will put people off. This game kinda takes itself as just a game. It doesn't try to do much exciting. For most part it's ""ok, here is a map, bai"" and then you move on through it. Ok, maybe there is occasional situation, a tank boss even. But still, most people got dissapointed. Even music doesn't feel as epic. Or at least the awesome music is barely used.And yes, at least this time around developers decided to make it a proper action-stealth. The levels in which you play are sandboxy. The progression thrugh it is still linear, but it's ""wide"", if you get what I mean. So you can do it at your own pace, for most times. Another thing is that whole stealth gameplay was improved and AI changed around to fit into stealth ideas, so not whole map wants to kill you as soon as you make a single shot into air.Now, while you still have various engines spread all over the map which you can kick and then shoot everybody during the loud noise, you got a relocation system. When you make the first noticed shot most enemies will freak, will hide behind cover and start to peek out, not sure where it came from. If you make another shot, then they will figure out your location and launch a group attack. It's not exactly threatening on middle difficulty, but on high it looks pretty coordinated, one group in front of you hiding away while flanking group of soldiers will start to advance to your position from behind. All while throwing grenades sometimes.The thing that you are supposed to do after the first shot is to relocate. That means that you are supposed to move out of your sweet spot outside of the big circle where enemy belives where you are and then you are safe and the whole thing resets. You can still see enemy searching your original destination. The problem is, you can just return to the same original position once you get out of relocation radius. Maybe it could be more interesting if they wouldn't forget previous location, so it wouldn't feel like you exploit the system. Maybe even be interesting how you get less and less space to work at. But oh well.At least with you don't feel restricted when you want to snipe and stay fairly stealthly. Stealthly as in having tactical advantage of enemy not knowing where exactly you are or isn't close enough to do damage before you move away. And yea, nothing stops you form just having fun sniping everything you see, so it's strange that people complain about this. Still free to go full action. Or rather, full sniping with no care.Though you still want to keep Welrod pistol around in single-player while using Luger and revolver in multiplayer, like in SEv2.And dont' forget about multiplayer. First, the whole campaign can be beaten in cooperative mode with a single friend. Enemies are more likely to notice you, but you are more likely to overcome them all. And it's fun and doesn't cut cutscenes out. So awesome.It also still has survival mode, both solo and coop, which is similar to Tally Kill in SEv2. Though there are only two maps, aw. But your objective is to overcome 15 waves of enemies. The fun stuff is that unlike SEv2 this one has action-stealth gameplay working on SE3 standard, which means that relocations still work. I actually think that it showcases the system the best, along with awesome music. Enemies don't even immeditly know where you are, they just randomly and aggresively patrol and storm random buildings before finding you, so you can first tag them up with binocular and then choose the best moment to attack.And it kept the nice overwatch coop, where one person doesn't have sniper rifle, only having pistol, secondary and binoculaur and is the one doing objectives, while player with sniper rifle is providing cover. At least it's the way it does in SEv2 in small maps where the spotter is being ambushed all time. Sadly, it's a gamemode where SE3 system doesn't work well. Maps are sandboxy, you don't get pressured much and sniper is sometimes allowed to move freely, only sometimes being locked. As a result Sniper is easily the main hero, who does the action at effective range, while Spotter can just hide somewhere and only come out once it's all clear to do whatever objective asked, then repeat.Yep, too much freedom there. Also, only three maps too.And then there is competetive multiplayer. It actually feels more like what sniper players want. Well, okay, it's not different from SEv2, and it's mostly because players play on servers with rules that only let you have sniper rifle that kills on shot to any body part, with no bullet gravity drops or such. That, and then again, most maps seems to be designed better. I can't say much, but I enjoyed being careful, under constant paranoia of that somebody noticed my movement.Overall, not strong, but it's good."
,Recommended,238090,32861979,Posted: 27 June,all,Rezurc,"Complaints on V2: Being too much of a corridor-shooter, no way to go stealth, bullet-cam excess.They've all been fixed in Sniper Elite 3. The areas are vast, the gameplay is still similar, but you can actually mask your shots now. You can decide if you want to see the bullet-cam at all or just let it show on every shot. The gore-detail is excellent and highly satisfying. Still not a perfect game, but miles above of what V2 was. Well worth the full price.8/10"
,Not Recommended,238090,19472613,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,marky,"While Sniper Elite 3 isn't a bad game, it feels largely unfinished, especially for a game that sells with a season pass / DLC.Animations on enemies are bugged in that some enemies will appear to be walking but they don't actually moveThe reticle/aim assist dot bugs out sometimes when on enemy headsKill cam animations don't always sync with the soundSometimes the camera can be extremely finnicky, especially with kill camsEnemies are extremely dumbMy biggest gripe with this game is it's unwillingness to reward players for playing the game completely stealthy. I've done missions where I've never alerted a guard, stayed completely hidden, slowly taking out enemies without arousing suspicion only to not be rewarded in a manner that fits the time spent playing the game that way. I feel like this would have added tremendously to the game had they rewarded players more for stealth play.The killcams can be amusing but they can also be a bit much sometimes. Around the 3rd mission I found myself skipping a lot of them unless there was a real good kill that was worth watching.The game does a good job at letting you plot ways to take out enemies. I honestly really enjoyed that a lot about this game. For instance, I could set a trap on the road for a truck to drive over, thus exploding the truck. The enemies nearby will be alerted and go to investigate and slowly walk into a tripmine, blowing up 2 enemies. Another enemy notices (in a particular area I don't have a clear shot in) and will approach the explosion in an area where I have a clear shot.Overall, the game isn't bad but it's not worth more than maybe $10 with the bugs currently in the game."
,Not Recommended,238090,16189918,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Brillow,"The game looks nice and may work properly in singleplayer, but the coop feels like an afterthought. When you shoot someone and get a kill animation the victim dies AFTER the animation, so your coop-partner is shooting him and wondering why his bullets won't hit. And no, you can't turn the animations off.Other annoyances:bullet penetration is weird (you can shoot through some walls, but not through flags)the secondary weapons are completely useless (except for the panzerschreck), even with every bullet hitting you still need about 10 hitseven the hardest difficulty level ""authentic"" is not that hard (you even get a sound when someone detects you)the positional audio of people speaking is useless, since it is almost always wrong and you hear people nearby who are at the other end of the mapwind feels like it's just some random number and direction, the sorroundings don't have anything to do with itConclusion:If you can get it for cheap and don't care about it coop, it may be some fun otherwise I would recommend against buying it."
,Not Recommended,238090,15461368,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Ø,"Just so so many game ruining bugs, edges of walls, so even though you can see target thorugh scope, wont mean its actualy a hit.welrod shot to neck can just pass though (not count as a kill) even though they flinch.Mission failing bugs with objectives failing before you even start.Getting detected although no one has seen you (yellow ring or red), also have not shot.Go buy sniper elite V2"
76561197964253268,Not Recommended,238090,31422612,Posted: 28 April,all,{AV} Serious_IRL,"Still crashing hard as of April 28, 2017.  All the latest drivers and sli and non-sli tested.Too bad as it did look fun for the 15 or so minutes it did run.Running this on an high-end rig and it continually crashes, at random points, after intro mission."
,Recommended,238090,22400473,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Steven Seagal,"Let's get something straight first: don't buy this game, unless it is cheap, like 80% off. The price is WAY too high for a game that has maybe 12 hours of gameplay.With 12 hours of gameplay i mean it is intense, fun and you really fit your role as a sniper. Taking down enemy snipers, preparing ambushes, you have dozen ways to get the job done. I played the game with no rush, basically sneaking all the time, making sure i was on a low profile the entire playthrough.The complete game is made around you: the ways of completing your objective are already planned, that there would be no surprise to you, which means this game is REALLY easy. It can be a bad or a good thing.I finished the game on the second most hardest difficulty, and i still don't know why it is called 'Sniper Elite'. It's all as easy as the lowest difficulty, if you are playing sneaky.The stealth system works like a clock; you kill, hide, sneak, kill. And adding the 'melee takedown' to your arsenal of skills, means that you don't have to carry a suppresed sidearm with you, unlikely to Sniper Elite V2. This means you can FINALLY use different pistols.Buying the Season Pass with this game is highly recomended. Giving you new snipers, and even camouflages, it also adds in new singleplayer maps.I recommend this game if you want to check out the singleplayer. Play this game thoroughly, there are many places where you might not come if you don't explore.There is nothing wrong with this game, really a basic fun game where even i was hooked to the stroyline."
76561198015062701,Recommended,238090,12473269,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,AscensioN,Awesome Co-Op experience!9/10
76561198032482196,Not Recommended,238090,14804699,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,FRITZ,"I did apreciate the gameplay and for other players will certainly enjoy it too. But for my concern, I find the game not really challenging even at high difficulty and since I do real long range shooting in real I find the (shooting system) quite poorly made. And you dont get much for your money on game content so I do suggest to wait for a deal to buy this game."
76561197972127655,Not Recommended,238090,29679368,Posted: 3 February,all,SoftBonez,"I had fun playing this game during it's free weekend.however, like all Sniper Elites, it's not worth 46euros and you should only get this game and other Sniper Elites on heavy discounts."
76561198040648660,Not Recommended,238090,15258851,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,edselc1,"While i would love to write a good review of this game (since i liked the previous 2 games in the series), I simply can't. The game it's self looks very nice but since it will not run for more than 5 minutes, I have no idea how well the game actually plays. I have tried to deal with support but i either get the same few responses and then just ignored or I just get ignored straight away. I honestly wish i could play the game but at this point it seems unlikely.If you're lucky, this game will work for you and it might be very enjoyable but if not, it's a total waste of money. I also have to say that after dealing with this company's entirely useless support team, I will most likely never purchase anymore of their products as i would judge it a waste of money. If I did have a problem they wouldn't even bother to help.Edit: I recently got this game to work and can now say the game it's self is not too bad. I still wouldn't recomend it due to the companys lack of help. For those that are having trouble getting this to run, Windows 10 seems to have fixed whatever was the issue in 7."
,Not Recommended,238090,29766547,Posted: 7 February,all,Kodus,Frequently Crashing on Windows 10
,Not Recommended,238090,30667502,Posted: 22 March,all,Major Rage ™,crashes every 3 mins
76561198075752101,Not Recommended,238090,14738838,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Geekins,Even worse than the second one.Not worth $50
,Not Recommended,238090,14739123,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,TommyTwoTimes,"I ask of you, please, DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!Even at a discounted price:I'm surprised by how many positive reviews this game has received, I guess the people who play has no standard anymore.The game is more or less Ctrl + C, Ctrl + V. Its identical to Sniper Elite V2, except that it now is in Africa and you get to blow a lot of vehicles on the process* The campaign is boring as hell, same American-hero stereotype that is the same boring badass... uninteresting storyline, blah blah, find him, kill him, take his notes, oh a tank is going to kill you, blow them, escape. rinse & repeat, rinse & repeat, rinse & repeat.* Unrealistic ballistics, those who think it's realistic, must be ♥♥♥♥ed in the head. Also most of the shots happen from 40-150meters, should atleast be more like +700meters. ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥ with that little distance I could urinate my enemies to death.* Very few weapons to choose from, unless you want to spend extra money for the DLC's. Like they're not stealing money from you by just buying this game.* AI is probably the dullest I've seen in a long time: Enemies don't give a ♥♥♥♥ if their comrades who lay dead beside them (even at hardest difficulty). One minute they hunt you, and suddenly all the enemies gets memory loss, goes back and patrolling as usual, even if you shot them. Friendly AI is a disaster aswell: In a level, he will wait for ~5 minutes without doing a damn thing. And ofcourse you must wait for the ♥♥♥♥er.This game has so many bugs...As I said, this game is like V2, though worse. Kill-Cams look exactly the same, even the same sound and music. I've got this game for free when I bought my PC, and yet I am ashamed to have it in my Steam Library.Do yourself a favor, go play something else."
76561198023362167,Not Recommended,238090,28968415,Posted: 2 January,all,RichardRasmus,"I wouldnt say its a terrible game but man it is pretty boring to me, i recommend getting sniper elite v2 over this , much more fun and espeacially dont get this at full price, its not even remotely deserving of that price tag, 5/10 game"
76561197992206547,Recommended,238090,16676434,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,B00tsy,"Rating: 70/100I think you could describe this WW2 shooter as a 'Medal of Honor' type of game (without the cutscenes), but then with sniping as the main gameplay feature. I personally expected this game to be a bit more realistic when I bought it... reading about 'bullet drop' and 'bullet travel time'. However, the game is very arcade like (like MoH).Overall this is a (fairly) solid game that offers fun (casual) gameplay with decent enough graphics, controls and UI. There are however a lot of small (and some obvious) things that are lacking (or plain dumb) in the game and a large part of that is due to the AI and general game design.The bad:One game mechanic in the game is that you have to 'reposition' every time you fire your sniper rifle and the AI have heard your shot. The game always tells you to move 30 meters way from your previous location. 90% of the time it is totally not needed to reposition as the AI does nothing then go into a crouch position at the same spot they already were (you at your current position is not in danger).There is a tagging feature that you can use with your binocular. In itslef it is a nice feature, but it takes away any possible challenge or surprise out of the game as you can even watch the enemies behind rocks and walls (it belongs in Deus Ex, not in a WW2 sniper game). Even if you do not use that feature the AI will still get a tag above their heads when they are alerted (at least in normal difficulty).There is clipping with some objects. Stairs railings have no collision and I had some logs/covers and rocks that I could walk through.AI is pretty much blind. You can stand 30 meters away on a road in front of a heavy machinegunner and he is totally oblivious to your pressence, making thus the stealth aspect pretty minimal. Lots of places where you can just run or even sprint without alerting enemies. I even sprinted into enemies that I overlooked and still could do close quarter melee kills without alerting surrounding AI.  There is also sometimes an issue with multiple AI standing at the same place where it looks like just one AI standing there, but there are several of them inside each other.The environment sounds are lacking, it's Afrika, but I don't hear any nature at all (not even crickets) while walking through the environment. [EDIT] the later levels (airport) do have decent environment sounds, I wonder why they left it so empty in the early levels.[]The neutral:Graphics. With maxed out settings it looks good thanks to the AA and stuff, but the 3D modeling of the environment is not much better then a 'Far Cry 2' from 5+ years ago, though the texturing is nice and of decent quality.The game is advertized as having 'huge' levels/maps, but it's nothing like that. The maps are for a large part corridor roads with overwatch positions and some open squares with houses/ruins. Don't expect an open world like environment it is still basically 'on rails' and linear, but with areas that allows different approaches.[edit] Playing through the game a second time now and noticed that there quite some objects and rocks that have to big hitboxes. Meaning that you can freely look at a target in your crosshair, but when you shoot the bullet gets stopped by an invisible box around the object/rock.[]The good:Even with all the bad and cheesy aspects the overall gameplay is an enjoyable experience. The maps still give you enough freedom to do different aproaches and different tactics and playstyles and the game feels immersive enough to keep you interested.The bullet camera is not a new feature of the game, but it is still nice to watch how your preciely aimed shot landed right in between the eyes of the enemy AI dude.I recommend to play it on the setting 'sniper elite', because lower difficulty ruins the potential fun this game has to offer. Even the 2nd harderst difficulty is a walk in the park, but the AI seems to behave a bit better on harder difficulty specially after they are allerted."
76561198076597732,Recommended,238090,25628640,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Welverin,"I've only played 2 and 3 to this point, and very much enjoyed the mechanics of 3 more.  I definitely enjoyed the classic feel of SE2, but the quick keys and other controls on this game made it very enjoyable.  The storyline was great, and I felt a little cheated once I finally made it through the end.  I was surprised how much easier the end of this game was compared to the end of SE2, but I also replayed the level so many times for the accomplishments I think I just memorized it :)  It's just that good!Enjoy, it's a keeper I'll play again."
76561197983740996,Recommended,238090,25343591,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Chane,"Sniper Elite 3 is the evolved version of Sniper Elite V2 with enhanced graphics and is probably one of the best sniper games available today. This time you're deployed to North Africa on a mission to uncover the secret plans of Nazi general Vahlen, which, amongst others, leads you to Tobruk and Kasserine Pass.There are only eight single-players missions but each of them is huge. It took me hours for each of the levels to scout my surroundings, plan my approach and reach my target. But this widely depends on your play style. If you select to play on low difficulty and simply aim for the main target Rambo style, you can probably finish this game much faster. But if you want to remain stealthy, complete all side missions and play on a serious difficulty, 'Sniper Elite 3' offers a lot of content for your dime.Pros:- awesome graphics- great sound effects- refreshing setting, Africa looks great- good music- interesting story- wide open, very spacious single player missions- freedom to choose your personal play style- different tactical options and possibilities to reach your goals- bullet cam- good voice acting- thrilling atmosphere- high replay value- coop- very good multi-playerCompared to Sniper Elite V2- new multi-player mode (sniper vs sniper)- challenge mode (horde mode)- new motivating level system- rifles can be modified- graphics and x-ray improvements- selection of cross hairsNeutral:- AI is not the best but this also depends on the level of difficulty.Cons:- cheaters in multi-player- rare lags in multi-player, but that's probably not a fault of the game but of players with slow connections- many weapons only available as DLC- bugs! But that might be related to Microsoft. The game crashed on me dozens of times, especially after the latest Windows 10 update. I had to reinstall the direct-X drivers and fully remove and reinstall the graphic drivers in order to make the game work again."
76561197965351558,Recommended,238090,31532523,Posted: 3 May,all,Er1cDelux3,"With the current NVIDIA driver (381.89) this game doesNOTcrash anymore.Subtle but necessary improvements over Elite Sniper V2. If you tried, like me, to play V2 stealthy but couldnt, because scripts screwed you, you will have a better time here."
,Recommended,238090,10984427,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,cKy2K,"GREAT GAME .!.Maps are way bigger then the last game, alot more routes to the objective , alot more sniping positionsif its the sniper nests or just other cool places you can hide in.Side objectives which are awesome! ..X-ray camera is just brilliant, so satisfying to watch!the game tho got minor glitchs sometimes.. if its a man standing on another man and u can just double kill them...or a man die and stay standing..  but again... minors and rarely happends.i cant think of other good things to say.. i really am happy i pre ordered the game..it didn't disappoint me ^^really is a great game .. 8.5/10 from me. (It's amazing , but it can be better)i recommend this game to all war game lovers / sniper lovers / 3rd person shooter lovers !"
76561198110045187,Not Recommended,238090,14808537,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,seriousdiman,"I can use only bad words to describe this ... game. I can't play more then 5-10 minutes, and after that game crashes. Game developers act like thieves. They take your money and run away. NO ssupport, except ""check your files"", ""reinstall game"", ""reinstall windows"".I better ""buy"" Rebellion games on torrents. Torrent versions have same kind of technical support, and bug fixing."
,Recommended,238090,10992081,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,LucifeR666,Improved compared with the previous section is very very cool game!!! (Y)
,Recommended,238090,12425419,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Zominator,"Much better than V2, especially the multiplayer!"
,Not Recommended,238090,29925552,Posted: 14 February,all,Guesswhat87 CSOFFER.ME,fun game but crashes non stop barely playable
,Not Recommended,238090,11681993,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,lorddarthvik,"TLDR: don't buy yet, only if it's around 5bucks. bugged, still a console game with small closed totally linear maps, huge open maps and new tactical gameplay is a blatant lie, shooting feel got worse, missions are sometimes annoying, relocation mechanics ruin the immersion and are very annoying, AI is worse then V2, the sound masking finally makes some sense and works, game looks better and real pretty, pre-scripted chain reaction explosions are fun to trigger and watch.Just like others said before me, this is in almost no way better then v2 was.The most basic problem with the previous game was, that it was a console game, which made it play more like an on-rails shooter than an open world game. Small enviroments, a maximum of 2-3 paths to take on each map. It is still the case.The pros:- it looks better- more stealth options, like hiding in bushes, and now most things that go bang loud enough will hide your shots, like broken generators or explosions- chain explosions: you don't have to place bombs to take out every hard target you come across. This is the one and only freedom of choice you get during the missions. Place explosives/throw grenades, or find the right ""explosive tank of gas/ammo"" and shoot it, thus starting a chain explosion that takes out the target.The cons:- you are forced to move after every third shot you take, it doesn't matter that the nearest enemy is over 300 meters away, or 20. They will always instantly pinpoint your exact location, and start attacking you. So you must use the ""innovative, awesome, super new Relocation system"". It's a cheap and blatantly stupid way to save time and money on coding a proper AI, which in this case is worse than it was in the 90's. This means you cannot use any sniper hidout in the game for more than two shots, regardless of concealment, distance, and so on.- again this relocation system means, that if you run far enough without being spotted, which is like 30 meters, they stop searching for you. At least the game sais that it's all clear after about 30 seconds pass. This is a fail in itself. There is no pressure, you just need to have a rock a couple of meters back the way to hide behind.- But, when the game tells you it's all clear, sometimes it doesn't tell the AI this. A random soldier out of the dozens that was after you, stays in pursuit and keeps running towards your now supposedly unknown location, will find you no matter what, and will try to gun you down. So its a total fail.- There are a bunch of unlocks and upgrades in the game, they are all 100% useless and doesn't worth your time. They may change the scope wobble a bit, but lose the zoom on the scope, and such trade-offs make every choice a bad choice. Get another rifle, although all 4 works about the same, some are just more annoying to aim with than the others.- ""Sniper's Nests"" are thrown around the maps, basically telling you where to go and shoot from. You are encuraged by the game every time to visit and use these. The problem is, that these spots are totally useless, as you cannot shoot more than twice from them, because relocation...- first day DLC (I own it I think, because I was stupid enough to pre-purchase. I would not do it again though)- AI is as bad as it was, magic aim with machine pistols from a 100 meters, more accurate than your sniper rifle. It's really just a way to force you to ""use more stealth"". To put it bluntly, all the ""features"" in this game are there to make you play the game in the exact way the creators want you to.  So that you wouldn't notice the abyssmal AI, the total lack of open world and freedom of choice they promised. See, that's the deffiniton of an ""on-rails shooter"". The exact opposite of open world/multiple choice.-  the missions are a mess. For example, the very first mission after the tutorials. SPOILER ALERT: You are supposed to kill 4 officers, loot them, then a fifth a one pops up out of nowhere on a halftrack and you must blow it up. You are in the worst possible place, but the mission text and your character tells you that no worries, you have time to prepare. That is, actually, about 15 seconds, before the halftrack turns the corner and spots you. Once you are spotted, it's mission failed. If you hide, the truck simply leaves through the gates which takes about another 15 mintues. It's a quicktime event, which you can only solve if you have prepared for it, before you knew it existed. Clever, ehh? So after you figure it out, that the game autosaved before! you looted the last officer and started the event, you make the ""open world"" decision to use the mines and dynamite you found right before the autosave, to blow the hell out of the truck. It's no challange at all once you know that you need to place a single, otherwise useless, mine on the one and only road. See, that's the complex tactical and strategic ""decision"" you are allowed to make.The LIES:- Large open maps: The maps may be a little bit bigger, but this is still a last-gen console game. Everything is cramped into small valleys or obscured by hills and fog so you may not see farther than your avarage console shooter. And they are most certainly far from open. Every map is made out of ""zones"" like the city squares in v2. You have these small, little bit ""open spaces"", connected by valleys formed by walls of sand, rock, buildings...- Tactical gameplay: See mission example above. Where there is some more open space, the enemys won't load up, until you get close enough. This makes it impossible to properly plan an attack, because they will pop up in places where you wouldn't expect them. It's like we are back in 2000. At least in V2 it wasn't as annoying, because the narrow streets kept the pop-in hidden, and by the time you turned the corner onto the next street, most of them were in position, ready to receive their headshots. This time around, even when they load in, their hitboxes are bugged. Sometimes, although you should most definetly hit them according to the built-in ""aim bot diamond"", it still won't register as a hit on the target, because it's too far away for the game to handle. The hitboxes of enemies are generally bugged. You can only perform heart shots by aiming at the middle of their backs. A seemingly perfect hearth shot from the front will never kill.The Simply Disappointing:- New X-ray stuff: Now this is almost true. The fact is that you get almost the same effects as in V2, but now they painted in some muscles and veins. These do not interract with the bullet in any way, its just a second layer of ""skin"".- vehicles go boom and xray and such: It is vey very stupid. Not as much as previously, but almost. Unlike in V2 where you had to shoot the ""gas cap"" on a Tiger Tanks rear (those are air filters irl, nothing that contains fuel), in this game, to blow up a smaller Pz.III. you need 3-5 good shots. Two through the rear grills (there is no such thing on the real one in those places), and one through the window slit of the driver (you coudln't so it irl, its a ""periscope"" with mirrors, not a direct hole) It is True, that now you get kill cams of vehicles as well, but they are destroyed in the most stupid ways possible. Nothing historical, accurate, or fun. If you want to go a little more easy on tanks, use a Panershreck, there's always one around when you need it.- small number of maps, although because it's bugged, it takes a long time to finish.- shooting doesn't feel as satisfyingThe game is riddled with bugs. From dead enemys with blue tongues, through tanks that spin in a circle when they get hit by a rock, to the odd guard who can't be killed with bullets, only with meleé, your well planned stealthy approach can turn into a mess in seconds. I would not buy it again, and I certainly won't pre-purchase the next one, if there will be any. Buy this during the holiday season when it's like 5bucks, not worth more."
,Not Recommended,238090,33410566,Posted: 9 July,all,Not the Messiah,"I really wanted to like this game; the original Sniper Elite has a place in my heart, and I enjoyed V2 from what little I played of it.And I did like this and have fun with it, but as I progressed through the game lots of little things (supernatural AI vision and hearing, fall damage from the slightest drops, and the really inconsistent alert system being chief among them) just kept weighing down until I just got angry at all the jank surrounding a game I wanted to enjoy.Alas, it just wasn't for me in the end."
76561198005191169,Not Recommended,238090,10886030,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,predator246,"Sniper Elite 3 is a good but repetitive sequal to sniper elite v2.there are a couple of new things maps are a lot more open then the second one and vehicle take downs add a new way to take out your enemy and also makes tanks a harder opponent then the second one.The Ai can be easy or hard, when they are alert they are good flanking you and forceing you out of cover with grenades but when they are not they are fairly stupid with narrow cones of vision. the relocation machanic is nice helping you try to make the first shot count so that the enemy dont find you before you can relocate.this is offset by most snipeing spots that i have seen having some sort of noise generation nearby meaning that all you need is some patiance and you can snipe from one spot untill you need to move on to the next objectitive.all in all if you liked the second one then you should enjoy this as it is more of the same but improved. the reason i am not recomending this game is the price to content value. now if you are into the multiplayer this part of the review may not apply for those that prefer the single player you should know that there seems to be eight missions according to the achivements list not counting the target hitler DLC.Now while the missions do have secondary objectitves that you can complete that would padd out the game time i am on mission 6 after 4 hours of play according to steam. For 40 pounds i do not think that is good value to be honest and therefore am not recomending the game at full price. wait for a deep discount i belive that 20 would be a good price to start considering it but had i known what i know now i would have waited for it go for 10 or under not becuase its a bad game but becuase for me there is not a good ammount of content value here and it is very similar to the second.i should also note that the xray cam on normal happens on 99% of all sniper shots so you may want to turn it down a little but maybe my aim is better than i think it is."
,Recommended,238090,12223374,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Fifth_Quarter,"A hard one to recommend, good and bad points throughout.It’s got good game play, if not a little short,Customizable loadouts, but limited unless paying for DLCOpen world environments, but only a few optional objectives per map,Great sniper x-ray cam, that starts to look all the same,Good stealth capabilities, but to do so you will spend most of your time crouched with supresed pistol instead of sniping.New authentic difficulty, but with no save on authentic and still an unstable game after a few ours play, it will crash and you get to start again.Multiplayer co-op, but only with friends.Multiplayer team & free for all game modes, that turn into a camp fest.7/10"
,Recommended,238090,25931208,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,✪ Tommy,"I don't get it, why so many negative reviews recently during the FREE WEEKEND playtime.just played 2 hours so far (when I wrote this), I kinda like the game play, the graphic is just good, the best part of the graphic is when you hit the enemy's organs, that slow motion is really such a cool feature.Basically it's a you vs the world kind of game, I mean, you killed them 1 by 1, with your powerful sniper.Going to play as much as I can tomorrow, as the last day, and will update the review.(UPDATE)After having so much fun of SE3 during the free weekend, then watching some gameplay of SE1 & SE2, I decided to buy the SE Trilogy. Go get em!!!"
,Recommended,238090,34183508,Posted: 11 August,all,kobolde,"This game does a good job of balancing arcade-like casual shooting with enough realism to pull you into it's world. It's nowhere near as realistic as games like ArmA, but still realistic enough to give you immersion. Stealth mechanics are quite good, and enemy AI is decent. The game may not be a masterpiece in every aspect, but it does a lot of things right. Unfortunately the story is very basic fluff, but the missions are varied and full of alternative routes and spots. Cooperative modes are a lot of intense fun and MP modes like Capture the Flag are refreshingly different when *everyone* is a sniper.  Definitely worth the 16 euros with the DLC. Extra points for how well it runs on my old rig, and how all the loading times are super quick.TLDR: Quasi-realistic arcade stealth shooter that does a lot of things right."
76561198081015820,Recommended,238090,31548864,Posted: 4 May,all,J!gsaw,"The game is called ""Sniper"" Elite, but here I am sneaking all over the place doing silent takedowns.Would totally do it again!(Okay, I will admit, sometimes I do a quick save and go full punisher mode on those guys. Worth it!)"
,Not Recommended,238090,16380545,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,swaharp96,Just a huge piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥compared to the second one. ♥♥♥♥ing horrible. Overpriced and just bland. The combat is clunky and glitchy. I got this at a discount and I still feel ripped off. This game isn't worth the case it's thrown in. Don't buy.
,Recommended,238090,10960028,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,PenguinPowered,Pros:- Better looking than SE 2- Great new enemy alertness / relocation system- Blow up more types of vehicles / armor piercing rounds- Loadout is far better looking / understandable and a bit more diverse.- Large maps that lets you do many of the objectives in an order of your choosing with many different tactics.Cons:- Less co-op / survival / overwatch maps than in SE 2 (hopefully this will improve)- Some odd animation bugs like standing while laying prone.- Some bugs with the alert system where many times they won't notice you shooting with your rifle at all.Overall I find the experience considerably better than SE 2 (which I also enjoyed)  so I would give it an 8 / 10.I made a video review and cover a few more things here:http://www.twitch.tv/penguinpowered/c/4563831
76561198007729622,Not Recommended,238090,11338384,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Matty Stardust,"It's a fairly good game, the graphics are rather nice, the levels are fairly well designed, there are some good sniping features; like being able to cover your shot sounds. The bad parts; the base part of the game is short in my opinion not worth the £40 price tag. There is a very limited range of base rifles, the new upgrades to them make an interesting feature however no modifications massively alter the rifles, one is decent enough, but there is a clear focus on making you pay for any other gear.There are some bugs, I encountered several crashes, an issue with collectables resetting the count, skipping bullet time causing lost shots, and afair few more minor bugs that were more of a nusance than majorr issue. I found myself more often than not ""going loud"" and sniping or using my rifles in a less than elite sniper manner due to bordum or frustration.Over all it is a good game if you could pick it up and all the DLC's for around £20 the lot.Oh and one of my major irritations was for all the attempted realism, being able to wipe out half a base, have people search for you and then give up ignoring the dead bodies littered around simply to go back on sentry duty, sometimes even patroling over an area of corpses, just seemed so basically wrong."
76561198030370530,Not Recommended,238090,11305588,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Popsicle,"Don't buy it now.  It is not worth the current asking price.  Wait for it to go on sale.  I agree with all of the other negative reviews given here.  All of their complaints are valid.  I saw the same things and feel the same way, cheated.  I will skip over complaining about the same things others have documented here and add even more.I honestly don't see much difference between V3 and V2.  The small amount of content and lack of real enhancements to the environment don't merit the cost.  If it was $19.99 it would be worth it.  In fact, even if it included all the currently available DLC it wouldn't be worth $49.99.Don't let the words "" ...huge, open levels and the exotic terrain... "" fool you.  They are larger maps but you can't go wherever you want like you can in say BF4 or Borderlands 2.  You can not jump.  You can only climb where and when they allow you to.  So you really are restricted in where you can go.  The X-ray vision of shooting people and vehicles only goes so far and becomes meh after the 10th or 15th time of seeing it.  The AI quite often will see you and shoot you through walls and other obsticles.  In game the voice over recommends you move dead bodies to avoid suspicion, but as soon as you pickup the dead body the enemy sees you and comes running.  Even if they don't have line of sight, if they are within a certain range they will come running.  After about the 10th time of trying to hide bodies I gave up.  I could be inside a building picking up a body and AI outside would come running in to catch me carrying the body.  I guess they heard me grunting and groaning while picking up the dead weight?  The bullet drop-off due to gravity is not consistent and the reticles on the scopes do not appear to be calibrated at all.  So you are almost always guessing when it comes to aiming.  The windage meter does not seem to be coordinated with the reticle either.  When it shows a 2 tick wind left to right and you adjust your aim with the reticle by 2 ticks you are completely off.  Sometimes that two ticks is only a-half on the reticle other times it 1 or 1.5 but it is never the same.  Guess work again.  All of the zoom levels of all the rifles, and all the scopes appear to be exactly the same despite the in game GUI telling you there are differences.  For example: according to the comparison feature of the GUI the Gewehr zoom level should be at least twice that of the Garand but it appears to be exactly the same when you are using it.  As a result of the lack of zoom, and poor windage and elevation implementations, long distance shots are extremely hard to make on the fourth or fifth shot, let along the first.  In a game where stealth and aim are key more work should have been done in this area.  None of my Long Shots were ever registered in my stats.  I got points for the the shot (they are detailed with each kill) but didn't get credit for completing a long shot at the end of the map. Several other stats are not accurately kept and credit for goals reached is not given at the end of the map.I can not help but feel the game was rushed to market.  It can not possibly be complete.  Like I said, even if they included all of the current DLC it wouldn't be worth $49.99.  Wait for it to go on sale to avoid the feeling of having been cheated.  Use the $49.99 to buy 4 or 5 other games that are now on sale for $9.99.  I guarantee that by the time you finish them you'll be able to get this game and all the DLC at half the price.Pops"
76561198011965365,Recommended,238090,28384954,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Saint Aaron,"Set during World War II players take on the role of elite OSS sniper Karl Fairburne across a selection of missions. Despite some fairly poor enemy AI (enemies will quite often just run straight into your crosshairs) the gameplay is solid and enjoyable with a good variety of objectives and interesting settings. As an added bonus the whole campaign can be played co-op which makes the game even more tactical, although the lack of an option to save mid-mission is an oversight seeing as they generally last for well over an hour. There are also a selection of co-op only ‘overwatch’ missions that focus on teamwork by tasking one player with using their sniper rifle to protect the other whilst they complete evolving objectives.  It has its flaws, and some of the slow motion kills may be a bit to gruesome for some, but overall Sniper Elite 3 is a good game, particularly if played with a co-op partner.ProsBig open mapstons of ways to complete the taskCoop with friend makes it betterGraphicsX-ray is niceConsStory is kinda plainGame is shortAi dunb at times"
76561198047848027,Recommended,238090,11088732,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,TeddyKillers™,I enjoyed Sniper elite 3 the bullet cams are well perfected besides for some bugs and glitches such as during the bullet cam the enemy may be shooting there mp40 normaly as the bullet hits him. The main reason i bought the game was mosty for co-op but you eathier play by yourself or invite a friend so there is no seach tab hopefuly there add more missions or guns since the lee Enfield is the closest gun to eathier there Karbiner 98K or the Springfrield. the survival is fun but they should add more maps  or make it endless waves and make it more intense.
,Recommended,238090,24428716,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Zero Summ,"A Single Serving of Goreporn.Pros:Large, open levels.Amazing co-op experience.Multiple ways to approach each level and play style.Glorious gore moneyshots. (If you're into that kind of thing)Neutral:Physics engine seems dated, but it worked well enough.Movement and animations seem a bit stiff.Graphics leave something to be desired.Cons:Story is almost nonexistent.AI is pretty derpy, even on the harder difficulties.Get it on sale. Even with its issues I'd recommend it for the right price."
76561197991756666,Recommended,238090,17442095,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,nerk hayze,"This Game was Funnnn!I did not enjoy a game like this in a loooooong time.-Nice original story, true to historical fact.-3rd person play.-AAA+ Graphics.-The HUD is improved on previous games.I want another Sniper Elite game to follow this. Karl Fairburne is the perfect protagonist,I do feel like replaying Sniper Elite V2 after finishing this.The game has 8 chapters,the loadout is expanded compared to previous games,unfortunately it's WW2 here and the rifle is not silenced :-)Dev's day riding on a horse in a knight's armorI recommend this game, and all in the series,I own SNIPER ELITE 1, but wish a dev would see this and REMASTER IT.I finished the playable DLC; & cannot stop asking for another game in the series or total re-master to the quality of SNIPER ELITE V2 or SNIPER ELITE 3 (SNIPER ELITE1).DLC-4 playable chaptersIf you're feeling bored......,& want to play something because you completed SNIPER ELITE 4,3 & 2,http://store.steampowered.com/app/256190/reaaaaaaaaaally is like SNIPER ELITE in FPS mode (if that were possible)-the tagging in SNIPER ELITE is very much like this game,-the noise of the sirens or planes flying overhead is same effect & signal on HUD,-(not made by same company or voice acting though very similar)Game On.."
76561198009872693,Recommended,238090,12546320,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,eckolock02,"Incredible game, played 3 times already, hope there is a Sniper Elite 4.."
,Recommended,238090,11021104,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Chelsea,"Finished the campaign in 14 hours exploring as much as i can and collecting some random♥♥♥♥♥♥What i liked:- bigger maps compared to V2 and more stealth options, more ways to approach an objective- improved X-ray killcam (now for vehicles too), sometimes it can get buggy, sad- weapon customisation (although every rifle has the same, wtf)- optional objectives+more collectibles- rank system keeps you occupied for a whileWhat i didn't like so much:- as i mentioned the maps are bigger and open, but it is far from sandbox, i ran into so many invisible barriers that it's not even funny- the AI is still stupid, only a bit more challenging on harder difficulties- only 8 levels, can be completed in 30-60 minutes, depending on how you want to play it, how much you want to explore, collect things- 4 snipers to begin with, this♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off the most, i mean this is a sniper game (4 DLC-s already available to download though (just some random weapons), i'm sure there are plenty more to come; ty Rebellion)- very weak story imo, and that ending is so....so typical- only 2 maps for Survival and Owerwatch (i'm sure DLC-s will solve this problem :)- have i mentioned the awful AI? Will do it againHaven't tried multi yet, heard it's a campfest, no thank you.If you can get over with it's flaws i say that Sniper Elite 3 is an improvement to V2, but not by much, those who liked V2, will like this too, i had my fun with it. Recommend it to fans only, but not with it's current price, wait for at least a half price sale."
,Recommended,238090,10998931,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Menphues,"My stats might say 1hour but I played offline outside Steam and the hours did not add up from my save, so yeah.I played some decent hours in this game, online and singleplayer so lets start there.The graphics are a little updated from Sniper Elite V2 and they look a little better, ish and I mean ish not much more.The audio is the same with explosions in the background, talking AI etcThe controls are all the same with no real changes apart from a few new keys.The game has some nice new features, like medikits which is nice and now you can heal yourself instead of auto healing.  I am like half way through already and never played anymore of the singleplayer.  It is not open world but the maps are big enough for you to enjoy and have a little.. little wonder around with a multiple route towards a mission which is good.The multiplayer has some really nice parts of the game.  If you enjoyed Sniper Elite V2, then you will enjoy this too.  The maps are bigger in portion and offer some nice visuals on the side and up close with many many ways around over, through and under something.  Really good fun.Then you notice the game itself is the same as Sniper Elite V2 and becomes very boring. Once you been there and done that you play this and you realise the game is like a big addon.  It's like what Call of Duty do with their games, they copy paste everything and just release new campaign for a £39.99 price tag, this is kinda the same but the story is a lot shorter and the graphics are improved.The new bullet cam is improved, with added detail to when your bullet hits your mark, you get more detail ontop of crushing bone, exploding limbs etc  Really good step up but still the same game.If you enjoy the entire franchise then you will most likely enjoy this game too, really it has some good stuff added to the game but it is more or less the same and for the £39.99 price tag, it kinda steers you away.Personally the game is worth the time to play and enjoy.  Once you done the campaign you might get enjoyment from another repeat but I would not, luckily the game has multiplayer and you will benefit from this sniper each other and setting traps with good unlocks to help play the game.Wait for the price to drop below £29.99 and maybe £26.99 and the game will be worth the time and money then.Would I recommend it? Yes because it is a good game but not the price wanted."
76561198014649631,Not Recommended,238090,29935025,Posted: 14 February,all,vangomaextreme,Until they fix the continuous crashing not even remotely worth the outrageous price tag of $80 CDN for the full game which is now more than two years old and at max gives you 25 hours of gameplay. Get real Rebellion!
,Recommended,238090,24899604,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,camXmile,Planning a cunning attack against unsuspecting Nazis is exciting and watching in X-ray how their balls explode as bullet penetrates it is most satisfactory.
76561197980966635,Not Recommended,238090,14341450,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Antilux,"I hugely enjoyed SE2 and jumped on this game very quickly. I played this game and quickly lost interest. It's one of those games that now just sits in my steam library.What some people seem to like about this game I happen to dislike. Unlocks, unrealistic. I hate having to grind a weapon to find out IF it suits my playstyle. That is probably my biggest issue with this game."
,Recommended,238090,33547167,Posted: 14 July,all,ahsan_alam,"one of the difficult Sniper game so far. So many ways to finish each mission, which i like most about this game.As its an WW based game  ,story isnt that bad, but game runs too much linear through out whole campaign, gets boring easily."
76561198021837454,Recommended,238090,14237544,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,[DFS] DumbBeard,Much easier to hunt testicles in this than in the previous games!Relocation mechanic allows for more stealth when hunting testicles.CQC good for when you get caught hunting testicles.Did I mention you could hunt the mighty testicles?10/10 would hunt testicles again.
,Recommended,238090,12198612,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Very Buttery Bread,Shot a man's testicles. 100/10 :D
,Recommended,238090,16339169,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡Dragnr,Balls Shooting Simulator III!
,Recommended,238090,34696763,Posted: 2 September,all,SilverSterben,Shoot nazis and learn biology at the same time.
,Recommended,238090,24205440,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,TheHardcoreGame,"I bought this game with the season pass for 16 eoros in the steam summer sale and well... holy crap it was worth it. This game is amazing. The realistic gun physics (wind/distance), The cool storyline, the stealth machanics, and sometimes just making you feel like an outright badass. The X-ray vision when you shoot someone in a vital organ is very unique. After you finish the campaign there is a survival mode which is very fun even without a friend to play with and the overwatch mode which is very fun in its co-op sense. Even though the game is a bit dead it is still worth it to buy it."
,Recommended,238090,14571022,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Doc Rock,"Sniper Elite 3 ReviewSniper Elite 3 is a rich, deeply entertaining third-person shooter that is sure to please even the most demanding gamers. Unlike many franchises, Sniper Elite continues to get better with each sequel while expanding on its original recipe for success. Naturally the graphics are much improved, but overall gameplay and concepts core to the game have also received major upgrades.The much-loved ""Kill Cam"" is back and better than ever, giving gamers a rush of adrenaline and satisfaction after a successful target elimination in true sniper fashion. The stealth component of the game is also better than either of its predecessors and can play a vital role in a mission's success depending on the gamer's style of play. Replay value is extremely high for this game with the inclusion of steam achievements, co-op play and several options for multiplayer.I thoroughly enjoyed this game personally and while I do recommend this game to those who enjoy action/adventure games,  I feel it is important to inform you that the game is not without its flaws and let-downs. as well. The awesome graphics come at a price. Those who are running older systems may experience lag or crashes due to the high CPU and RAM usage. I would strongly suggest passing on this game if your system does not meet the minimum system requirements listed by the publisher. Also, expect a few minor bugs, typically associated with troop ai and steam achievements. And most disappointing of all, while claiming to be a ""sniper"" game and containing some aspects that suggest that it is, most often you will find yourself armed with a silenced pistol or sneaking up behind enemies for hand-to-hand kills if you choose to play missions in a stealthy manner.Overall, this is a very fun game and will give you many hours of enjoyment, especially if you pick up the extra DLC missions as well. However, I would only recommend picking this game up when it is on sale due to the reasons listed above and knowing that the base game only comes with eight missions for the single player campaign. In my opinion it is way over-priced ($49.99 USD) for a game that is over 8 months old on Steam and is also available on XBox 360, PS3, and PS4 which means finding a used copy for a console at a much cheaper price can easily be done.The Good:========+  Quality base campaign with an interesting storyline+  Smooth controls and mechanics/Controller compatible+  Multiplayer and Co-op missions+  Detailed maps and graphics+  Blood and gore+  Versatile gameplay+  Quality DLC content+  Steam achievements+  High replay valueThe Bad:=======-  Bugs and glitches (minor & not game-breaking)-  Too expensive at full price-   Single player campaign is short-  While much-improved, some elements still need work (ie. stealth, sniper, camoflauge, etc)Final Thoughts:===========The Sniper Elite series continues to improve and its success and popularity are growing. This is definitely one to keep an eye on and I hope to see a Sniper Elite 4 in the near future> For an action/stealth war game it is still only average in my opinion. It is dressed up nicely and a lot of fun but let's face it, there is still a lot that can be done to enrich the quality of this game. Camoflauge serves absolutely no purpose, enemies all have eagle eyes and can instantly spot you from several hundred yards away when even slightly out of cover, and for a game who's own namesake emphasizes the ""sniper"" concept, this game falls way short in actually delivering upon that in much of the mission objectives. It plays out as more of a commando or special forces type of game than an actual sniper game. All of that being said, I still recommend this game to all those who enjoy third-person shooters. Its that good!If you liked this review or want to see more recommended games, be sure to follow our curator group:Follow Original Curator Group"
76561198032403754,Recommended,238090,10928162,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Satch,lots of improvements over V2.  Non linear level design.  Better killcam.  better stealth system.  Coop really needs matchmaking though.
,Recommended,238090,28123958,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Frosty007,"This has to be the DEFINITIVE Marksman's simulation... While I personally feel the Bullet pointer shouldn't have been on the 'Elite' Setting  - hey, that's what the 'Authentic' setting's for... The ambient 'scapes are the best I've ever seen and having played From the First game, its been a blast... While I thoroughly Enjoyed the other Sniper Trilogy, this somehow elevates that experience and makes the bar that much higher - while clinching the Sniper game Crown. This is the benchmark every sharpshooting simulation will have to beat -for more than just Projectile dynamics... you feel the purpose behind each squeeze of the trigger... the DLC's are a must to get and I only wish the game was longer. In its genre, 9/10 A must buy for marksmen wannabes."
76561197967645948,Recommended,238090,11156015,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,McRed,"My prayers have been answered! As per my review of this game's predecessor, I was looking for similar gameplay with more of a jungle-like setting. Way to deliver REBELLION! Visuals are very much improved. Gameplay is much the same as before. Perhaps a little smoother even. I very much enjoy the new sneak attacks and stealth kills. I love how you can mask your rifle fire with other loud sounds. Keep em coming!The multiplayer community while small, is so far very decent and friendly. I enjoy the paranoia that envelops me when I peek out in search of a target ripe for the killing whilst being completely aware that I'm just as easily susceptible to having my own brains obliterated by another players bullet in a deathmatch round!"
,Not Recommended,238090,29943235,Posted: 15 February,all,Acesystole,"Pretty fun, lots of good sniping, but it crashes a ♥♥♥♥ing ton. I've seen other people with the same issue, even on my PC it crashes randomly, which ruins the immersion of any game. This is the main reason I don't recommend this game, the crashes really get annoying when you lose progress because of them. Sorry kids, its neato and all, but just not worth it."
76561198040625590,Not Recommended,238090,11205182,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,JunkyarDog,"I cant play it at all, i cant even run it!, to many days without a fix....really disapointed"
76561198053342837,Not Recommended,238090,11325385,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,dinkmeister,"Having finished the campaign, i can say that Sniper Eilte 3 is immensely better than V2. The level design is amazing, and there is a massive improvement on how you could play the game. The one thing that bugs me about this game is the DLC. Normally, Sniper Elite 3 has barely any weapons, challenge maps, or missions. Where do you get more? DLC."
76561198025753665,Recommended,238090,29403616,Posted: 21 January,all,Idle Master,U can blow hitler's balls
,Not Recommended,238090,11339628,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,MOUNTAINHIKE,"Sniper Elite v2 was much better. The rifles where much better and if you are shooting without any assist on, good rifles with good reticles are a must. In SE3, because of the customization things and all that, the rifles don't synergize with the reticles that much well. It also seems that the rifles zoom much less. In V2, the springfield is supposed to have 4x zoom, the mosin 6x and the gewehr 8x, but in SE3, the values seem to be halved and everything looks tiny. The scope wobble is super exaggerated and this makes shooting a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ as well as having to use the empty lung feature that messes up the aim due to it's zoom in feature. good thing is that some of the new maps are pretty cool. I would like the old weapons with the new maps"
,Not Recommended,238090,29576882,Posted: 29 January,all,The Horror Network | Embalmer,"Review of Sniper Elite V2:HereReview of Sniper Elite 4:HereSniper Elite is a third-person shooter franchise that has found success so far with two main titles, and two spin-off Nazi Zombie Army games; at least, at the time of Sniper Elite III's release. Up until now, the games have been set in Germany during the tail end of World War II, although Sniper Elite III has set out to change that direction slightly by taking the player to Africa during the early 1940's. Certainly, the same location and era can only be done for so long, and publisher/developer Rebellion know that and have attempted to revitalize the series before it wears out its welcome in Nazi Germany.First off, if you are running any variation of Windows 8 or 10, you are not going to have a good time. I myself am running Windows 10 x64, and needless to say I did not have a good time. When I say that Sniper Elite III crashes a lot, that's an understatement; everything from the .exe crashing, to Runtime errors, to the game freezing up, to weird FPS drops before the game just gives up. There is no rhyme or reason for occurrence of these crashes, they're seemingly random, and Rebellion have done nothing but shrug and offer multiple band-aid ""solutions"" that do not work. Great ""solutions"" such as verify the integrity of the game cache, disable your firewall and anti-virus, and run the .exe in compatibility mode for Windows 7, none of which worked for me.Needless to say, my entire experience with this game has been marred with considerable frustration. Of the 5 hours I've spent with the title, I've managed to not even get halfway through the game due to the aforementioned issues. It's not even that the whopping 8 missions (the least amount in any Sniper Elite game, by the way) are long, in fact I finished the first one in under 20 minutes, it's that every time the game crashes, you have to start back from whatever checkpoint you might have been lucky enough to grab; either that or remember to save every 2-5 minutes.Plethora of bugs and crashes aside, you once again control our good friend and American OSS Lieutenant Karl Fairburne, this time on his journey through the Battle of Gazala during 1942. The skilled sniper has been sent to assassinate General Franz Vahlen and recover intel on his secret project. Overall, the story is very skeletal and lacks any real substance, with a large chunk of the meat having been shamelessly saved for a three part DLC add-on. The same lacklusterness can be said for the soundtrack, which feels like nothing more than a rehash of what was included in V2.The levels this time around are much larger than those presented in V2, and are on par with how big they were in the original Sniper Elite if the game was translated into modern gaming. With plenty of main and optional objectives, along with a multitude of collectibles and locations to discover, there are enough reasons that any player would want to explore each map to its full potential. Despite the adequate size of each map, there's very little that will make one feel as though they're in Africa, as opposed to any random desert location. The graphics haven't really been upgraded or changed much since Sniper Elite III's predecessor, although the character models don't look quite as clay-like.Rebellion have brought back the visibility meter in Sniper Elite III, something that was missing from V2, and as well they have added close-encounter knife stealth kills. Along with these implementations is also a leveling system, one that any gained experience points from either online or offline events contribute to. The higher your level, the more items that you unlock for your loadouts; of which, you can have four at any given time, and they can be selected from at the beginning of any single player mission. As well, this time around you have the option of playing through the campaign in co-op mode with a friend.Before wrapping things up, let's talk about the difficulty of the game and the inconsistent AI. Thankfully, Rebellion have brought back the harder difficulty that the debut Sniper Elite was so well known for; they've even added a fourth difficulty option known as Realistic. Of course, the ballistics are still in play for any mode above Cadet (easy), which is another staple feature of the series. Realistic mode is incredibly unforgiving, and truly only for the most hardened of sniper simulation enthusiasts as there is zero help for showing where to aim, or how to calculate wind resistance and gravity. However, the enemy AI is notoriously inconsistent; even though you can now finally sneak up behind a foe to stealth kill them while crouching, if you're underground and walking upright an enemy on the very top floor can and will hear you.Even though the idea of sticking with a 1940's era and moving the location of the story from Germany to Africa is a brave one, it just hasn't worked in favor of Sniper Elite III. Overall, the game is excruciatingly dull, we still haven't been given any sort of backstory on Karl, there's nothing but a few exotic trees to indicate that we are in Africa, the AI is overly sensitive, online is completely dead, and the title crashes so much that it's not worth putting up with the frustration to continue playing. Sadly, Rebellion have really dropped the ball on this one, and the fact that they've only offered band-aids to atone for Sniper Elite III not working properly on any OS newer than Windows 7 is simply atrocious. Either get this one on console, or don't bother at all. Hopefully the next installment brings us something more flavorful that will actually work on newer operating systems.Rating:2.0/5.0- It's not awful, but it's not great.The Horror NetworkCurator|GroupClick for Gore"
76561197993437321,Recommended,238090,25902979,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Carm3D,"Did you like FarCry3 and 4?  Was your favorite part of FarCry3 and 4 the sandboxy sneaking into outposts, tagging enemies so you could see them through walls, tossing rocks to divert their attention and hiding bodies?  Then this is the game for you!  It's like that but with much bigger outposts.  The one big difference is this game does not have FarCry's alarm disabling system; so far as I can tell.  I am currently on the 4th mission and having a great time.The missions are big, sprawling and take a long time to complete.  Fun stuff!My biggest gripe is the DLC.  Nickel & diming us for weapon selections.  Instead of earning them in the game by completing objectives, they are pay-to-unlock.  Not as fun, but more profitable for the publisher.Another minor negative is the character you play, Gristled Snipermen.  I think that is his name.  His voice sounds like the baddest of bad-asses in the most generic way possible.  It's almost cartoonish how bad♥♥♥♥♥he sounds.  It would have been nice if the character was given some more nuance.  A flaw, maybe even a touch of a sense of humor.  It doesn't detract from the game, but his performances can cause minor eye-rolling."
,Not Recommended,238090,30624921,Posted: 19 March,all,STABBY,crashes every 10min unless I put it on default which is pretty crappy graphics (i7-gtx1080) cant really recommend unless its like one dollah or smth
,Recommended,238090,10873455,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,[BCO] m0nK,Everything what you want in a Sniper game !!!
,Not Recommended,238090,20212524,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Unkle Runkle,IMAGINE HITMAN: BLOOD MONEY EXCEPT IT'S S  H  I  T
76561198005511682,Not Recommended,238090,19346525,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,SergeantHarlock,"This game disappointed me, it has all the elements that could make a good sniper game like setting up ambushes, scoring headshots and even the cool kill-cam, but it's hampered by the other limitations this game has starting with the AI. The AI goes beyond the typical moronic stealth soldiers if that were even possible. A common tactic you would employ is to kill an entire squad run away from where they last see you and they completely forget you even exist. The AI wouldn't have been a problem if they took splinter cells' alarm system.As for the actual stealth it's what you would expect you sneak around and shoot people with a silenced pistol. You can also kick generators to cover up the sound of your sniper rifle, how this muffles the sound of a mosin-nagant I have no idea.All in all it was a dull and boring game to play through, it did run great though I guess that's a plus."
76561198271334490,Not Recommended,238090,30779144,Posted: 27 March,all,dog,can't play it anymore because it crashes
,Recommended,238090,22925737,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,BoJack,"You like playing stealthy, armed with a huge arsenal of grenades, mines, submachine guns, rocket launchers and sick sniper rifles? You like stabbing with your knife and killing people with a long-distance headshot? Then this game is perfect for you.I prefer the Single Player Campaign."
76561198045133849,Recommended,238090,11042805,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,BarneyRound,"Its like they read my review for v2 (which I was on the fence about, but ultimately couldn't recommend).  Its no longer a grindfesty turkey shoot.  It now has a fully realized stealth and relocate system.  Also, a melee takedown.  Finally.  I had a blast playing this game.  Its designed more like the older Hitman games.  Open levels, kill everyone, or kill the target only, go undetected, or go guns blazing.  My only gripe is the ""realistic"" bullet physics are less realistic, and more just to make the game harder.  A .306 round is not going to drop a entire yard at a hundred yards out.  Which is pretty much a CS gripe.  So, this is a recommend."
,Not Recommended,238090,18418274,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Athena☆Croft,"Not worth full price. Get it when it's on a big sale. It's the same genre as Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Pain,  and the latter is much, much better. Mehhh, don't think I will play through the whole thing."
76561198118925656,Not Recommended,238090,30228732,Posted: 27 February,all,Mr.Vision,What did dev do this game? It crashes frequently. I could not kill Führer. AI is based on script movements. Sometimes fps drops occurs. I don't know crash reason but it is not related to players' computer. I will not buy SE4 for these reasons.
,Not Recommended,238090,26051186,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,ϟϟ Succ ma spicy memes,"Developers are racist and german snipers were so much better then murikano onesNot much logic and crashes1 man cant kill that meny germans he would be ded in minutes if he tryed+Se3 developer banned me from discussions and didnt type what was the ban reason (i just asked if there is going to be a sniper elite game with german or soviet snipers....racistAnyway graphicks,animations and sounds aint bad but corpeses faces are just ♥♥♥♥ed upBut i wont recommend the game bcz sniper elite 4 is out and its more racist and haves nothing to do what happened in ww2 as se3"
76561197964754426,Not Recommended,238090,14430852,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,[]V[],"Inferior to V2 in almost every way other than the graphics.-Half a game with a thousand DLC addons.-8 crappy levels, 3 guns.-Why force me to sneak around all the time?  I want to slaughter 100s of Nazis with Xray sniper shots, this is why I bought the game.  If I wanted to sneak around, then I would play games without the word ""sniper"" in their title.-Bought the game for co-op, except it was obviously designed for a single player only.  Players are basically on top of each other inside sniper nests.-No Xray shots when playing co-op after the first level.  Ever.-Crashes/Disconnects all the time in co-op.  Couldn't even complete the last level because it kept crashing in the same spot.Took what was an awesome game and ruined it."
,Not Recommended,238090,10920840,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Ho Chi Sock,I just killed Hitler AGAIN. I killed him in V2. They clones HItler. DISLIKE
,Not Recommended,238090,21939156,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,DAD-alus,"How was this game so boring.Seriously, it felt like a chore to complete. With the bugs in the enemy AI, clipping into each other, having invisible ""bulletproof"" barriers around some objects, repetative gameplay, pointless customization, uninteresting 2-dimensional character, obnoxious auto-saves that could potentially screw up a playthrough of a level, a complete lack of swastikas (for a game about shooting nazis), and a bland generic story; there was little to enjoy about this game. The novelty of shooting someone in slow motion wore off quickly, and it ultimately became best to just fire a few rounds into the air at the beginning of the level and pick off all the nazis as they bumbled into each other a-la-3 stooges in a single file line towards you.I didn't try the multiplayer, maybe it was good, I wouldn't know. The single player campaign sucked."
,Not Recommended,238090,11549138,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Madhunter,Doesen't compare to Sniper Elite V2. Don't waste your money
76561198020304831,Recommended,238090,10868104,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,skyliner34gt,i love this game it is by far the best sniper game out there
76561198043076913,Recommended,238090,10867889,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,AI Ace,Amazing game 100% recommended
,Recommended,238090,10890878,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,sippin on wock,"It took everything mediocre about Sniper Elite V2 and improved it massively.No more linear levels, almost always ending in a bloodbath. Open levels you can take on your own way.The X-Ray cam is now much more satisfying, adding an extra layer and making the previous much more realistic.The AI are actually somewhat more intelligent than the previous game, they can now hear you and everything around them and search for you, not just run aimlessly where to you were hiding.The Multiplayer mode is great too, ""No Cross"" mode allows for actual sniping, teams separated by buildings and blockades meaning no XX360nOxSC0p3zXX to be seen for miles."
,Recommended,238090,34432690,Posted: 23 August,all,Rj0lnir,"Great game. If you enjoyed previous games, you will enjoy this one, too!"
,Recommended,238090,34398764,Posted: 21 August,all,Ranger_08,good game but very short camapign.....10/10
,Recommended,238090,34122093,Posted: 9 August,all,Not_Maven,"This game has great graphics, but i really wish it had more than eight missions. But any one who likes to play sniper games and really want to train there accuracy this is a great game for you. I loved it."
,Not Recommended,238090,31431090,Posted: 28 April,all,Bonus (error: 67),"Alright, if they offer 80% off, like they did when I bought this game, then I'll buy it.With this review, I'm assuming everybody knows how a Sniper Elite game plays, since Sniper Elite V2 was avaible for free at a time, so you should have it.SE3 is not a bad game, it's a good game. It just didn't bring anything new to the table apart from the different theme since Sniper Elite V2. 46€ is a ridicolous pricetag, since I got SE2 for free and they have basicly the exact same gameplay. 80% off is a good deal though.EDIT: Although I dont have much palytime, I never had any crash issues like NVIDIA users are reporting, so yeah. Yo ucan keep this bit of information in mind.The DLC ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t is really strong though. Weapons camouflage packs and♥♥♥♥♥♥like that. That is a filthy cash grab, so not recommending."
,Not Recommended,238090,14731668,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,senegrom,Nice idea though tends to get boring after a few levels.
,Recommended,238090,29019888,Posted: 4 January,all,Starcaptain10,"Fun, but disappointingly short. Almost like they hid half the game in dlc... Hmmmmmm"
,Not Recommended,238090,11647965,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,MYSCHUFF,"I've played a few more hours. It gets better. I still say they could have made the button configuration much better and they did it as a cheap trick to make it a little more difficult. For a sniper game you sure get some crappy gear to snipe with.Played through 3 times now.Cadet Marksman and Elite. Anyone remember the game Medle of Honor and it's series of games? From 15-20 years ago. I still have it and play it. Those games are better than this. Graphics are better but that is all they did with Sniper3. Give you more distant targets to shoot and sureal death seans. This game gets a 4/10 paying full price.  Tedious after the 2nd playthrough. There is not enough content to justify full price. The DLC cost more then the game does. Wait for a sale to play this you will not be missing a thing. Compared to BF the first one, Sniper3 is like only having a sniper to play with.Have run into 5 glitches 3 of which prevented me from finishing my paythrough and had to start over. If you didn't save at the right time you will have to start all over from scratch. Save often"
,Recommended,238090,34029416,Posted: 4 August,all,Twinkie_Farts,"Well I got this game on sale for 5.99, and I have to say, it was a steal.... Each mission you go through in this game you can almost choose how you want to play it, though the stealth play style is highly recommended and is the best way to play it. I loved every minute playing this game, and I think that anyone that likes stealth games will love this game. It reminds me of the sniper flash games i used to play when I was little on a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ computer with dodgy internet connection, but don't let that fool you. I love this game in almost every aspect. One con about this game is the enemy detection, its dodgy at the most and not very good, and the combat when your not sniping isn't the best either, but that doesn't break the game at all only because I didn't find myself using the automatic weapons in this game very much. Nonetheless I love this game and I believe that it earns my recommendation.I hope you found this review helpfull :)"
76561198034325527,Not Recommended,238090,11360720,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Dvoraak,This is an incredibly short game. So short it seems obvious the devs wanted to give a bare minimum of gameplay while charging a premium for the priviledge. It's probably no worse than what passes for an average fps campaign these days (even better than some I could mention) but it wasn't good enough to get me to consider dlc or a season pass. At $30 I'd say this game is worthwhile. At $50...... not so much.
76561198109067617,Not Recommended,238090,34338891,Posted: 18 August,all,Tubz,Gameplay is fun while it last. But keep expectations low for story quality and length. Just finished the campaign first time through on marksman difficulty. Also the AI is very dumb and easy to take advatage of. Finished in 9 hours. Nothing much to do after that cuz the mulitpalyer is dead. Only buy if on sale for half off.
,Recommended,238090,31466776,Posted: 30 April,all,TeikTeik_Gor 😂,Nuts Shot Elite
,Recommended,238090,26991078,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Gravity,"My opinion of this game is really straightforward; It's ♥♥♥♥ing awesome. It's not perfect, by any means, as many mechanics are frustrating not only to people who have just started playing sniper elite, but also long running fans. V2 stands as my favourite game in the series, however many parts of this game are also an improvement. It is THE most fun sniper series to date, and with the 4th one coming soon, I found it important to voice my opinion on this. Pick this up if you haven't already. Its such a fun experience"
76561198041844214,Recommended,238090,12370375,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,NGamer,"Intro:Sniper Elite game series brings the same formula as V2, But this time Sniper Elite 3 only to go all on graphics instead of story.Graphics:Far exceeds V2Everywhere you go there is never a empty room/placeGameplay:Same as V2Sniping is more realisticThe Bad:Lack of detail background (sky and far sandy hills}Lip movement is unrealisticNot enough Stealthy missionsStory is WeakLeveling System? {what for?}Conclusion:Sniper Elite 3 is one for the graphic lovers, but for the history buffs.Still it is one of the best 3rd person sniping games to date {2014)"
,Recommended,238090,22742479,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Jack,Really fun and enjoyable game can get a bit repetetive though
,Not Recommended,238090,28186286,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,tomedy gold,"Don't waste the money minimum story or action, maximum time wasting. In an attempt to make some sort of stealth shooter (and failed) they have destroyed what made V2 fun, I would refund if I hadn't got this from♥♥♥♥♥"
76561197961088909,Not Recommended,238090,11426407,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Intrepid,"This game is well done but has some significant flaws.  The biggest one is the ""invisible walls"" that block shooting and movement.  Plus, some of the ragdoll effects are a little over done.  Wait until it goes on sale.  And only 2 maps for overwatch and survival (vs 6 or 8 in SE2).  Wtf?"
76561198070838284,Not Recommended,238090,11243928,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Guy on the Foto,Buggy and boring.
,Not Recommended,238090,11313495,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,No Mercy Percy,"Holy cow. This game is a major waste of my money. Too much has changed since Sniper Elite V2, and I'm not too fond of forcing people to purchase DLC for only a few more weapons. Boring setting, too much to work with in the game, where did simplicity go? Save your money."
,Recommended,238090,33250242,Posted: 4 July,all,Redrusty66,"I don't regret it. Obviously this is not a groundbeaking AAA title. Pretty straightforward and the mechanics are clear. The story is also generic, just there to lead the gameplay, nothing else. Yet the game is really enjoyable. And not just in single player. There is coop, multiplayer, and challenges. So it's fun."
,Recommended,238090,22784320,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Last_Panda | Make Artworks,Heil Hoden!
,Not Recommended,238090,18343927,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,soupforks,"Let's face it: the only good part of this game is the X-RAY bullet cams.The enemies are incompetent and have♥♥♥♥♥♥AI even at the highest difficulty. Especially enemy vehicles.Stealthing is literally pointless unless you want to crawl around the map with your welrod for the entire game. It's easier and more satisfying just to point and click with your rifle.The story is very poor... why even bother making a story if you're going to make it that uninspired and cold?Don't even get me started on the cliches and voice acting.You do get a little more flexibility in regards to routes to objectives and in which order you do them, which is nice, but it's not really a massive step up from the previous game. On the graphical side of things, its nothing incredible, but it certainly isn't bad by any means.Verdict: It's fun for a while then loses novelty. Do not pay full price for this game. Wait until it's on sale."
76561198006423348,Recommended,238090,10868079,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Sheriff of Nottingham,Amg... Heaven is the only word I can use to describe how amazing this game is!!! the colour textures is just UNBELIEVEABLE A MUST BUY!!
,Recommended,238090,23316668,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Reimu☆rena~,"Stealth, long range precision distance kills and deadly melee takedowns. A major improvement from the 1st and 2nd iterations of the series. This truly defines what a stealth sniping game is all about.Graphics: 10/10Outstanding by any means. The level of detail is something to behold, I have not seen this much level in detail in a game for so long. This one looks absolutely gorgeous even at low-medium settings. There are also a lot of graphics options to choose from to suit your needs and to maximise your experience.Storyline: 7/10You have to stop Germany from building a Super Tank that could potentially be used to change the tide of war. Other than that, that is the only ‘story’ you will get from this game as it isn’t really a story heavy game and it wasn’t made to be one. You’re buying this for the sniping experience, not much for the story.Sound: 9/10They nailed it. The sound of the rifle, the enemies around you and even your own footsteps can be heard in great detail. Nothing more can be said of how this game sounds. You hear what you’re supposed to hear, nothing else.Gameplay: 9/10This goes without saying but, you can snipe your enemies with skill and precision from a distance or get up close and personal and perform melee takedowns. Setting up traps and distractions can also be very fun if carefully planned and laid out. Oh, and I almost forgot...there are “sounds” in the game which can mask rifle shots which makes for quiet long distance shots; pretty impressive if you ask me. The overall game performed nice and smooth with no significant frame drops to report.Price: 5/10Priced at £39.99 for the base game, it is a little too much for the amount of gameplay hours you’re probably going to have. So, I suggest waiting until it goes on sale to pick it up."
76561198028135020,Not Recommended,238090,31466481,Posted: 30 April,all,marvin282,Known bug that it does not work on windows 10. It crashes every 15 min or so
76561198065302220,Not Recommended,238090,17244547,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Cancers,"This game is incredibly boring. The only silencer you get is on the pistol, and you only have about 15 bullets. otherwise you have your extremely loud M1 Garand, which makes you have to relocate after every shot... EVERY SHOT. its a game about waiting for hours and then having to pull out your unaccurate MP40 because of a tiny tiny mistake. oh and you die in 1.5 seconds, which renders your last 45 minutes of sneaking and careful shooting useless. I'm a huge fan of sniper games but I strongly recommend that you use your money on something else than Sniper Elite III"
,Recommended,238090,10884454,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,vvoova3000,"As a person who played all the Sniper Elite games, I can say for sure that SE III is the best of the series so far!"
,Not Recommended,238090,10962979,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Phoenix,"Day one DLC? bad NO thats something id expect from EAEnemy hitboxes stop working past 150m SERIOUS ISSUEMultiplayer is unplayable, compareable to watchdogs on launchdayCo-Op is also broken, second player that is connected to the host will fire 2-4 times for every single click of the mouse on their end.The AI is FAR from groundbreaking like the devs would like you to believe, unless ground breaking is spotting you and calling for help while being stabbed in the jugular and also seeing you at 100+ meters while you are prone and in a bushOnly improvements from SE2 is prettier looking graphics probably the only posative thing i can come up withDefinatly regret buying it, will update with more issues/praise as i progress into the game"
,Recommended,238090,14468212,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,The Holy Ghost,"Sniper Elite 3 gives the player control over a military sniper situated in Africa during WWII. Its a third-person shooter with open world stages, allowing the player freedom to approach his objectives in any way he chooses how. The AI in this game can be really difficult and unforgiving. Therefore, the player must be really careful and observant to reach his objectives or eliminating his targets with careful planning and strategy. Unlike most shooter games, this isn't the kind of shooter game where you can rush through your targets and win the mission easily. The character set in this game is very vulnerable to damage and you cant really depend too much on your sidearms to overcome dangerous scenarios if you alert the enemy. The stealth maneuvers isnt as efficient as you would expect which is why being very, VERY careful is the best strategy to adapt while playing this game. Time is also another factor to be aware of for Sniper Elite 3. Even though there are only 8 missions to complete this game, the time you have to spend on each level will probably take up at least half of your afternoon (if you wish to be entirely discreet getting your tasks done) which is how the game is meant to be played. Basically, players will have to adapt the strong patience of a real sniper, adding anticipation and thrill before firing each shot to your enemies with your sniper rifle.The graphics and visuals in Sniper Elite III is excellent and satisfying. Compared to its predecessors, the developers of this game has improved the game's 'signature' sniper killcam, abling the player to view their bullet trajectory coursing through their victim's internal body with amazing detail. It is very stunning!Apart from the best elements Sniper Elite III has to offer, there are a few things that hinder this game from perfection. Firstly, the AI behaviour isnt very dynamic as expected like in most games in today's generation of video games. There are often times when hiding the bodies doesnt have to be a necessity and even if the player alerted the area, the AI can be very static and predictable. Give it another minute and they will pretend nothing happened and return to their patrol routes. Second, the lacking of stealth maneuvers/tactics can make this game's experience unreasonably frustrating and annoying but maybe thats just my own personal opinion since I've been exposed to many stealth assassination games before this. Basically, stick to the old-school stealth mechanics when you play this game. I wouldnt want to consider mentioning the lack of story and background for this game because it doesnt really matter at all since the Sniper Elite franchise is meant to be a WWII sniper-simulator so lets just throw that out the window.As much realism Sniper Elite III has to offer, these issues above unfortunately pushes this game back a few steps but that doesnt mean its entirely bad! This game will keep the players hot in their seat. It is a very fun game to play with and the visual effects will never bore you. In conclusion...*** 7.5/10 ***"
,Recommended,238090,12541545,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,weishangjun,"Good game.Very realistic bullet cam,more interesting than V2.But if the sniper scope can be adjustable like Red Orchestra 2,it will be more playable.I hope Rebellion can make sniper scope of rifles can be adjustable,so I'll be very pleasant"
,Recommended,238090,12545445,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Desert ghost,exploed a guys balls11/10
76561198065679894,Recommended,238090,12081667,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,=S|G=Wutchman,"This game is not as playable as V2 ,too many bugs . Still very enjoyable and a challenge"
76561198082840740,Recommended,238090,12398832,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,gman794,Brilliant game. if you love Sniper Elite V2 then you'll definietly love this.
76561198005645454,Recommended,238090,12031326,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Kulo,top game!love it
,Recommended,238090,26126870,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,postmanpat493,Sniping's a god job mate! Challenging work outta doors.
76561198063449493,Recommended,238090,15977876,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,BeastOfEyes,The perfect sniper game
,Recommended,238090,25939011,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Rufus Poppycock,"I've been playing during Free Play but as many reviews have said already, the game is awfully linear. Linear games can be a lot of fun; the Last of Us comes to mind. This one though is very repetative. At 80% off, I'd say it's good value but I couldn't imagine paying any more than that (~$11 CDN). Graphics are nice. Mechanics are so-so. There seem to be some bugs preventing me from shooting when I clearly have a shot without obstruction infront of me, magazine is full, breathing is right, but it just wont shoot. I have to remove my eye from the scope, adjust my position and line-up the shot again before it will allow me to shoot. It's happened on more than a couple of occasions. Slow-mo kill shots become old very quickly and I skip the vast majority of them. The idea that you are to stealth in this game seems silly -perhaps I haven't mastered the mix of run and hide? Replayability seems low but co-op seems to be a good idea (haven't tried it yet). All in all, for 10 bucks, why not? Full price though? Not a chance.[Update]My friends seem to be experiencing the issue with shooting as well. For some reason, there are times where you ""pull the trigger"" and it just won't shoot and there seems to be no rhyme or reason to it. I've now tried co-op and it is fantastic. I cannot see my self playing single player anymore and just sticking wtih campaign co-op. Full disclosure, I do prefer to play with friends, I play few games single player. At $11 for co-op, I'd say it's a steal. Great co-op game! (Also, didn't receive it for free as I ended up buying it after the Free Play while it was on sale but cannot update that part of the review.)"
76561198090788838,Recommended,238090,25986120,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Swaggy has a wing,"Sniper Elite 3 aka ShootNazisintheBalls 3 is actually a pretty good game, it has everything you want from a good sniper-game.If you want wide open levels,many different types of weaponry and equipment,a good variety in mission goals and a 2 player coop, this is the perfect game for you.Probably the series most famous feature are the killcams.The killcam in the first part was a cinematic killcam, which showed the point of impact very detailed.The Killcam in the second part took it one step further, now you could watch the bullet ripping it's way through the targets flesh, bones and organs.In the third  part they added the muscle tissue,veins and all that stuff.This make's Sniper Elite 3  one of the most graphic games out there.Just buy it and see for yourself.PS:Hitler only has one ball"
76561198122021447,Recommended,238090,14446991,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,yummyNikNak,This game is the BEST SNIPER SIMULATER EVER!!!!! a bit pricy but i got it just in for 75% off one heq of a deal!YES ITS SHORT ONLY 8 MISSION CAMPAIN BUT YOU CAN SHOOT PEOPLE IN THE TESTIES!!!!!!!!!11/10if you get the mission to kill hitler YOU CAN SHOOT HIM IN THE BALLS!!!!!!!50/10 FOR THAT PART!
,Recommended,238090,26079524,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,DrgnLive,"I have not played yet Sniper Elite 1&2I saw a limited time for free playSo I installed and played without thinking twice, I bought itAfter this game I will play the Sniper Elite 1&2Greats:GraphicsThe slow mo very goodRun perfectlyThe game is not easyBad:Some bugs, but they not bother.I enjoyed every minute of this game :D(Sorry for my English)"
76561197992736198,Recommended,238090,13818591,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Greybear,It has great graphics and dispite some movement disruptions I enjoyed it a lot.  Even the DLCs have some merit to them and it gets much more fun when in co-op mode. I would recomnend it for most everyone.  Have fun.
76561198059641737,Not Recommended,238090,25913980,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Sevrin,"The only good thing about this game is the bulletcam. Watching your enemies testicles explode or faces get just destroyed is extremely amusing. You'd think it'd get old fast but I enjoyed it through the entire campaign. Which brings us to the first issue.The campaign is way too short. I completed it in a night.The weapon selection and customization options are lacking, and some rifles that are unlocked at the very start of the game are just better than others in every possible way. It's pointless to have a bunch of unlocked rifles where some of them are just♥♥♥♥♥♥The detection system for enemies is glitchy, especially vehichles and muffled sounds from planes.Any time you damage a vehichle, even if its with a landmine and you are on the other side of the map, it knows exactly where you are instantly and you suddenly get ""attacking"" status and all enemies know where you are. Plus any time it loses sight of you and you come back into it's field of vision it sees you within a fraction of a second, turns the cannon absurdly fast (think like one of those weird garrysmod videos) and fires a shot. All within about one second.Planes fly overhead on most missions periodically providing sound cover for your shots, but while you can hear the plane flying by with the same noise and volume every time, you only get sound cover from it some of the time. Also on at least one of the levels the planes don't seem to fly overhead if you're stationary. Only when moving around the map making them useless to help you snipe which is their entire purpose.The game is full of invisible walls, cliffs that should be easily scalable but are instead impassable AND the terrain is unrealistic. So like, the worst of both worlds.Many of the good sniping points, hell even most of them, are inaccessible by stealth until you've taken out half or more of the enemies that you'd want to be in the sniping point to take out. I don't feel so much like a sniper in this game as a grunt.There are an unrealistic number of explosives EVERYWHERE. EVERYTHING EXPLODES. And yet somehow the explosives are almost never in a useful spot.In the difficulty screen they try to boast that there's a difficulty level for sniping purists. Enemies that work together to root you out and hunt you down, and gravity affecting bullet trajectories. First of all, what about wind? you're gonna put gravity in but not wind? But the real problem is the enemies on the highest difficulty are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. The AI is average at best. They don't work together to hunt you down, they occassionally walk in a straight line towards your position, always hitting traps and almost always by themselves.I've never been flanked by enemies trying to trap me, I've never had enemies avoid or disarm my traps after they saw their buddy get blown up by the first one, or despite the fact that the trap is an anti tank mine sitting in plain sight. And much of the time I can sit in one position, pick off two enemies, wait for the detection bar to go down, pick of two more, and repeat till all enemies are dead, even though they heard where my shot came from, they never come to investigate.Overall the game was fun but very disappointing for something that supposedly was aiming to be difficult and realistic. If you're going to buy it, buy it for the gimmick, the bulletcam. It's so ♥♥♥♥ing funny."
,Recommended,238090,25997034,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,zhensachiko,"- bought the game to be a sniper- played single player campaign- tried to locate an enemy that was out of the scope range- paused the game- grabbed my glasses, magnifying glass and telescope- unpaused the game- headshot the enemy- achieved an Achievement11/10 would do the same thing again."
,Recommended,238090,25909582,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Quarter Pounder,This is a amazing game love the Graphics
,Recommended,238090,14394823,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Ethan,"If There's anything ive learned from the Sniper Elite Franchise is that sniper's in WW2 had amazing stories. Not having really any knowledge or interest in the past Sniper Elite games *Cough* Sniper Elite V2 *Cough* I was convinced by my friend to pick it up and it was on sale so I decided to pick it up and so far it's amazing.The graphics are beyond beautiful, And the gameplay get's better and better as I play, I just absolutly love this  new feature where loud noises and destractions will mask your shots. You play as Karl Fairburne, a sniper working for the British Intellegence. As you play you will unlock new sniper's, machine gun's, pistol's, and more items to arm yourself with. How the maps are designed are incredable and fun to play on.Coop is the icing on the cake. Playing this with friends is so much fun. There are 8 maps  (Not including DLC) but are so much fun and long. The only downsides are the Assassinate Hitler mission is a DLC, and multiplayer is not that good. So overall this game deserves a 9.5/10"
,Not Recommended,238090,31436396,Posted: 29 April,all,Rob c,"The first few minutes of playing this game was very fun accually, and I had a great time.HOWEVER; after a few minutes (15 or so), the game crashed. I thought (hoped) this was a one time thing, but now every time I decide to play this game the same exact problem occurs. and every time it crashes, I have to restart my whole pc because you can't use your mouse."
76561198049997692,Not Recommended,238090,16723822,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Ultra Mega-DeathDick OverLord,"greatest ""Sniper Elite -but-not-really 3"" simulator of 2007not worth"
76561197985345292,Not Recommended,238090,19902615,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,AzGor,I felt that this game failed to entertain as much as Sniper Elite 2 did. There was less opportunities to use traps in this game and the best tactic to get the job was to use the silent handgun which wasn't fun at all. Also the snipers in the game were more of a nuisance than anything else.Overall I wouldn't buy this just for the singeplayer because the missions were boring but also because it is also very short.EDIT: Played the coop with my friend and we are very disappointed how bad the maps were in comparison of the Sniper Elite 2 maps. They were much better as in Sniper Elite 3 you just have big maps where you shoot people and that is almost it. They really rushed to just publish this game and grab the money....
76561198035561209,Recommended,238090,10893988,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,[BnB]Swamp*Dawg,You can shoot balls of people
76561197997952012,Not Recommended,238090,26085189,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Darkprojectx,"The game is ok, controles are really ported from a console.But the biggest issue with the game is that you get disconnected several times and returned to your desktop.""Issue with the steam servers, error code 41"".It is a shame that games are supported like this. The more games I buy on Steam the more♥♥♥♥♥♥I receive."
76561198073700330,Not Recommended,238090,26091210,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Syralth,"(Review made taken in consideration the Authentic difficulty of the game, written upon completing it fully)Pistol Elite 3, you'l spend most of the time killing with your pistol which is the only silenced weapon at your disposal, only to find that when you find good oportunities to make use of your sniper rifle, they are very poor and uninteresting (and sometimes uneffective despite the game flagging it as a good place). At authentic dificulty theres some segments that all you need is luck to go though, if thats not with you, all your 1 hour flawless work is reset cause of something that either doesnt make sense or a lack of NPC build, which by the way, is awful. Finally and personally, you wont find much ""sniper"" content in the game taking out the infiltration and hiding which are the only decent aspects built into this game. After buying this game, check market, theres a lot more that will give you a better experience. personally, this one stands a glorified game series that went from good/decent to a strict fail and is definitly on the bottom of development."
76561197981691008,Recommended,238090,11016545,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Pootmaster General,"Hi I'm Sheepdog and I have both positive and negative things to say...The Positive is about the game itself, which I really enjoy and can be found here :https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ek5Yq8x6ZHE"
76561198287406717,Recommended,238090,25923947,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,sully4252,"This is a good game, I am pleasantly surprised. The graphics are very good, and the game play is easy to understand.  For the price this is an excellent game to have in your inventory."
,Not Recommended,238090,31411302,Posted: 28 April,all,Chris is gambling,"To be honest, the second game felt better to control. Also I don't like the theme that it is playing in, Germany was better there."
76561198011074624,Recommended,238090,12022913,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,andykeltic,great game
76561198065356541,Recommended,238090,25808764,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,waterwolf10,"stealth, adding +500 hours to gameplay since 1994"
,Recommended,238090,34649035,Posted: 31 August,all,Master C,The game mechanism changed a lot.You can't fully heal yourself automatically by time.You've to run away if your cover is blown as the enemies will not stop alerting unless you ran away.This makes your sniper rifle not so useful: you can't shoot without waiting a sound mask... or you are ready to sweep the map.Don't think that you can fail a coop game just because you've checkpoints.You have a very high chance to get your partner disconnected after you failed.The game will then kick you back to the lobby and you'll have to play the whole mission again.
76561198000785358,Recommended,238090,34835486,Posted: 9 September,all,TheCombatWombat,"Stood up. Got headshot.10/10, would get headshot again!More seriously, though... it's a good game that does exactly what it says on the tin, and does it well. If you're looking for runny, jumpy, shooty arena action, you won't find it here. Unless you like to die a lot. If you like to play patiently, observing the enemy, planning your attack, timing your shots with other noise to disguise them etc. this is YOUR kinda game!"
,Recommended,238090,35280755,Posted: 28 September,all,✪ Totoroo ✪,"THIS IS THE BEST SHOOTER GAME I EVER PLAY !!!Really love it, 10/10I Fall in love with the graphic and the gameplay~"
,Recommended,238090,31478198,Posted: 30 April,all,Ｍｅｇａｎｏｍａｎｉx,The game is great..you can shoot nazi soldiers.you can shoot nazi sniper.you can shoot nazi soldiers in tanks.you can shoot nazi testicles.you can shoot nazi hilter.and more important... you can see how a windows 10 update ♥♥♥♥s up all that!!!
,Recommended,238090,11073182,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Jarofmoldymayo,"Sniper Elite 3 realy is an improvment on V2. It had wider open levels, more variation in color and a more distinct visual style, and runs well even on my modest machine.It's also still got the very satisfying sniping mechanics from the previous game without just forcing you from setpiece to setpiece via corridors. You really can choose your postition now and try to come up with a plan on how best to deal with each area.The weapon choice is somewhat limited but really their isn't much they can do with different sniper rifles to make them very distinct.All together it's a very good sequel to the best facist-testicle-sniping game of 2012."
,Not Recommended,238090,21097175,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,PaleSalad,"This game lets you make very important choises that really impact gameplay. well really there's only one ""should I try and use cover?"". Cover, as we all know from other games, is great when you're trying to stealth passed enemies or for soaking up those bullets from them once you finally get seen, but Sniper Elite 3 takes things further then that. The cover even blocks your bullets, despite the fact that when you look through the scope it looks like you have a perfect shot, BUT WAIT there's more. When in cover, say a watch tower designed to be sniped from, the cover will help you decide to go down a more peacful path by not letting you shoot at all. I MEAN HOW GREAT IS THAT?!?! This game is like sex, by that I simply mean it ♥♥♥♥s you.3===D/10 Bite the pillow this game's going dry.Also the dev is sueing a better company for no good reason, simply because they don't want their names attached to a product that actually works."
,Not Recommended,238090,23874876,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Sofia Matata,"Coop is broken and that's the reason I bought this. After spending over an hour in a single level, you die and checkpoints don't work. Start the whole level over. In other ways it feels very rushed. Several bugs bother you from the start. Authentic ballistics is a joke, 50 yards from muzzle and the bullet has dropped a couple of feet. Enemies are dummkopfs who forget about you if you bother to move a bit, and don't care about their dead friends after that point. The whole game leaves you to wonder why did they make such a bad sequel to a somewhat good V2."
76561198017131022,Not Recommended,238090,24096289,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,STi Scooby,"This game has more bugs than most betas i have played. I only played co/op but it was extremely buggy to the point i had to stop playing. Also walking on small areas and around ladders is cumbersome and felt sloppy, neither a well-tested game nor good for anything even remotely competitive. Very disappointed to see they are busy developing sniper elite 4 before making 3 fully playable."
,Recommended,238090,11000145,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Zombie Burger $2.99,"Edit: i have not totaly reversed my judgment of the game as it still needs bug fixes, but, I have played an awfull lot of it and still keep comming to play it.After all sniping can be fun.So I am recommending it , but with a few caveats.But Still;This game needs to be patched to fix some horrible game ruining featues /glithes /bugs.1) Using Binoculars in this game is a horrible affair.Textures fade in and out from low to high and vice versa.It is the worst depth of field I have ever seen and totaly ruins the gameplay.2) There seem to be invisible walls or something for a lot of shots.Had a lovely shot lined up, scoped to the max, empty lung headshot, Clear view, nothing in my way.My bullet hit ??? about 100m out and that was that. 5 shots, same thing.3) In one level I was spotted through a wall AND Shot dead.another level I was spotted by guys 10m bellow me in a bunker.4) the sound masking works when it wants to work, you can hear the LOUD sound and sometimes it will display the Icon for a masked shot, other times you just have to leg it.5) tanks and other vehicles can see you behind them, Tried sneaking up on a tank from behind. Turret was forward, so no way he can see me. Well all went great till I planted dynamite, then the turret swung around and followed me as I ran around the tank, so close that I could have keyed it. So then I was stuck, move away from the hull and get blasted.6) the Ai is crap / brilliant / accurate and lousy all at the same time.They give up too easily. They don't notice the guy in front just got his head blown off. They hang around in the open searching, etc.7) there is autosave AND a load last save option as well as a Load game option. I have yet to figure out how to access the load game feature as I presumed it was for loading an earlier autosave. nope.8) The controls are a mess, fell off a cliff trying to back my character up, he turned in a circle and fell.you can sprint in straight lines but forget about turning as the sensitivity on the mouse drops way off.Easiest way is sprint, stop,turn sprint.The mouse contols vary between the in game map, the main screen and the character movement and the aiming. Some feel a bit floaty, others sharp. mouse smoothing was off and mouse acceleration was off.The option to reduce mouse lag had no effect at all.9) The campaign missions all follow the same patern.Get to a location, shoot/find something, etc.. and when you think you've finished, enter the boss match, some overwhelming force you must deal with or something to protect.10) The view distances with the scopes is nothing compared to Sniper Elite.If you want to kill at 500m+ range, then good luck.This game thrilled me for 1 hour then just bored / annoyed me for the rest.If you played S.E v2 this is not much of an improvement..If you just want to snipe, then by all means get this."
,Recommended,238090,16380958,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,whiskeY./JacKisLove,"Bought this game at steam summer sale 2k15 with 70% off. For first this is STEALTH based game. So if you dont like to play STEALTH, DONT BUY IT. Otherwise its one of the best stealth game i have ever played. Loud is an option too but when for example: you are fighting with 5 enemies you can die easily, its not like GTA V. So its better to play stealth. I already played this game for like 3 hours so i cant rate the campaign but i like the gameplay mechanics etc..EDIT: After finishing the campaign, i have to say that this game was definetly worth 14€ but sadly not more. I rly enjoyed the story, but for me it was rly short - only like 8/9 missions, thats simply not enough for 30€+ game.. so my advice just wait for next sales then buy it.."
,Recommended,238090,25938521,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Idle,"""Guns, Lot of guns.""Combination of Shooting + Stealth/ Assasination + may be anatomy.Smooth Play + Nice Graphics in notebook.[# i5 2.2 GHz, ram 4 Gb, On broad NVIDIA Geforce 820M]Lucky to try during the free period, that made me decision to buy."
76561197993766118,Recommended,238090,13464236,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Whitenight,Great game
,Recommended,238090,11463599,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Pea$e',I have played every sniper elite and loved them this one aswell!!!But the story is complete garbage tbh but i did still enjoy the f out of this game
76561198021527537,Recommended,238090,11107062,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,EvilSushi,Awesome game.Awesome game.Buy it! Buy it!
76561198003525416,Not Recommended,238090,20021888,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,look... no hands,"Did not like, not even at the 10 dollar price point, wish I could get my money back. Might see it though just because I've already payed for it.  End up using the damn silenced pistol most of the time. Gameplay feels too much like work, less like fun."
,Recommended,238090,31785114,Posted: 16 May,all,ネクサス,"do no listen to these reviews, because for me the game works great and i also have a nvidia gpu and zero crashes whatsoever, but still I would kinda recommend to buy this game on sale just in case if some of you are experiencing crashes, but either way the game looks great and i recommend it (y)"
76561198019623419,Not Recommended,238090,26099954,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Kregna,"Not bad. Very repetitive though...Shoot, relocate, shoot, relocate. Stealth is so boring I don't even bother (and I normally love stealth games). But having to run 30ft between every single shot gets tiring fast"
76561198001572388,Not Recommended,238090,19164817,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Moist Money,"Remember there was a time that it was fun to shoot hordes of Nazis in shooter games ? Well, either that time has passed or I got too old for it and shot way too many Nazis to get bored of it. Eventhough I picked it on a sale for dirt cheap, this game barely deserves the price. It has nice visuals and the infamous bullet cam but that's pretty much it. Desert is a nice touch but it has near to no change than the previous game so yeah, I'd say spend your money elsewhere. It's very repetitive and you do the same thing in every mission. It has many historical inaccuracies but I guess that's why it's a game. So yeah, then again if you do love to shoot around random dudes to spend time, I guess it'd be up to your street. These though are my opinions. If I have to rate this I guess I'd give it a 4-5/10."
,Recommended,238090,31430378,Posted: 28 April,all,Magii,I f*cking love collecting myself some testicles. Best $10 I've ever spent.
,Recommended,238090,24504077,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,N0L1Mp0S,"I don't need to tell you the misc parts so here's the most important one...It took me 3 hours for 1 mission...and that's the 2nd mission.It's stealth is very good and gameplay synchs with the stealth.Perfect match if you ask me,Worth it(on sale)."
76561198094775445,Recommended,238090,34705580,Posted: 3 September,all,Envy,"Nice graphic (8/10)Stealth skill needed,  n beat ur enemy,Get xp on single/multiplayer mode.Nice 3rd person sniper game (8.5/10)"
76561197969417125,Recommended,238090,34847692,Posted: 9 September,all,G00N3R,"Sniper Elite 3 is a third person shooter set in Africa during World War 2. Originally released in 2014, it still holds up as an enjoyable game by today’s standards.As you would imagine by the game’s title, your primary weapon is a sniper rifle, but you can also carry a pistol, and an SMG. There are three or four types of each weapon to choose from, but honestly the starting sniper rifle and silenced pistol felt so good to use that I just stuck with them. You can also equip various types of grenades and mines which are useful for destroying tanks.There’s a strong focus on stealth, you can crawl along the ground to stay out of sight, perform instant melee kills with a knife, and use loud noises such as the engines of planes flying overhead to mask your rifle fire. Levels are designed to give you multiple paths to reach your objectives, allowing you to avoid or flank some enemies. Its the forgiving style of stealth that I personally enjoy - if you make a mistake and get detected, there’s no instant mission fail, you can go loud and fight your way out of the mess.My only real problem with the game is that the AI is a bit too videogamey. After being detected, if you find a place to hide quietly for a minute or two, enemy soldiers will just give up their search and go back to their normal patrol routes. I think it would make more sense if they kept searching until they found you – especially if they’ve seen you kill their friends.I finished the campaign in just under 8 hours, which felt a bit short, but on the other hand the fact that I wanted more, clearly meant that I was enjoying the game. I didn’t encounter any bugs or crashes. Controls are fully rebindable and work great with mouse and keyboard.If, like me, you previously overlooked Sniper Elite 3, and you’re in the mood to shoot some Nazis, you might want to consider picking this up on the next sale."
,Recommended,238090,11982248,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Monaxide,Shot a guy through the eye11/10
,Recommended,238090,32662101,Posted: 22 June,all,Matuzka,Now that's what I like!X-ray and slow motion headshots - PERFECTION!
76561198028043855,Recommended,238090,14354614,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Peen,mediocre
,Not Recommended,238090,32917104,Posted: 28 June,all,Skribnix,The game is good but only 8 missions for a singleplayer game that is a bit short for my standards.
,Recommended,238090,34177120,Posted: 11 August,all,Xhoomer,"I picked up this game on sale, thanks to my friend , who told me about this game. It's definitely one of the best sniping and war games i've ever played, and definitely worth it to buy on sale. Currently i am on 7th hour, and i did not finished the game yet, so if you think that this game is short, you're wrong. Game is well optimized, and it's interesting game, but there's only one flaw about this game, and that is occasional freezing, i hope that Rebellion will fix this issue. Other than that, it's worth every penny, and i really , really love it."
76561198058757445,Not Recommended,238090,11087951,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,SureShot,"Sniper Elite 3 (SE3) is a big step down from SE2. This game is clearly unfinished & filled with problems. At first I was disappointed that you don't get your shooting percentage but after seeing that at times it can take 3 to 9 shots to kill a guy I understood why.  If you don't press ""E"" when using your scope the shots can bounce off like he's covered from head to toe in metal. One very frustrating problem is when you try to shoot over or in between rails & your shots just hit the rail even if your barrel is past the rail. There are also graphic problems & the only way to resolve them is to exit out of the game then come back in. Trust me that you don't want to pay full price for this game, I think the game is worth about $20.00 so wait until it comes on sale. I expected so much more out of SE3 after playing SE2. It would be nice if you had your shot percentage (after they fix the shooting) & also the amount of head shot kills. I haven't tried the MP but seeing they never did make it work in SE2 I don't expect MP will work very well in SE3 as well."
,Recommended,238090,11068760,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Blackman78,"This game is a very good sniper game, and it also focuses on sneaking."
,Recommended,238090,21008562,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,DeadPoolX,"Sniper Elite 3 (SE3) takes place in Northern Africa, which is a theatre often neglected in WWII games. Usually games focus on the European Theatre (western and/or eastern fronts) and slightly less often, the Pacific Theatre. That's a nice change and presents a locale that hasn't been overused.Something I also like about North Africa is that despite it being mostly a rocky desert, there is still plenty of environmental plant life to make the scenary appear not quite as depressing. I remember in Sniper Elite v2 (SEv2) thinking that the constant use of broken and blasted buildings became quite tiring, despite it being accurate for the location.SE3 brings in slight RPG aspects, in that your equipment has various stats. The rifles in particular are interesting because you can greatly modify them using parts you find as you play. That said, many of the ""better"" rifles and pistols are only available in DLC packages, but it's entirely possible to play through the whole game and do exceptionally well without ever spending a dime on any DLC.The overall game mechanics are similar to SEv2. On easier difficutly levels you don't have to account for gravity (bullet drop) or wind, and pressing the focus button (the default is ""E"") enhances your zoom and slows down time. You have a limited amount of focus and if you expend it before firing, you'll zoom out and time will resume as normal. Fortunately, focus replenishes by itself.Head shots are preferable to body shots, although I've managed to kill enemies after hitting them in the leg. You can perforate major blood vessels and organs (seen through an x-ray view when hitting the enemy), which the game acknowledges, but I don't know if that really makes a difference as far as killing them goes. I believe the game really just takes into account general location damage, so a high velocity shot to the abdomen might result in a kill, regardless of it tearing apart the intestines or kidneys.Remaining undetected is a major part of SE3. You can do this by using your sidearm (assuming you've taken either the Welrod or the HDM, both of which have suppressors attached to them), stabbing an unsuspecting enemy in the back, or using noise to hide your sniper shots. Noise cover can range from artillery fire to PA announcements to sabotaging a generator.Although you have a secondary weapon (which can be anything from a Thompson submachine gun to a Panzerschrek, which is essentially a rocket launcher), using it will undoubtedly cause a ton of noise, thereby attracting scores of enemy soldiers who will overwhelm you on anything except the lowest difficultly level. Even then, it's still fairly easy to die, so it's best to avoid that scenario entirely if at all possible.Unlike SEv2, enemies DO NOT suddenly pop up out of nowhere. Reinforcements can be called in (usually through scripted events), but you won't have to deal with inching forward after clearing an area only to come upon a soldier who materialized out of thin air.The campaign takes place over eight long missions. In contrast to SEv2, which relied entirely on checkpoints, SE3 allows you to save whenever and wherever you wish using manual saves and quicksaves. Some players might find this ""cheap"" or refer to it as ""save scumming,"" but to me it's simply a matter of convenience, which lets me play for as long or as little as I choose.Multiplayer takes the form of PvP and PvE Co-op. In PvP multiplayer, you play on a team and fight other players, whereas in PvE Co-op, its you and your teammate against the AI.In co-op, you have three choices:1. Play through the entire campaign in co-op mode.2. Play specific downloaded missions.3. Play unique asymetric assignments, where one player has a sniper rifle and a pistol, and the other player has a pistol, secondary weapon (such as an MP-40), and binoculars.A shooting range has also been added as an extra single player mode, which lets you practice with all the weapons, including explosives.No matter how good SE3 is, there are some problems.When playing co-op, the campaign missions only use temporary checkpoint saves (as opposed to the ""save anywhere"" method in single player), which can make for some exceptionally long game times. These checkpoints only last for the duration of the session, so if you quit, you'll have to start over the beginning of the mission.This has been a problem for my wife and me, as although we enjoy SE3, we don't always feel like spending four hours or so on one mission. It would be nice if the game at least saved the progress of the mission on the host's machine and allowed the players to continue where they left off.The asymetric missions almost always include a ""horde mode"" component, where you have to defend against waves upon waves of enemies. In a game like SE3, where stealth and not being noticed is generally considered important, this seems very out-of-place and if you're not ready for it, quite jarring as well.Something else that's of general annoyance is the way a weapon's stats are presented. Using a combination of white, yellow, and red bars to denote standard, improved, and reduced stats (when comparing other weapons to your currently armed weapon), understanding the bars can be unclear, at least at first. I would've preferred numbers instead of nondescript bars, but it's not a big deal overall.In the end, would I recommend Sniper Elite 3? Absolutely. If you're the least bit interested in playing a sniper and World War II, there's no reason for me to not recommend this game."
,Recommended,238090,24975286,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Cucuusa,This could take 'biology' lessons to a whole new level.
76561198026456960,Not Recommended,238090,17929778,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Klaus von Peiper,"every guy you kill died the exact same way, the rifles are very slow to bolt and the waiting for an ""all clear"" takes forever."
,Recommended,238090,31047322,Posted: 9 April,all,KingSin,"Sniper Elite III is a third-person tactical shooter stealth game, set around three years prior to the events of V2 in North African where you learn of a secret wonder weapon programmed by the Nazi forces.------------------------------excellent graphicsexcellent gameplay and effectsexcellent sound and musicgood storyGAME HAVE CO-OP------------------------------worth money and timehighly recommend this game !"
76561198022569671,Recommended,238090,22895818,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,SovietWrath,8/10 would play again.
,Recommended,238090,31168620,Posted: 15 April,all,Galiford,Shot Hitler in the testicles.10/10
,Not Recommended,238090,24610800,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Super Hugger,"More technical difficulties than a state school server room. For the want of a new release after V2 for the same reasons, I can't see how there's been any improvement on the first. While the gameplay sets in after a couple of missions, there's a feel for how the Welrod and rifle pair up, but the last save point becomes the most used feature. The list of issues can be accredited to jittery animations, almost like they know you're watching, and the age old know-it-all AI. Take down an alerted enemy, the only of several who know where you are, and the rest come running to your exact position, never having seen you. There also seems to be a bug in the way concealed gunfire works in conjunction with a canon or dodgy stationary motor. Countless times the AI went on alert after shooting during the covering noise, making it confusing to know the outcome of options. AI enjoyed screwing up multiple attempts by detecting my movement through walls, and I don't mean on account of running, but by their mesh sifting through the wall and somehow seeing me. A WTF moment including being shot by a soldier who was shooting me, as he hung suspended in a wall (see screenshots). Other soldiers fired through the corners of buildings, without head-view of my position. A run through the underground/basement tunnel of a hill somehow alerted soldiers on the summit, as they cascaded down to my position. The animations even included unnatural movements making well set up rifling utterly clumsy. Most rifle nests also come with no gunfire cover, so it's game on if you want to use them. The upside of all this bumbling around is cracking the idiodic AI in the melon with a big calibre rifle. After all, they embody the frustrations with clunky algorithms well enough to feel a sense of satisfaction popping a pair of eyes out. It works really well on the level of infuriating the player into enough of a rage to really want to put a thousand pounds of shrapnel into the back of someone's centre mass. The problem is, and many times over, this often won't kill the target, as they fumble forward, about face, and successfully put machine gun bullets in your head from the hip a good 70 metres off. Lovely. :/"
76561198124799233,Not Recommended,238090,24070828,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Helen Killer,"The sniping is fun, but there's so much filler crammed inbetween. The stealth is not enjoyable. The animations are weird and not at all organic, and gameplay quirks really ruin the experience, such as not being able to crouch when moving a body. While playing the stealth portioins, I often found myself thinking, ""You know what else I have installed on this computer? Dishonored. Why am I playing this when I could be playing that?"" If you have the money, I reccomend MGSV. It is better in almost every way.2/5."
,Not Recommended,238090,11243797,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,AgentAtomic,"This game isn't completely bad, it's fun but I couldn't recommend paying $50 for it. Every level is the exact same, at least the first 6 are that I've played so far. They're all open levels that give you the opportunity to choose where to go and how to go about completing the objective but essentially they're all the same only different times of day and different locations. Almost every level I've played so far also has the same ending: ""Destroy the tank and escape!!1!!"" Gets pretty old really soon.Using anything other than the sniper rifle is also a pain. This was a problem in Sniper Elite V2 and it seems they didn't fix/change anything. Sometimes I'll shoot an enemy in the head with my silenced pistol and he'll just stumble backwards and be like ""wtf there is a guy here let's kill him"" ruining my stealthing. Sniping is really the only good part of the game.But yeah, as I said, it's not all bad. I just wouldn't buy it at the price it is now... even though I already did."
76561198273372505,Not Recommended,238090,31440218,Posted: 29 April,all,PaGz,"i have to say i like the game so far but im not going to play it anymore, crashes every 10mins. just dont waste your money and time on this game untill they fix it."
,Not Recommended,238090,31446292,Posted: 29 April,all,Kapsi_G,every 15 minutes a bug appears.Well ♥♥♥♥ me rebelion!DON'T BUY THIS GAME
,Recommended,238090,11147284,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Wambulance,"Fun coop modes, you would enjoy unless you're a d.ouchebag named Freeman or Corpsy or Valk."
,Not Recommended,238090,24215058,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,PotatoLeague,The actual sniping in the game is pretty good. Its fun and somewhat accurate to real world ballistics. Everything else isn't. Movement is awkward as is most other facets of gameplay. The stealth mechanics are relentlessly shoved down the players throat and aren't really fun.
76561198039506974,Not Recommended,238090,23945414,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,ChanSama,"6/10. Pretty Dumb. The only exciting thing about this game is what you can see on this store page: cool slow-motion (only fun for, like first 20 kills. But you need to kill like 50 enemies per level), probably one or two Hitler or Churchill related mission.The missions are mostly dull. You just shoot and run all the time. Gets pretty tedious after a few hour's play. I'm probably not gonna even finish this game. Gosh, the last mission I played had a tiny map, but I was asked to run repeating routes to complete the mission. It sucks, feels like forcing me to waste time.The controls are pretty weird sometimes, too."
76561198069938869,Recommended,238090,24093861,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Zahkrii,Exploding BrainsExploding LungsExploding TesticlesExploding CarsWhat's not to love?
,Not Recommended,238090,24258369,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Harizio,"The game is fun sometimes but a lot of the levels are broken with lazy developement.-There are multiple spots in missions where there are special enemies that will stay completely hidden & unkillable until you hit an invisible trigger and they pop out of cover at the worst possible time.-Enemies will often survive after being shot in the head with a heavy rifle on ""authentic"".-The enemies have the memory of a goldfish. Even on authentic you can start a full-on firefight and the enemies will forget you exist after running away for 15 seconds.-The AI sees trough some of the walls, fences and bushes.-Shot masking breaks every now and then. Sometimes your shot gets detected when you masked it and other times the enemies can't hear you no matter how much you spam.-The Siwa Oasis mission has many bugs that cause the mission to fail even when you complete the objectives"
76561198085164281,Not Recommended,238090,28863105,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Big Tiddy Monk,"I got this game for 10 bucks on sale.What I got was worth maybe 3 bucks. A like five mission long campaign and two solo survival missions. All of the other content I guess is DLC, and it's frankly a little annoying when so are most of the weapons. That is, annoying in the context where the reward for doing well in the shooting range is getting to look at and use the DLC weapons but only in that range, nowhere else.Gameplays okay I guess. Not great, but not bad. I at least enjoyed what I was diong"
,Not Recommended,238090,10993761,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Taihou,A slightly more open world version of SE2 set in africa. Nothing much better. with Rebellion revoking 7k keys and sueing Ironclad for naming their game Sins of a Solar Empire: Rebellion (lost in US court 2 years ago). Why you will want to buy a game from a developer who cares no PR or YOU? plus the game is not even really a big improvement from SE2.
,Not Recommended,238090,31427598,Posted: 28 April,all,☢HZN☢ [FN] [FG] deadskull121™,Rebellion don't get me wrong i love this game but the friggin crashes every 15 minutes made hunt the grey wolf take longer for me to beat then it should have so please fix this
76561197963188041,Not Recommended,238090,14418111,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Lurper,"What a waste of money. Glad I bought it for 70% off. Lost me in the first 5 minutes. The ballistics in the game are garbage. Almost a foot drop at 50 meters from a 30-06, really? As a professional shooter and instructer, I can't understand why game manufacturers can't take the time to learn how firearms and ballistics really work. Don't waste your money."
,Recommended,238090,11158649,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Spirit-Fury,"I strongly reccomend this game! There is a lot more silenced pistol work, and more sneaking around. The damage-cam work is Excellent, almost like a trauma anatomy class! Enjoy! :)"
,Recommended,238090,11966468,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,PeanutButter,"Long gameplay for each missions, cool ballistic cams and you can even play co-op with your friends as a spotter or sniper."
,Recommended,238090,11975744,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,LAG_TJR,"Top notch stuff, with the great graphics and vivid colours in contrast with the previous Sniper Elite servings, Sniper Elite 3 is a great showing in the sniper simulation series, focusing on the war against the Nazis, and the road to kill the head of the beast"
76561197998193047,Recommended,238090,11980635,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Hitman,When you think that they can't do anything to improve the game ... they do.  I can't wait to see what they do with Sniper Elite 4!!!  This is an awesome addtion to the Sniper Elite series!!!
76561198006354923,Recommended,238090,11991584,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,IIICoAxEsIII,recommend
,Recommended,238090,12016080,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,m1a2tanky,Game is good graphics is great
76561198011626280,Recommended,238090,12029105,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Dr. Strangelove,"I liked this game a lot, like its predecessors Sniper Elite and Sniper Elite V2. The interface makes it a bit more easy - not as hard as previous versions on hardest level. Added a nice knifing stealth kill. What I really miss is the possibility to shoot grenades off the belt of German soldiers -- making them explode. Certainly I did expect more maps included; the extra DLC maps are few and relatively expensive. AND of course, as it is situated in Africa, I would have LOVED if they would have thrown in some lions, snakes, crockodiles and such attacking you unexpectedly as you were sneaking up to your enemies. Or some herds of wildebeasts to startle and stampede over your targets (or at least creating a diversion). I would like a bit better AI: when you find a dead comrade in your camp, you dont just look out for enemies for 30 secs but would comb out the area I'd think. But nice graphics and very playable interface and controls. Overall a very fun game to play if you like sniping, stealth and tactics."
,Recommended,238090,12030943,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Sheniab,"What a great game,. I wish it had more!"
76561198065443101,Recommended,238090,12033004,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,[TDBH] JSHWAR,All i have to say is that its one of those games that are really easy to get adicted too. playing SE3 with a group of friends can easly turn into an all out fire fight that can last for hours and only feel like a few minutes.
,Recommended,238090,12039458,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Naughty Monkey,Game is amazing!
76561198069541912,Recommended,238090,12071531,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Anton The Outlaw,"This Sniper Elite game supports stealth much more then the second game but you can always start gunfights and get x-rays or be stealthy, both of them are a lot of fun, don't forget to check out the multiplayer or just play some co-op and have fun with your friends."
,Recommended,238090,11922274,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,EXL04,"I really liked the game and the ones before it in the series, but it is still quite easy to spot some of the minor bugs and glicthes, but there is one thing i missed in ""Sniper Elite 3"" and that is the opportunity to hook up with a random player instead of only ""Steam-Friend"" friedly co-op games because even though you may a alot of friends on your friend list but how often does most of your frinds have the exact same games as you in your libary?"
76561198013933884,Recommended,238090,25969403,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Loki_cz,Not bad.. but doesn't worth  Ł40
76561198094731742,Recommended,238090,11206762,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Someday Came Suddenly,"Sniper elite 3 is one of the most intricately designed games I’ve played it is just simply amazing from gameplay to graphics through and through. However I have only minor concerns here’s what I like and what I concern (keep in mind I have only played the game on sniper elite difficulty and easier difficulties tampers with AI intelligence and bullet physics also I haven’t finished the game yet I’m about maybe halfway through)•	Realistic bullet physics very well done also all snipers are completely different in stats and it can be very fun experimenting which one suits your play style and sniping skill (sniper elite / authentic difficulties)•	Extremely smart AI (sniper elite / authentic difficulties)•	Huge maps exploring is a must and just feels right very fruitful as well•	Many different ways to handle objectives (however on sniper elite difficulty  going in guns blazing partially suicidal its possible but very hard, authentic difficulty you might as well just shoot yourself)•	wide-ranging  modifications and upgrades for each rifle•	well-designed all maps are unique from one another and a pass or bridge could have another hidden 5 different ways to cross for either a stealthy approach or a ambush point to gain an upper hand in a firefight•	gunplay is great if any then minor unnoticed problems•	bullet time allows you to see were your bullet hit and the damage it is doing its gruesomely attractive and extremely satisfying to watch for example your bullet ripping through the eye and peeling off the top of the skull of a Nazi officer or castrating a Nazi, yes there are testicle shots ashamed their no achievement for getting oneConcernso	not many weapons only 4 snipers 4 submachine guns 3 pistols and the first pistol “welrod” is the best pistol the other 2 are trasho	the story and some voice acting is skeletal (:my opinion: but who f*ck cares gameplay is great and it give you an excuse to shoot Nazis)o	if you want more maps and guns you have to buy the dlc’sOverall9.5/10"
,Not Recommended,238090,20135729,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,SototheMaster375,Just two ♥♥♥♥in maps on Survival and 3 co-op missions WOW!
,Recommended,238090,14847876,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,BlacklistedYoshi,"If you want to be a sniper without the whole,""Join the army"" hassle, then this is a purrfect game, realistic sniping ballistics, the game's stealth is pretty derp, otherwise Great. Definitely Get if your tired of that, ""CoD simple bullet, run with a sniper and shoot in the head but the guy still survives"" logic"
,Recommended,238090,16433862,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Morbo the Diddly-Do,Blew a nazi's testicles off. 10/10 even if I cringed.
76561198035650566,Recommended,238090,16447681,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Dr. Deadzone,"this is a sniper heavy game.... you want to not only headshot or kill 2 or whatever ppl with one stone... be advised you dont wanna alert ppl if ya can help it.... but the murphys law in this game is how long do i wanna stay in one spot before well either you can kill the alert off.... or you will get overrun.... this game cannot be played fast so some of the others that fit the profile of this kinda games, but it works for when you need to get from point a to point b till you are a bit close to the enemy.... and there are no suppressed weapons other then the welrod or .... if you get a dlc/ kill an enemy sniper for the alternate.... noobs might be trying the basic m1.... i would warn of its high recoil and low zoom being for a major disadvantage in any odds... it is best to replace it as soon as possible... however they really out did themselfs with the boltaction rifles.... if you are even curious of the other addons... for you noobs.. my recomendation svt40 camo... for you unhappy gamers that say you souldnt have to pay for this additional stuff i am with you all the way... there are a few maps where you can find some of the secondary weapons the dlc offer.... most of them.. are in coop... this game taught me about the pinacal most games can accomplish in turms of realism... however i would state this game this is barely a minor representaion with comical kinda ai that would be sutable forr a few laughs.... and the ai makes you WANT to kill them.. i have seen alot of guns from wwII fired at renactments.... however i have seen that mosin snipers can shoot thru metal and most the walls i have seen even thin brush board tends to stop bullets that and since bullet drop can be kinda wierd for a game typiclay played at the ranges of 50 to 300 yards... that i know iron sights could get a peron thru plz devs of this game... i am a sniper freak.. impress me"
76561198109612882,Recommended,238090,16358553,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,combatsmithen,I bought this game on sale for 15 dollars. It is fun and the x-ray cams are awesome. I got about  6 hours our of the singleplayer campaign. The campaign is short but its good. The AI are idiots though. you will be in the light crouching down with them looking at you from 50 meters away and they wont see you. Might be because i played on the easiet difficulty for ♥♥♥♥♥ and giggles. 8/10 would recommend. There is also multiplayer so you can play missions with friends :D
76561198041584331,Recommended,238090,11291610,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,rekt,"really cool game, only pitfall is theres no lobby as such for coop, you have to actually have a friend that owns it to play coop so if someone please add me that has so we can play coop"
76561197970485003,Recommended,238090,13767027,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Sketchy,"Great addition to the series.  If you like sneaking around solo and taking out entire encampments steathily one baddie at a time this game is for you.Pros: lots of opportunity for head shots or other specific organ shots.  Missions are fairly long and quite replayable allowing you to take different paths through each mission.  Graphics are great.Cons: I found the difficulty on all but the highest setting to be quite easy, but the highest setting to be very hard (and with no saves on the hardest setting, you need a flawless performance or its back to the start of the long mission).I totally suggest this game.Enjoy!"
,Recommended,238090,11209069,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,bossxiii,"really impressive, it can come back from the worst version, zombie nazi.I really like Elite V2 an play it again and again. This version still made me exciting with the scene and story."
76561198014697010,Recommended,238090,12424159,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Avromat.7,They improved a lot from Sniper Elite 2. Nobody can disagree onthat!But like some people said before it doesn't feel much polished or maybe isn't 100% finished yet.One thing that I didn't like it is that you are SNIPER but the stealth mechanic punishes you really hard if you try to use your sniper rifle. Sometimes it's better just to move around with your pistol and your knife.The slow-mo kill cam is awesome and I recommend because of that!
76561197997458320,Recommended,238090,11824167,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,ambiorx 2013],no visial impackt of de bullets
,Recommended,238090,11402070,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,TOG|Deathadder,"If you have played Sniper Elite 2 you will injoy the style it has that sence of realisim to a WW2 sim plus much more like Xray shots that you get when you get a head , and other parts to the body . ""If your a fan of Bones !!"""
76561197990934524,Recommended,238090,10918302,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,UberLolKage,wow such snipe wow great x-ray much kill wow
76561198107168890,Recommended,238090,14365564,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Limited Edition,"Awesome game, better than the first 2 which is a hard thing to achieve cos they were brilliant. love it!"
76561197977259201,Recommended,238090,14489872,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Ninja,"Better than the last one. Number 3, who'd of thunk"
76561198062763958,Recommended,238090,13670607,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,FlamingFist,It has too many bugs but it's so good sniper game.
,Recommended,238090,19670565,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,TippyTappy,Awesome game with an awesome Coop mode
76561197972746386,Recommended,238090,23984865,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,SaMcRo™,Very good Sniping game although pretty short campaign.  Levels are bigger than V2 with more ways to approach each one.Loved the more open feel to the levels.Wouldn't say it's worth full price (£40) but definitely worth checking out when it's on sale like I did (£8)Highly enjoyable and a worthy sequel to the brilliant Sniper Elite V2. Looking forward to the 4th entry.
,Recommended,238090,23990338,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Feliciano,"Great game, really enjoy playing it! Definitely worth the 10 dollars during summer sale, not sure if it is worth 50, although. This is a must play if you enjoy games that have optional stealth in almost every mission, and if you enjoy co-op campaign."
76561198275537058,Recommended,238090,23913390,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,7/11,amazing
,Recommended,238090,27098279,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Preet,"Story (7.5/10)As usual from sniper elite games,its not bad but it is getting kind of recycled. FOR THE GREATER GOOD OF THE WORLD WE GOTTA KILL (A,B,C,D, etc....) The character's persona is what you would expect from pervious games. I like it, but maybe they could introduce something different.Gameplay (8/10)Pretty much the same, i do like the fact that u can customize ur wepons further here and also and exp system is very good. Though the last saves are pretty annoying, (save from time to time urself.) I do like the exp system tho i dont see its point but still cool to have.Graphics (10/10)Freaking stunning, it is incredibly detailed, animations are very smooth and the background and little details make this game visually stunning.Overall: Get it when it is on sale."
,Recommended,238090,25952267,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,TheSaltChip,"This game is awesome, me being a really fan of sniping, loves this.And the best part of hit has to be the slow-mo, x-ray kills, I simply love them.The only downside is that it can be quite boring, and if you forget to save, it can be repetitive.But the fact to you could either be fully sneaky like, or be a real sniper and relocate, is a very good feature.This game would i recommend for anyone that likes sniping or being sneaky, and has patience, you really need patience."
,Recommended,238090,11598484,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Sea Beast 777,This game is fantastic!
76561198072692226,Recommended,238090,31666976,Posted: 10 May,all,BleedCreed,Great Game ! For All the crashing problems try rolling back your graphics drivers as it worked for my friend. All in all an awesome game especially the multiplayer part & would have been even better if coop had an option for saving.
,Recommended,238090,31655785,Posted: 9 May,all,King Arthur,"If you like sniping, stealth and shooting men testicle(in slow motion). Thats your game then."
,Recommended,238090,25954683,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Durcaz 💯,"I barely have any time in this game on pc but i have about 80 hours on xbox. If you think this game is too easy. Turn the difficulty to ""Sniper Elite"" and it will be very difficult and enjoyable."
,Recommended,238090,29395098,Posted: 21 January,all,[ZONE]BleedingEdge,Really awesome game
76561198169086900,Recommended,238090,32898843,Posted: 27 June,all,The Quackin,"Awesome game, great mechanics, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ computer but still awesome"
76561198208520784,Recommended,238090,21267567,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,FallenReaper101,"This is such an awesome game that will make you look twice at who's on that side of the hill. Watch Out, I'm coming for you......."
,Recommended,238090,21514684,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,imtiazk,"Its a good game but i expected much more out of it. The duration of the game is average it could have been much longer.Glitches as we try corner or hidden shots, even when the enemy is in the sights the shot dosnt go through it hits a wall or a rail or something."
,Recommended,238090,32889215,Posted: 27 June,all,hogscraper,"The game is mostly good but after 14 hours of play I'm getting bored with the broken AI. I've been playing and replaying certain missions trying to get all of the extra objectives and items and there are definitely quite a few things to do in this game. My time has been almost entirely in Sniper Elite difficulty and the missions are set up well. There's usually one main goal that is obvious, but if you travel around the area you can usually find other objectives to finish.The main issue I've had, so far, is that the AI is broken by giving them omniscience instead of some other method to increase difficulty. Once the AI determines you are in the area, they generally point directly at you and will fire blindly at your location even when they have never seen you and shouldn't have any idea of your exact location. In nearly every level I've tested this and most times enemies that have no possibility of knowing my location will track me through walls. The worst was at the airfield, where simply walking alerted enemies 30 feet above my head, (with metal, dirt and concrete between us), and I watched them on the mini-map turning to point directly at me. I get that this game is about stealth, but when you do break stealth, (whether on purpose or due to enemies hiding inside rocks/ground), the game becomes a joke at times.Luckily, and the reason I can still give it a thumbs up, is that the game has a decent auto-save feature after objectives so these types of AI issues aren't catastrophic as long as you aren't on Authentic difficulty. I originally tried this game on the highest difficulty and the lack of saves made it unplayable in my opinion. Around the third mission I kept running into enemies inside walls and rocks that would negate the last thirty minutes of my time and it felt more like a roll of the dice rather than anything skill based.If you have patience and like sniper games, I would definitely recommend this!"
76561198269558032,Recommended,238090,24226138,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,[S.W] Bond 007-OM™,This game is one of the best games I have
,Recommended,238090,20407304,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,RuthLess,süper bi oyun paranız varsa hiç düşünmeden alabilrisiniz :D
,Recommended,238090,32943911,Posted: 28 June,all,Matician,BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM.... TESTICAL SHOT
,Recommended,238090,32958543,Posted: 28 June,all,AncientSkull CSGOHandouts.com,no co op xrays and very short
,Recommended,238090,11044237,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Neveion,Worth every slow motion brain exploiding dollar
,Recommended,238090,30376018,Posted: 7 March,all,educated_monkey,"I almost feel guilty how much I enjoy seeing my bullet crash trough the skull of an enemy in the 'bullet-time' that made this series so famous. It is so ferocious... and so freaking satisfying!!Albeit a bit short (a normal playthrough takes about 12 hrs I think) this game is definitely worth getting (especially if you get it on a discount deal or something). And I do think you can replay this game to go for all secondary objectives, long shots and other collectibles.I have to add something to consider though. There are some problems with crashes on win 10. This has something to do with the latest graphics drivers. There is a way around this (by de-installing all graphics drivers with 3rd party software and re-installing an older driver), but if you do not know your way around these kind of things, you might have to wait for the developers to patch something or not buy this game. I have read some posts from the developers saying they are ""aware of the problem and have not completely moved on to Elite Sniper 4"". Hopefully this is true.And if you do know your way around graphics drivers... go and play this game!!!"
76561198068657845,Recommended,238090,12326251,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,That Goomba Bloke!,"With Sniper Elite 3 being quite the succesor to V2, it sadly lacks in a few areas.While playing solo-survival, I've experienced 'muddy' textures, so to speak, where NPC's either turn into a pink and black mess, or simply widen so much, that they fill their entire hitbox.Yet, looking away from this 'Minor(?)' glitch, Sniper Elite 3 is definatly a must-buy for stealth-game fans, the shooting is nice and responsive, cover system's amazing, etc. Enough reading, go get it!"
,Recommended,238090,14720391,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,chairbender,"This game is fun for several reasons.First of all, don't expect a realistic simulation of BEING a sniper. The realism is mainly present in the shooting physics - it doesn't really simulate how snipers actually operate because that probably wouldn't be as fun as what this game provides.The best feature, in my opinion, is the consistently fun and non-frustrating gameplay, which persists despite difficult-to-master mechanics. This comes from the nice save system and forgiving stealth mechanics. Being able to quick-save really changes the fun of this game, in my opinion. Instead of what happens in other stealth games where you make a mistake, everyone gets alerted, then you have to open up a menu, sit through a long loading screen, and start at the beginning of the level, you get an quick-save button which saves while you continue playing, so you can always save before you try something risky and just focus on the fun sniping mechanics and visuals. Also, one of the other problems that can happen in a lot of stealth games is that it's hard to keep track of your surroundings, so somebody might see you but you won't realize it until it's too late. This game provides subtle audio-cues and less subtle visual cues to let you know when you are about to be spotted.You might think that the aforementioned features make the game too easy or too simple, but I think it just lets you focus on what this game does best - being stealthy and sniping people.If you really like sniping in other FPS games (the feel of precision and power), you'll definitely like this game because it focuses on that one aspect of FPS. If you're concerned about having to spend more time sneaking around than shooting, you're in luck because even though you might alert everyone and have them go aggressive, you can still clear levels just by running and gunning and shooting everyone in sight.So, overall, I think this game is pretty fun."
,Recommended,238090,18298131,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,ＶＯＩＩＤ,Awsome i highly recomend it
,Recommended,238090,11280757,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,DOG,SHOOT PEOPLE WHO ARE FARTHER AWAY THAN USUAL.
76561197982274768,Recommended,238090,12151295,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,=CS=Dude4Him,One of the best games in the Steam arsenal IMO.
,Recommended,238090,14425180,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,XGaming Pro,Still the best sniper game there is!!!!!!!
76561197995070040,Recommended,238090,14452901,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Babis,"Very good game. 8/10I bought it on a weakend deal 70% off and it was totally worth it. Maybe worth full price if you really like sniper rifles and sniping in general. That does NOT include Call of Duty type sniping; that shouldn't even be called sniping.I don't know about bullet balistics and how realistic or unrealistic they are. But what I do know is that they add to the experience I had with this game. Getting my first moving headshot without help from the magic red diamond shape indicator, that shows you where the bullet will hit, was the best thing I did in this game and I felt like a boss doing it.Stealth has been enhanced compared to the second game (also very good) with game mechanics like relocation (if you fire two shots and if you move away from the area enemies lose sight of you) and sound masking which was a thing in the second game but it has been improved in this game (you'll find engines that you can break and they'll work badly for a while providing you sound cover for your shots). In my opinion you shouldn't consider stealth in this game, although possible. I didn't enjoy being a sniper sneaking around everywhere with the silenced pistol shooting enemies in the head and stabbing them in the back of the head with a knife.Sniper nests are a very good addition to the game and something I always use because it makes me feel more like a real sniper. Collectibles if you like collecting them like cards and war diaries (I don't see any point in this so I only have what I've stumbled across) but I do miss the bottles from the seccond game.So in conclution: for full price I recomend only if you like sniping a lot and can spare the money and if you have a chance to buy it on sales I deffinitelly recommend if you like 3rd person shooters (although there are no assault rifles).And for heaven's sake play on hard or custom difficulty with realistic bullet ballistics where gravity and wind affect the bullet's trajectory and don't quickscope you noob, this isn't CoD"
,Recommended,238090,11334752,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,xXiHaZnOnAmEXx,"super good graphics combined with the new steath system make sniper elite 3 a very good purchase. the campaign is long, which is good, the multiplayer i have yet to explore. a wonderful game 5 of 5"
,Recommended,238090,15494708,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Al-Crypt.zu],BUY IT ! A must have :)I like the multiplayer mode !just need more mapsi'm waiting for SE4
,Recommended,238090,12290593,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,MaybeJustice,"An intense stealth game with a bloody lot amount of gore *wink* *wink* and it's great. There are many different ways to achieve your objective, but they usually end up in at least two gun fights and a few dozens Wehrmacht soldiers les. I started playing this shortly after Sniper elite V2 and there are surely a few improvements, x-ray kills are more gory, visuals are more chiny and you now have sniper kill distance record sized maps in which you can play around for hours.The game difficulty is weirdly average. The snipers will ♥♥♥♥ your day up if they so much as see one of your eyebrow hairs floating around, but it's incredibly easy to escape and or kill any average soldier. In groups these soldier can be big trouble, but if you're able to find a roof with only one entrance, in the middle of the cluster♥♥♥♥ that is crossfire and random granades, it'll be like there's only one enemy soldier. One major issue I've encoured during the game is one of the most unhelpfull bugs you could possible get in a stealth, assasination game. During my playthrough everything I blew up before saving would explode again after reloading. And since the enemy will go in alert when something explodes and if you need to assasinate someone when something explodes and you fail if that target flees, then you've created an inescapable paradox which you can only escape by redoing the whole ************* map, but I'm sure they will fix that.I still recommend this game because it's the only game in which you can see someone's balls explode besides Mortal Kombat."
76561198021338497,Recommended,238090,10914439,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,OoGvDoO,Ever wanted to shoot Hitlers testicles off? Well now you can!
76561197961038951,Recommended,238090,14412707,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Hendrics,"This game is just pure awesome, and getting it on steam sale, even awesomer. Fun game if your looking to kick back and just have a good time"
,Recommended,238090,18371073,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,HEXAGON,F*ck nazies in some different ways and blow up their testicles
,Not Recommended,238090,18288770,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Lucatiel,"So I bought SE3 hoping that it'd be the awesome sniper game I was expecting (you know, ""Sniper"" Elite). Instead I soon realised that it was one of those super-linear-follow-the-map-and-stealth-kill-everyone games. I didn't even have to use the sniper (which are all just standard rifles with scopes...) and found that using my silenced pistol was easier (also seeing as 90% of conflict is less than 100 meters away...). Once I got sick of this, I forced myself to take the ""sniper"" approach, and after the first 10 cinematic kills I realised it was going to be the same for every kill... Once I got sick of that I just started running around with an smg and started throwing bombs, and that was way easier than it should've been. Of course, once you've alerted an entire Nazi camp you only have to run 40m away before they lose memory of the past 10 mins and go back to their routine face-my-back-to-this-handy-placed-shadowy-side-access. After I started to lose hope I desperately searched for long range actual sniper acion, but all I found were microtransaction weapon packs. I know I didn't play nearly enough for a full review, but after watching more gameplay videos it was exactly what I had just experienced over and over...10/10 would refund again."
76561198133576904,Recommended,238090,14479338,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,JosipCaf [cro],"If you like stealth and WW2, this is the game for you. It has amazing graphics but only bad thing is that it has a short singleplayer gameplay. It has 8 missions in total which are pritty long which gives you around 10 hours of gameplay, but you can also download DLC missions."
,Recommended,238090,16704395,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,nakkipulla,"Great third edition for the Sniper Elite series!Very smooth gameplay and runs very well.A bit short tho but you can get your moneys worth of it by playing Multiplayer or trying to play the game trough with only a assault rifle ( witch i truly enjoy)The multiplayer is very nice if u get in to a good server that isnt full or empty :/(there are a few somethimes) but it really donsent matter. i just prefer it that way,Solid 4/5if u can get it for a good discount like i did you should!!!!!!!"
76561198035761512,Recommended,238090,18200771,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,rexy,"I would love to change the character that you play in the single player missions, not just being the same "" Karl "".  ( Like being the sniper in the camo suit ) :DI would also like to see MORE and I mean a lot MORE weapon modifications you can do to your rifles, just more things you can do to the rifles.Otherwise seriously good fun and good challenge + good sound fx9 / 10"
,Recommended,238090,19703781,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Verizon Communications,Fub
76561198158938436,Recommended,238090,25999133,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Juice517,"Not a bad game to pass the time. Game can be a bit monotonous because all you do in each level is snipe people in the head but, for $9.99 I couldn't pass it up."
76561198008198805,Recommended,238090,27114716,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Joachim,"This game is the ultimate sniper game imo. It improves a lot on the previous. World is much more open-world, there are different ways to sneak up on guys or to find vantage point for sniping. I loved the mechanic of having to relocate when you're spotted. Some great missions in here and dlc. Very fun to play in co-op as well."
76561198075849015,Recommended,238090,25951797,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,wespe___o=/;;;:*,"Great Sniper game! Maybe the best recently..Nice Gfx, good AI, awesome Environment.It´s just fun to play in the Desert in WW2.Bulletcam is a masterpiece of it´s own, and accurate sniping is not that easy^^Sadly all DLC´s cost extra, which means another 25$ - that sucks!!--> Buy it around 10$.. and get DLC-missions later.. then you will enjoy it!"
76561198072130676,Recommended,238090,26501163,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Капрал Мазурка,"My ""gaming years"" are more dead than alive. Now I'm picky, controller only, ""no fun without co-op"" etc. So the review is taste-specific.Started this game during free weekend right from the cooperative campaign with my lovely wife. After we'd handled first mission, the purchase of two copies + season pass was inevitable. Never imagined so much fun sniping together. Co-op gameplay ranges from ""brilliant stealth teamwork"" to ""Legolas/Gimli style rivalry"". Plentiful ways to complete tasks (ghost, silent assassin, toss them in traps or give 'em hell), nice range of weaponry and means of destruction. Also game encourages you to look for collectibles in high and low places.Story itself is not compatible with co-op mode, as those rare short cutscenes about lone wolf look silly, when there are two players. But in this game story is inferior.The multiplayer arena mode depends on server. It can be outstanding or unbearable. Playing with gamepad against highly-experienced snipers is an unique way of masochism (still fun though).Few words about DLC's:Additional missions are still missions - the same fun experience. Particularly, you can kill Hitler in style of ""Inglourious Basterds"".Weapon packs - ""This is my rifle. There are many like it, but this one is mine"". Season pass includes plethora of weapons. I've spent about 4 hours on practice range to choose rifle and customization that suits me and never have changed it since than.Outfit packs - useless.Summary:Graphics and visuals - don't careSound - fine.Story - smells like cheesy 90s ""lone wolf action"".Gameplay - CO-OP IS FUN! (have never tried singleplayer mode)AI - kinda dumb (treat them as zombies with guns)Difficulty - four (I guess) options, that affect shooting mechanics also.Bugs - a bunch of not critical bugs are present.Replayability - yes, please.Price - might be too expensive."
76561198111645806,Recommended,238090,26448970,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Maestro Doge,"Snipe someone, snipe someone, random explosive kills you. SE3 in a nutshell."
,Recommended,238090,25941114,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Cockan :o,"Not really a stealth game like Splinter Cell. 2nd mission in, the last officer-killing task in GABEROUN, got tons of enemy in close range outside, too little blindspot you can shoot from. You may distract and assasinate them one by one with an inaccurate 3rd person-view silenced pistol or snipe-and-relocate but it will be very time-consuming and ineffective. This means full alarm is inevitable if you don't choose the conventional route.More like a linear hit-and-run clean-sweep game than a open-world tactical perfectionist game (e.g. ArmA), so this game at least works up the franchise. Graphics and performance is great but sometime makes you feel dizzy as there's sudden FOV change when you lean on wall and lack of FOV adjustment in general. Not really my favorite type of game but to be fair, still worth to buy on 80% discount."
76561198025256270,Recommended,238090,25954471,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,eyes,nice :D
76561198134286097,Recommended,238090,25962424,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Hipis♥,Good game.
76561198174460650,Recommended,238090,22663522,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,=F9= fishbonkin,so hyped for sniper 4
,Recommended,238090,22365355,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Can Sir,German testicle exploder simulator 2069
76561198222257468,Recommended,238090,29863570,Posted: 11 February,all,[AAOB] RAW,"We've played, we've found the issues that needed to be worked around as ADmin's and we created servers to probably the most popular Sniper game I have every played. Now SE4 is coming 14th Feb 2017. Don't throw away your SE3 because we will continue to service this game for as long as we can, to popular and fun to let slide into the waste land. So get it if you havent got it and keep playing if you have.... Cheers from Anzac Alliance"
,Recommended,238090,26067002,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,ZephyR,Great!!!
76561198013064274,Recommended,238090,25964059,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,O Waifu My Waifu,"Cool game, I like the stealth mechanics and the ambience.  Just a couple of things I hope they change by the next game:-Changeable over-the-shoulder view, because sometimes you need to look over the left one too-NPC dialogue, because the same 10 phrases, even in another language, are noticable after a while.  Make the NPCs come alive! Have them talk about their families back home, childhood memories, etc.  They don't know you're there, so why don't they loosen up a bit? (It might make people want to spare them too. Add to the emphasis on stealth rather than run n' gun)-Variable slow-mo cam occurence.  It gets stale pretty quickly.-Maps with more than one path to the objective.  I'm talking about a side road or something, not two boxes with a hole under them off to the side that you can crawl through.-More believable sound cover.  Sound cover should echo like a gunshot if it's going to cover a gunshot, not like someone is popping bubblewrap.Aside from these things, the game is really well put together."
,Recommended,238090,25993441,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Sakata Yoga,11/10 Testicle Shooter Simulator
76561198055600570,Recommended,238090,13349668,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,cj71978,This is a great game and it changes all the time. The people who play are great to.
,Recommended,238090,31496490,Posted: 1 May,all,Slimjimm,Do not play with Guy Manly.
,Recommended,238090,31385299,Posted: 26 April,all,Ranger,I've played Sniper Elite II all the way through and some of the extra content and I liked Sniper Elite II except for the issue with the game randomly crashing and restarting itself.  I found it's been an issue for a long time and tried all the fixes I could find but none work.  It seemed to get worse as I completed more missions.  I made it to the first part of mission 8 (the final one) and finally gave up as every 5-10 minutes it restarted (and yes I saved a lot).  Given it's 2017 I don't expect the developer to fix it but if I'd known then what I know now I would not buy it which is sad because I did enjoy the game when it allowed me to do so.  So I probably won't be buying Sniper Elite 4 either.What a difference a week makes.  I had the latest Nvidia drivers but less then a week later after suggestions to upgrade the drivers I checked again an Nvidia has a new set out. An upgrade to that seems to have fixed it.  And someone from the developer actually commented with that suggestion.
,Not Recommended,238090,31484703,Posted: 1 May,all,Nirivana,The constant crash is crap! FIX THE BLOODY GAME FOR GOD SAKE!
76561198086562154,Not Recommended,238090,31439441,Posted: 29 April,all,DoonGooleZ,crashes all the time
,Recommended,238090,31446950,Posted: 29 April,all,Raynil Sedrethi,Just bought the game yesterday due to the sale. I have never played a Sniper Elite title before but i can say its alot of fun. At first i was having alot of crashes. After Switching compatabillity to windows 7 and updating to the most recent Nvidia drivers i have not experianced a crash. Great game and sniping is very satisfying. Granted the AI could be a bit better but thats the only major draw back i have discovered. If you can get this game on a sale i highly recommend it.
,Not Recommended,238090,31466910,Posted: 30 April,all,Siccarie,"Was so excited to get this game on sale. The constant random crashing during gameplay is so aggravating. Seems it was a constant issue when the game came out, ....but...STILL??? Got a great price on this game but it's not worth it if you can't play it because of constant random crashes."
76561198161262629,Recommended,238090,31446099,Posted: 29 April,all,Rayy PNW,"Sniper Elite 3 is a 3rd person stealth sniper game set in North Africa during WW2. The gameplay is exactly the same of the older games, but with more realistic bullet psychics, and much better stealth mechanics. One thing though, that kind of kills the experience for me is the terrible pacing in this game. Everything just feels so... slow. Like your character is dragging his feet, or like the enemies are dragging their feet. And when you are crouched, which will be 50% of the time you play this game, you character feels the need to drag his♥♥♥♥♥the entire time and after awhile I just found myself yelling at the game to hurry up. And not only that, but the stealth in this game, while fun at times, it horrendously broken. When playing on higher difficulties, Enemies 20 yards away, on a different level/floor then you can literally hear it when you walk or when you stand up, it's pretty ridiculous and feels cheap. Not to mention that when you're playing on Sniper Elite difficulty the enemies have VERY unrealisitc human senses, they can literally spot you from 500+ yards away, and you can be on top of a moutain and the second you look through the scope you get spotted. It makes using generators and sniper towers completely worthless because they AUTOMATICALLY spot you when you look down scopes. It almost feels like a glitch to me because no developer should include such unrealistic enemies like this. It's like hit scanning, but more like ""discover"" scanning. Just doesn't feel right, seem's a little broken to me. The game is well optimized and runs like butter on my system, and the graphics are actually quite beautiful on maximum settings and with multisampling enabled. The game is a blast to play and offers a good variety of challenge on the hardest difficult setting, multiplayer mode is actually relatively fun and is still alive for those who are interested in playing it. There is also co-op play, which is really fun, and challenge mode which I tried to play but couldn't get it to work. Really great game overall and worth getting on sale for $10 or under."
76561197961934250,Recommended,238090,29900656,Posted: 13 February,all,[FiB]General_Dick,awesome bullet balistics and love how it x-rays the target.
76561198014621099,Recommended,238090,13945667,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,DW2054,"Fantastic!  If you like sniping games this is the one for you.  I am not a huge WWII enthusiast, but the physics (and Zombie versions) from Rebellion are amazing.  You get the Splinter Cell stalking action coupled with realistic game mechanics, plus the bullet cam / rag doll enemy destruction is addictive.Can’t wait for the next one.PSIf their game designers read this post, please a modern Sniper game would be a welcome to my Steam account."
,Recommended,238090,30481094,Posted: 12 March,all,Murderlol,"A very fun WW2 shooter set in africa. Great mechanics give it a fun mix of stealth with sniper mechanics loosely based on the real world such as bullet drop and using other loud noises like thunder or artillery fire to mask your shots. The game also uses a variety of other weapons such as various sidearms, machine pistols (the MP40 for example) and several grenades and traps that can be used. It also uses a cover system and allows you to distract enemies by throwing objects and both sound and vision (line of sight and light levels) are important.It's a surprisingly in-depth game with a decent amount of levels and a fair amount of replayability with several difficulties and a number of collectibles in each level. If you're a fan of any stealth or sniper gameplay, you'll probably enjoy this game a lot."
76561198128936544,Recommended,238090,25953742,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,czlinder   hellcase.com,"POSTED: 17 SEPTEMBERI have played all 3 Sniper Elite's in the series and was excited to learn they are working on a 4th. I have also played the Zombie versions of the game (which I didn't like NEAR as much).Overall, this is my favorite in the series and it seems as each release gets more and more polished than the last. While I play single player 99% of the time, I have dabbled in the co-op multiplayer and it is fun but I do wish it allowed multiple snipers instead of the sniper/spotter setup currently. I realize this is technically more correct, we, as players, want to play as the sniper and when we are playing as spotter it feels we are just playing nice until our turn.I really only have a few gripes with the game that I can think of right now.First: (And this is a big one) you can't set your elevation on your scope. Every person that shoots firearms knows you can set your ""zero"" on your scope so that it is ""dead-on"" at a certain distance. Then, you can hold over or under depending on whether the target it closer or further.Second: This whole series has suffered from what I refer to as the ""trigger effect"" where enemies don't appear, or certain things happen until you hit a certain trigger. Usually the trigger is reaching a certain place on the map, or killing a certain person, or percentage of enemies. While not as pronounced as it was on the 2nd in the series, nothing like carefully scouting your approach, then moving forward and hitting a trigger point, and have enemies all around you. Often, once I figured out where that trigger point was, I moved forward until I triggered it, then ran back to my sniper nest and clear a path.Third: Enemies in vehicles see WAY to well. If you have ever been in an armored vehicle or tank, you will know that visibility is NOT their strong point. They should have excellent defense and firepower like they do in real life and do in the game but shouldn't be able to see you near as well unless near an enemy patrol.Fourth: Inconsistant mechanics regarding long range shooting alarming enemies. I have played the game 250+ hours, and still can't determine whether an enemy will hear my shots at a given place or distance except around broken generators and such. Incidentally, it seems logical that if backfiring generators at your location mask your sounds, you should be able to shoot a generator near the enemy and make it back firing then you could shoot towards him even if you are not by a generator any longer. (does that make sense?)A few more ""mentions"" of other things about the game I wish were different.Why can't we jump in the game?I wish you could turn off the wind, without turning off elevation. It is harder to ""feel"" the wind in a game.I had some occasional issues with the game doing a red flicker when SLI was enabled. This was the only game that ever did that. Normally, just changing the resolution and restarting it fixed it. Ironically, I could alternate between two resolutions and they both worked; AFTER the other one messed up.Every time you reload your side arm, it goes through the ""chambering"" animation. Just because you drop the magazine, and put in a full one, doesn't mean the chamber will be empty. Yes, there are a FEW firearms that the magazine is loaded from the top, usually with a ""stripper clip"" where you would potentially cycle it like that, but aside from the M1 Garand rifle and the Mauser C96 (which I don't remember any in the game), nothing should load like that. For a game that obviously desires for accuracy and realism, it seems like an odd oversight.Snipers don't fall for thrown rocks, no way to get them to move short of killing them."
76561198013685958,Not Recommended,238090,24643313,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Lucifer (Co-Captain),I'm a Sniper elite fan and SE 2 had to be the best. SE3 on the other hand had to be the worst sniper elite game I've ever played. Call of Duty has a better realism than this. It's not just that the sniper mechanic for call of duty is better and I hate Call of Duty. I'm sorry but I'm not going to buy anymore Sniper Elites because of this.
76561198114526027,Recommended,238090,14033437,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Thunder Nipss,good fun   but the bullet cams arent as good as V2 in my opinion
76561198032522502,Recommended,238090,31448910,Posted: 29 April,all,krolpand,"As someone who has basically spend his gaming life with FPS, the ballistics system was a shock. Don't despair! You can use a little helper for starters. However, you'll soon hit your first head shot without any assistance on a lower difficulty level and you'll feel the joy and never ever press that particular button.Most likely, you'll try to unbind the key and go in raw. Aim for the nuts!"
76561198127425072,Recommended,238090,21059098,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Wibiz9000,Amazing game! this is the definition of good graphiks and lightning. it is expensive but in a steam sale it's about 10€ 5/5 Totally recommended
,Recommended,238090,18745310,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Wildt,"Single player only review.SE3 is a 3rd person stealth shooter that focuses on sniping (duh!).It takes place during WW2, and unlike Wolfenstein, it doesn't really have any interesting characters or involving story.The gameplay, albeit linear,  is good though, and it could've been very good if it weren't for a few fundamental flaws. As the main attraction is sniping, the levels are large. They're also pretty and rendered with a very well performing engine. The main event in the visual department is the bullet cam kills, which shows the bullet penetrating the victim in x-ray vision, so you see the bones scatter etc. It's neat, and yes, it grows old pretty quick. Luckily it's skippable.There's not much voice acting, but what is there is ok. Sound effects are very good.My problems with the game are:- Spawning enemies. The premise of the game is to observe and plan. What friggin' use is that when enemies can spawn near by when a certain area is reached, or an objective is accomplished or you fire a shot that wasn't sound masked?!- All hail the sniper rifle. Naturally the devs want you to use the ""title"" weapon, but they really went too far by nerfing the other bullet weapons WAY into the unusable. You can't hit a barn from 3 feet with a Thompson rifle even while proning with a heart rate of 60. As soon as it became an option I carried a Panzershrek RPG instead.- The AI. I know AI is hard to do. AI in a stealth game is harder. This AI will lose a game of chess to a brick EVERY TIME.- Unclear mission objectives. Best example: ""Overcome the temple defenders"" with a map marker inside the temple actually means: ""Go find a half-track vechicle across the map and destroy it and return here"". Jesus effin' christ.If you're hooked on stealthy sniping, this is for you. If you just love 3rd person stealth shooters, buy a Metal Gear Solid game instead.73%"
,Recommended,238090,11687690,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,[TPZ] Headache [G.I.T.V ],"THIS GAME IS WELL WORTH THE MONEY I PAID FOR IT,very well put together and a good story line following on from from sniper elite 2,which also is very good."
76561198253263865,Recommended,238090,30372523,Posted: 7 March,all,KHAN,THE BEST GAME OF THE YEAR 2014
,Recommended,238090,25957715,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Zo,it's fun challenging game brings back memories of my Xbox 360 when i play sniper elite v2
76561198206296903,Recommended,238090,34309809,Posted: 17 August,all,POKEMON,我非常看好这款游戏，虽然这游戏有点老了，但是在做狙击手的感觉上非常优秀，尤其是多人游戏我每打一局都会紧张的要命，一开始非常难玩都看不到人就会被打死，但是现在我经过了老阴逼们的教导我也开始学会阴人八百里开外放冷枪实在是而非常爽，单人剧情方面也就一般，但也非常考验耐力总的来说这是一款值得一玩的游戏。
,Recommended,238090,34277629,Posted: 16 August,all,_xX_⚜Faust⚜_Xx_,"Finished and cool game. Really nice killing the Nazis, beautiful graphics and nice realities of this game. I recommend this game."
,Recommended,238090,16090392,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Bluckels,I love this game the A I   are smarter and the stealth mechanics are more polished than V2 . This game has a cat and mouse element which doesn't make the game feel stagnant as well as having a non re chargeable health system that every freaking game has these days.
,Recommended,238090,31768371,Posted: 15 May,all,SiD,Epic game. I recommend it
,Recommended,238090,25888496,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Jul the Fool,"Let's get this first fact out of the way, the story is utter♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Don't buy this expecting a good story with even semi-decent voice acting or cutscene animations, because you will not find it here. That being said, if you are looking for a true stealth sniping game with great mechanics, unique levels, solid customization, and decent AI then you have found the right game. I rarely if ever feel like replaying games but I have seriously considered replaying this game simply becasue the expirience is really that good. My one reservation would be the price, especially considering that Sniper Elite 4 will be coming out pretty soon. ($49.99 USD At Time of Review) That being said, the sale prices for this game are often very, very good and 100% worth the buy. After the next game is released I would say this is still a great purchase because the envirnoment will be very different, and the campaign is not very long. Overall I would give this game somewhere around a 8/10. Pretty fun time but as far as playable content goes it is a little thin."
,Recommended,238090,34404334,Posted: 21 August,all,duckyduckyman,j
76561198390094707,Recommended,238090,35248882,Posted: 27 September,all,Apple Corps,"Its a fun stealthy game and sniper simulator. If you like those kind of games, this is perfect. Good graphics too. 8.5/10"
76561198020881578,Recommended,238090,25595691,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,HOUDINI,"This game just keeps getting better which is a good thing, I can hardly wait for the new one to come out.If you like sniping this is one of the best out there, een the previous titles were good and woth the money spent."
76561198006304047,Recommended,238090,35071044,Posted: 19 September,all,Sanschanger,"Never knew about the ""Sniper Elite"" games until recently, so I picked up all four in a sale and started playing 3 (chronologically the first).I was happy in many ways with it. It's the closest there is to a ""Metal Gear in World War II"" style, and the sniping can be very satisfying. The missions aren't open-ended per se, but the player has a choice whether to use stealth or shoot their way through. I thought it was a bit difficult though; most my attempts at stealth failed miserably and I kept having to resort to shooting every single bad guy I found.It is short, and there isn't a ton of story (anyone who was weary of the cinematic scenes in MGS will be happy), but I beat the game today and thought it was top-notch. I would have liked to see the final ""enemy"" actually moving around and fighting though. Destroying a super-tank in a hangar isn't the same as avoiding it in the open desert, climbing onto it while it's moving, and so forth.I have also been a little spoiled by other games- the lack of a ""dive"" button threw me off, and I missed the opportunity to interrogate prisoners instead of killing them all. Also, the lack of development in the hand-to-hand features was unfortunate. If they know you're there, you'll lose every time. If it's a sneak attack, the player wins every time.Would recommend, and will be playing the others shortly."
76561198052007403,Not Recommended,238090,35107126,Posted: 21 September,all,FehCPS,"Bug elite 3- Enemies duplicate exactly in the same position- Empty area become full of soldiers instantly- Sometimes you kill an enemy and after he falls on the ground, there is another one in the same place- Rarely, but it happens, enemies AI does not work, you can walk in front of him and nothing will happen, or worse, he sees you through the wall (happened 2 times)"
76561198347115538,Recommended,238090,35191023,Posted: 24 September,all,matthewoli98,awesome sniper game brilliant slow mo kills
,Recommended,238090,31526926,Posted: 3 May,all,Othello,"I really loved this game, it was just the thing for me. I liked V2, but the missions in this game are larger open maps where you are given the opportunity to plan out your attack and tackle it in various ways (sort of like Thief 1 and 2). For people who expect an action game and play it as such, they might find the experience a bit short, and I'm hesitant in recommending this to someone looking for good action schüt. As a stealth game however, it is amazing. It took me about 20 hours to complete the game on normal difficulty, as I played it like a stealth game. There's a good amount of tools at your disposal and the mechanics are much better thought out. There's also a lot of collectibles and other modes to keep people busy, like co-op, multiplayer and challenges.If stealth sniping in the desert sounds fun, you will almost surely enjoy this game."
,Recommended,238090,22997309,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Lord_Domin8r,i would highly recommend this game.
76561198067587538,Recommended,238090,26399379,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Skywalker Lajos,i think this is the best game in the series yet. It worth 9 euros. 9/10 :D
,Recommended,238090,11247135,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,[Seaway Int.] Bastian [DK],"My Experience Of Sniper Elite 3 [/b]Graphics- 9/10This game has the top Graphics i ever seen in a game, alot to say about the graphics they run Fast and smooth. the shadows follow perfectly how the soldier moves around and shadows is a good way to hide. And the graphic has change alot since Sniper Elite and Sniper Elite V2. I like the graphics and new X-ray cams, they look alot better and the bones breaks alot more realistic than ever.Gameplay- 10/10Gameplay what can i tell i got the best experience ever in this game. This game has definitely the best mulitiplayer i ever seen and the story mode uhh ohh. play CO-OP with friends in Mission even Survival that has up to 15 Rounds 5 Waves in each round all from Soldiers to Tanks or even more. And mulitiplayer thats still is one of the best. Even on battlefield i had alot of experience i was fighting along friends and even strangers and i got new friends, this game gets you alot of teammates in the battlefieldSounds- 6.5/10The sounds are amazing and the sound of the bullet flying right through the head is overpowered good. The totally make the Sniper Elite V2 sounds look girly and bad, but still not good enough to get ~10/10~.I can't wait for more Sniper Elite in the future. (But wait for the price goes a little bit down[/b])Comments are allowed on this one. Having a questing that burns inside why don't ya ask me ;D i'll answer as fast i can....(Review May Change)"
76561198101557397,Recommended,238090,11608515,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,What Up,Great stealth game.
76561198136860773,Recommended,238090,18670127,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,angrypanda,Sniper elite 3 is my first sniper elite franchise game.and I liked sniper elite 3Positive:1.Gameplay is good2.Co-op is so fun3.Long story mode4.GraphicNegative:1.Multiplayer2.Story is so bad3.the same missions
,Recommended,238090,30721537,Posted: 25 March,all,MitzeKatze,Awesome and rather unique third-person shooter that simulates (singular) sniper combat set in and around World War II -era.I really like the sniper scope sights.
,Recommended,238090,10990908,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,RoboCobra,"This is a vast improvement over V2. There were a few strange missteps, but overall it is a super entertaining experience. Also, testicle shots.Improvements:- The stealth system is completely expanded and makes more sense. You have a stealth indicator, visibility indicator, and a minimap with nearby enemies (all of which you can turn off if you're 2 hardcore 2 furious) and the game rewards you on relocating before your enemies close in on your position. Stealth and CQC knife kills work well and look awesome.- There are less levels than V2, but each one is massive and can be played in so many different ways. Generally, they went with quality over quantity. The levels are each small sandboxes in nature, so you can plot out different paths and approaches with your binoculars and it works great.- In each level there are 1-3 optional objectives you can accomplish if you want, and they are usually very rewarding and can coincide with your main objectives. They can involve sabotage, assassinating officers, collecting stuff, etc.- You now have a universal XP bar that increases whether you're in single player, co-op, challenge mode, or multiplayer. Everything you do gets you XP and all of the ways you get bonuses based on your shots make your progression feel real.- Weapon customization, although mild, still adds to the choice in your loadouts. Which, by the way, you can make 4 unique loadouts to switch between for single and multiplayer.- There is more variety in the collectibles, as opposed to the extremely hard-to-see gold bars and wine bottles of V2. Still, it is very difficult to find all of them.Strange missteps:- There is a surprisingly smaller arsenal of guns to pick from. You might feel discouraged at the start by only having 1 of each type, but you will unlock them quickly as you level up. However, despite this, unlocking all 4 (I think) of each type, there still just doesn't seem enough, but OF COURSE there's day 1 DLC of weapon packs that really should have been in the game to begin with, as all of the DLC guns were in some way featured in V2 before. Strange to charge extra for something carried over from V2...- For whatever reason, there doesn't seem to be any way of playing co-op campaign or challenge mode with strangers via matchmaking, which you totally could do in V2. You are only able to play co-op with people on your friends list, which makes it hard to play these modes by yourself if you don't have any friends with this game.Things that were awesome in V2 and are still awesome in 3:- Mother♥♥♥♥ing X-RAY KILLCAMS!! They are still great no matter how many times you watch them, and include vehicle destruction now as well. Instead of just Vital Hits, Headshots, and Kills, you can get (insert organ here)shots.- Multiplayer offers a slower-paced, patient experience, which is different from most shooters out there. The matches are all totally customizable in terms of bullet physics, available guns, whether or not teams can cross sides of the map (ensuring sniping-only matches), sprinting, and so forth.Hope you enjoyed this over-extensive review."
76561198133256946,Not Recommended,238090,24229184,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,cjfunited,Although I have only just started I am already considering putting it down. People are saying the sniping is fun and realistic. Perhaps I was playing on the wrong mode but for me I found sniping far far to easy and stealth/combat very cumbersome.This game forces you into stealth which I am all for but must be done in a way that feels fluid. Sniper Elite series needs to take a look at Splinter Cell Black List style and how Sam moves silently and elgantly.This is surely a game I will forget fast.
,Recommended,238090,29776850,Posted: 7 February,all,David0vić,"Sniper Elite 3 is at about the same level of quality as the previous game V2. It makes some improvements to the series like the much more open level design and a bigger focus on stealth but with those positives comes new negatives like mediocre ai, unrefined stealth mechanics, uninspired mission objectives and sometimes uninspired and uninteresting level design. It lacks the focus that V2 had because it is nowhere near as linear which can be seen as both a good thing and bad thing because you control the pacing and how those unscripted moments will play out. The story is worthless and not worth bringing any of your attention to just like V2, I also might have liked the game more if the protagonist actually had a personality. I feel like the game struggles with balancing out the difficulty as well, some of the enemy placements in the levels creates some awkward and frustrating difficulty spikes which forced me to quick save frequently which I’m very glad that they added, I think the developers knew the game just wouldn’t work very well without the ability to save whenever you want. The sniping is still well done and that’s the games saving grace in the end.6/10 (Decent)"
76561198189350273,Recommended,238090,29796652,Posted: 8 February,all,Playersean3,yea its 50$ but buy it on a steam sale and get it for 10$.a very fun game but some missions are too easy while some are challenging.
76561198319349893,Recommended,238090,25194811,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,StrangeLoop,"I love this game. 100% recommened.Pros: Bullet cam, slow pace, tactical game, multiplayer, taggingCons: OP sun, OP AI Guns in difficult settings."
76561198249296154,Recommended,238090,18438900,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,PamperedPRINCESS1240,"I love this game, obviously since I am always playing a match. :)  The maps are challenging especially in the Deathmatch lobbies.  The enemies are everywhere and there aren't indicators when they are killed or when they shoot.  If you are just starting to play the game find a few friends that have played for a while and do a co-op.  When you co-op with an expert you will be able to rank up faster and find all your weapon parts.  Until you find them all you are at a disadvantage in the multiplayer matches."
76561198070982429,Recommended,238090,32866678,Posted: 27 June,all,Cory,i love sniper elite 3
,Recommended,238090,32941338,Posted: 28 June,all,-ToNy_StoNe-,OKAY NICE GAME
76561198027089648,Not Recommended,238090,17170864,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,zardoz,Does not work for me. Suport can not help.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=soUrEk6gBR4
,Not Recommended,238090,31464332,Posted: 30 April,all,lorenas41,"I really cannot recommend this game. The game is very well built and it is very nice, both in terms of controls and story. But it is constantly crashing. I played an hour in campaign and it crashed 3 times. So you will probably imagine that my computer is trash, but that's npt the case. I have a very good computer with a gtx 960 and an i7 so I dont think that's the case. Plus I can run sniper elite 4 perfectly well. The game is very nice but it is constantly crashing. For this reason I cannot recommend it."
,Recommended,238090,14365846,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,The Bear Jew,"I've just found a snipers nest and my target is 94m away from me, the wind gauge reads as zero, no wind..this is good, this makes the shot I am about to take to end an Officer's life that much easier, that much sweeter. I take my time, as playing on Authentic; I have no room for errors. If I have to fire a second shot, I will have to relocate immediately, this could cause my demise and potenially lose my ""ghost"" bonus. I study my target making sure he isn't going to move. I finally sqeeuze the trigger gently, bullet time kicks in and I watch as my .30_06 round pierces the left side temple of my target, blowing out both of his eye sockets. The feeling of reward for my kill as a sniper is immense. I'm able to backout of the snipers nest slowly and move onto my next objective; searching the the targets corpse for intel. As soon as I reach ground level, however I run into the enemy on patrol. I take him out with a clean headshot, but now the chase is on, I need to relocate and find ample cover.While only five hours into the game and having completed just two missions because I insist on a clean, stealth run through, and playing this game on Authenic as well. So I find this game to be highly addicting. It's much like ones addiction to cigarettes, when I'm not playing this game, I am thinking about playing this game. And while the difficulty I have chosen is gruelling, I find the overall experience to great fun! The kill cam is something that I think will never get old, I enjoy seeing my work payed off in gruesome displays, it is highly satisfying. I can't help but screw up my face as I watch some of the kills, thinking how badly that must hurt. This game has sidetracked me from completing Tomb Raider and Dragon Age Inquisition. Both of those games are absolutely excellent!The main selling point of this game is the fun factor, the gameplay. You get to feel like elite sniper, who has other tools at his expense to make things interesting and, more impertantly to survive your mission. The gameplay is solid, though there are some issues with the AI and the controls, I feel could be a bit more refined. I do find the need to relocate often a nice gameplay mechanic. It is thrilling to run away from your current position to find a new position and hope that you're still a ghost.As for the story and the VO work, this game does leave much to be desired as it is rather paper thin. I don't view this as a dissapointment, as it allows me to just jump into this game and start sniping. No long, drawn out cut scenes are actually welcome to this game, given the type of game that it is. My biggest complaint is the ballistics system. At just 94m I had to hold my reticle about two inches high to comepensate for bullet drop. It would have been nice to see a system implemented ala Red Orchestra 2 to adjust your scope. Though the larger problem is that .30_06 is a round that is capable of hitting targets out to 800m. The round does not experience bullet drop inside of 100m. The round, depending on the grain used begins to drop at 200m-300m.The only other minor gripe is thatI feel the graphics could have looked better. Especially the lighting, seeing as it should play a dynamic role concerning the otherwise outstanding stealth system."
,Not Recommended,238090,17972576,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,The Spook,"worst horribly ""cliche'd"" and completely uninteresting characters ever seen in any game.  i felt more remorse killing the forsworn in skyrim than i cared when 1 main character buddy dies.  as everybody else says, you hardly ever have a chance to use your rifle and are sneaking around stabbing people or shooting them with a silenced pistol 80% of the game.  the few times you get a chance to snipe, you notice (especially with the garand) that the physics are horribly scaled (which was obviously to make up for small map size), but the farthest i ever remember being able to shoot was like 220 meters, and with that the bullet dropped like 4 feet, it would hardly drop an inch in real life at 300 meters.  nowhere close to as good as sniper elite v2, which i got for free, so i feel like i should have been paid to play through this game.  it was so bad."
,Recommended,238090,13447283,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,BlackBeard,Sniper Elite 3 is a exciting covert ops Game that can be enjoyed in Single Player Missions or with Freinds in Co-op or Multiplayer.  The Maps are Intense giving the Missions Submersive gameplay and a sense of reality.  I will give this Game a Mature rating but the Gore can be removed for the feignt hearted Gamers.
76561198085186179,Recommended,238090,13508405,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Rubix,PROS:+ Easy Controll+Great Graphics+Cool Kill Cams+Great StoryCONS:-Ive been stuck on the same f****** level for 3 days now-Glitches-BugsRATING: 4 1.3 Stars
,Recommended,238090,14256909,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,FreddaN*GeteN,Great game u can be sneaky and completed it eazy or go in heavy and get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥or be like rambo  buy this game m8s
,Recommended,238090,30679143,Posted: 22 March,all,Metapoetic,"A great game. Follows its predecessors and makes an extremely immersive third-person shooter. I thoroughly enjoy the new mechanics, distraction methods, and slow-mo kills. Great job, Rebellion."
,Not Recommended,238090,18525127,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Gosumania,"Very repetitive and the enemy doesn't seem to be particularly intelligentI don't feel the series evolve with this game. It introduces some new mechanics but executes poor which makes this game inferior to Sniper Elite 2. Firstly, this game is not about sniper is about knife and silencer pistol. It's about stealth-ing and spying. Even objectives are not indicated for a sniper. To destroy tanks or to steal intelligence. Secondly, the maps are not make for sniping and it's very costly to snipe. For every bullet you will be penalized with a lot of troops on your zone. All the guns are a waste of time you need to fire on some zone of the head. The graphics in this game is almost same like SE2 but with more illuminated effects."
76561198025609238,Not Recommended,238090,16969302,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Si,"This is the worst game I've played in a really long time.- You'll spend most of your time not using your sniper rifle.  The game is called Sniper Elite III.  Oh the disapointing irony...- the AI is just aweful.  The best place to shoot at the player is obviously in an open space with no cover.- AI can see through floors?- AI can hear you through cave walls 100m away?- did you alert guards? don't worry just run away a little and they'll forget you.- did this game really need to be 3rd person? No.- Controls are clunky at best.- YOU CAN'T TURN OFF OIL LAMPS!?- Only 4 sniper rifles in a game called Sniper Elite 3?  Way to much DLC that should have just been in game.- bugs, bugs, bugs...- fall from a waist high ledge, that'll cost you 20% health...- tiny view distance, constant pop insI'm thoroughly disapointed, wasted potential."
,Recommended,238090,11523694,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Cherry Licking Boy,love this game on my 4th time through on hardest level now.
76561198062000047,Recommended,238090,11130421,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,PnoyRuthless,"This game is by far the best WWII game that revolves around sniping. If you are looking for a 3rd person shooter that has stealth, huge maps, and a hell of a rewarding kill system, this game is for you. The game revolves heavily on taking down objectives in the ways you choose. The game itself try to get you to play stealth for the most part, but you can go gunsblazing in to the battlefield if you so choose. The game features the head of the games spotlight killcam, which has an x-ray slow motion killcam when you successfully kill a person with a sniper. The game does progress in difficulty and varies in the stages that you must complete. Overall, this game is a great pickup for anyone looking for a rewarding sniper experience."
76561198043714145,Recommended,238090,19346264,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,lag lag,"1-The game has a wonderful graphic .2-Fascinating Hunting and great playabilty with lot of options ,3-Intersting character and story .4-If you are a fan of WW2 games and all you sould have this game.5-Gore .10 out of 10 a great game I like it ."
,Recommended,238090,32922139,Posted: 28 June,all,V For Vegun,It's awesome ! 10/10 recommended
,Recommended,238090,33229182,Posted: 4 July,all,ax1dent,THE GRAPHICS ARE INCREDIBLEImmersive gameplayIf you want a game with snipers this is a game for youHaven't tried the multiplayer yetI kinda ♥♥♥♥ed up the save and now I'm stuck in a 6.5 second sequence and failed the mission xDGood game get it now it's only 5.59 it's a steal
76561198331701929,Recommended,238090,33164930,Posted: 2 July,all,Mack The Mighty,"If you like being stealthy or sniping enemies from afar. Then Sniper Elite 3 is for you.The Bullet Time/Cam view...headshots has never been so satisfying, the xray view is too awesome.The sneaking is ok for me...crouch you're safe throughout, but move a bit too slowly. Run and you willcause everyone within 10m around you to be suspicious.Bottom line is: Buy this game if sniping and sneaking is your style of play.Tips: Headshots gives you more xp than sneaking up to get melee kills."
,Recommended,238090,30127289,Posted: 23 February,all,ChickenFuzzNuts,"anyone with a intel HD 5500 graphics with an i-7 core this is the review for you.anyone wanting a good-decent review on the game this is the review for youIntel graphic details below, scrol past for my review on the game if you wantSniper Elite 3 is plable on a intel HD 5500 graphics with an i-7 core as the settings I had the game set to are below> Texture Detail - MED> Shadow Detail - LOW> Anisotropic Filtering - OFF> Supersampling - OFF> Anti-alasing - OFF> Draw Distance - LOWwith these setting I got an average of 25-30 FPS 40 FPS top sometimes 50 in some areas of the gameSniper Elite 3 was an interesting game to play not as challenging as Sniper Elite V2 with all its colectables but still a bit challenging for an enjoying gaming experince.it is a fun game, annoyingly it oddly crashes at times so I had to verify my game files now and again to play it again.X-ray kill games are a lot better and improved so much more from Sniper Elite V2. more open area to snipe from is good but shooting one then moving away then going back to the same spot makes the game a bit to easy and easy to beat in a way. the challenges are good and make the game rather more enjoying to play as you try take on the challenges set for you. being able to customise your Sniper in Sniper Elite 3 is a great unlike in sniper elite V2 you couldn't. one decent thing about Sniper Elite 3 is that it wants you to take it seriously. Bushes will provide extra cover, loud noises will cover your shots, dark areas provide extra concealment, and enemies react to nearby sounds to determine your location. It tries to be realistic but some of the features make it so unrealistic that theres no point trying to go with being stealthly or trying to hide from the enemy at first I was trying to do stealth and take them out all quitely until I relised I can just kill them all off loud run off somewhere and they wouldn't care no more so thats a bit of a let down on the game but if you're new to sniper elite and never played it before then you're welcome to try it out for your self and see what you think.me well I'm gonna recommend this game for any intel graphics HD 5500 gamers that are looking for a good-decend game to play and for any sniper elite fans then my recommendation is a bit of a toss up as I really enjoyed sniper elite V2 and 3 but found sniper elite 3 fell a bit short on what it could of been like. I hope this review is useful to anyone reading this and its helped their thoughts on thinking about getting the game or not."
,Not Recommended,238090,19074185,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,NickiChaos,Game is ALWAYS crashing after startup and rebellion doesn't seem interested in fixing it at all. don't buy it because you won't even be able to play it.
76561198039339492,Not Recommended,238090,30085055,Posted: 21 February,all,jeffnbean,"Game is fun, but it crashes after about 10 minutes after I load the game.  I am trying to play the game on a Windows 10 system.  I'd stay away from the game until the devs fix the problem.  I'd also be hesitant to buy Sniper 4 if this is how the company handles their product."
,Not Recommended,238090,30231714,Posted: 27 February,all,Wullger,"Great premise, but the game frequently crashes to desktop at random, requiring you to either restart the level or pray you have a recent checkpoint."
,Recommended,238090,25936979,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,macintosh11235,"Don't be fooled by the flood of ""negative"" reviews from people who played over the free weekend. That always happens with games that go free to play and it is frustrating to see a great game get bad press because some picky people decided to play game critic with a game they didn't even bother buying or playing for more than a weekend. This game is fantastically optimized and is downright fun to play. It runs really well on old hardware and has all of the great features of the previous games, but with improved graphics, a new location, and customizable loadouts. If you played and enjoyed the previous games in the series, you will very likely enjoy this game. Lets face it, this series is mostly about poking holes in people from very far away and watching their organs get shredded and fly out those holes in slow motion. This game does that very, very well."
,Not Recommended,238090,30319809,Posted: 4 March,all,Solheim,"Customization 2/10AI - 5/10Gameplay - 7/10Graphics - 8/10Mission design - 10/10With that said... this game is RIDICILOUSLY unstable.Like clockwork it crashes every 15 minutes of gameplay.There are random fps drops from the normal 90-110 fps to 10-30 fps, which after a couple seconds goes back to normal.Random cutscenes show the game in lowest graphics settings.Do not buy this game unless its on a 70% sale or more."
,Recommended,238090,34067397,Posted: 6 August,all,KanJyro,wish the campain was longer than 8 missions and more than 30 hours of gameplay 8/10
,Recommended,238090,14498890,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Mukly,Amazing multiplayer. Cool Campaign!
,Recommended,238090,14028130,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,ĝЋ☢ŝ† #fixcsgo,"Cool game : there multiplay, but for me, it's inferior to a single game"
,Recommended,238090,14445619,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Sebs,"Awesome game, good looking, intelligent, Although the DLC is expensive I bought them on the steam sale. Found myself replaying the levels over and over again to see which way is the best and most silent way around."
,Recommended,238090,34425648,Posted: 22 August,all,Shirozawa,Great game
76561198130569912,Recommended,238090,14998287,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Maraigh,My three favorite things in one game. Sniping. Stealth. Killing Nazis.Would Stealthily Snipe Nazis again.10/10
76561198079370810,Not Recommended,238090,20146365,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Mathchaff™,Not really good i thought this game was going to be about sniping but it ain't it is more killing people with your pistol or knife or machine gun but when u shoot  your sniper u have to relocate which is very annoying.
,Not Recommended,238090,20165228,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,TheSimplier,"I'm sorry this had to fall under my category of ""nope"". But this game doesn't live up to my expectations. The graphic isn't something to get excited about, the gameplay is really, really linear. Explosions are boring, how did they even do that? And the worst thing of them all is the sound, the sound is laggy and awful, you can literally hear the bits swooshing past while in slow motion following a killing bullet.So, recap: ""nope""."
,Not Recommended,238090,31460508,Posted: 30 April,all,Decafeiner,"When you go from game number 2 to game number 3, you may be allowed to think the developpers figured out what was wrong in the previous game and tried to fix it in the next one, right ?Well Rebellion doesn't work this way. They took what made SE:V2 a good game and removed it, then made SE3.sloppy controls, camera constantly shaking, mouse acceleration built-in and not possible to disable, enemies standing 3 feet from you not spotting you... (nope, I wasn't playing on easy mode, far of).If you liked SE:V2, please help yourself and do not buy this game... (don't need a long playtime for a gameplay test :p)AND ! last but not least, game crashes FOR NO REASON."
76561198072758716,Recommended,238090,16374590,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,FIGHTINGBASS™,Testicle Hunter 3 is the best testicle hunting game ever. 2/2 testicles. Would sterilize again?
76561198009655453,Recommended,238090,14353508,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,T.Olsen,"First impressions of Sniper Elite III is really good.The graphics and sound are good , and the game offers intense excitement . While you plow through the Germans. However I find this not very difficult and it took me about an hour to get through 2½ mission.The sturgeon residual plus is definitely the new "" bullet - time system "" is really impressive ! And probably the most residual news in the game .Would not think the game is full price 45.99 worth and have even bought it it - 70 % ie 13.99 where I thought it is incredibly good .The game , I find a little limited in the courts and would very much like to see a more free world where you greater freedom to decide which way you would take. In this game there is often only one way that you then are forced to follow .Do you love one person shooter , this is definitely a game for you !From 1-10 I'll give it 7"
,Recommended,238090,14876868,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,MGKoolie,"The headshot, nutshot, lungshot and everyshot has returned to us in Sniper elite 3. Now Good things about the new game more coop gameplay with friends more heads popping and of course slowmo kill cams.Although in this installment Bullet cams have been reduced drastically its still a fair game.ok to be fair the good and the bad scenarios...The good:        Still has working coop.No connection issues.Ran great on a average computer.The kill cams are improved *slightly*Fun assortment of weapons.The bad:Ragdolls falling into the world. *Didn't happen all very much in my playthrough but was enough to notice.*A sad thing I missed the Killcams in slow mo on every kill. *To some it might seem monotinous but thats one of the reasons we play these sniper elite games.*The price tag, for a 40 dollar game you would expect atleast a 6 to 10 hour campaign for what we pay.  We got pretty much 5 hours exactly out of a coop campaign with taking a few minutes to get up grab a drink use the restroom and mess around searching for some secrets and the optional missions.All in all this review may not help alot of people but the facts are if you love the series such as myself and my coop  partner then you would enjoy this game. There is a lvl 50 cap which we only hit lvl 10 / 11 so there is replayability for sure to get those stats up and unlocks.Final rating would be 7/10"
76561198085860302,Recommended,238090,24739210,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,agent G,Love playing this game...Super Graphics... Super Gameplay...Super Action..AAA+
,Not Recommended,238090,17911297,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Lu,"I expected something much more open world than what I found. There is a path to follow.Also expected to sniper the enemies, as the name suggests, but there is not enough ammo to do that, so you have to either kill with noise or really approach them.The reasons why I bought the game are not in the game. I will go back to Far Cry 4, that is open world and has much more sniper possibilities than Sniper Elite III."
76561198009116363,Recommended,238090,12971744,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Bry Da Punk,"What i like about Sniper 3 is you are free to take your time and really plan taking down a large group of enemiea undetected. No time limits means you can behave like a real sniper and lie in wait for ages until the time to shoot the kill arrives for you with no constraints telling you to hurry up like a ticking clock but this is present in a very minor part of the game for specific mission(s).What i don't like is although they have improved the X-ray kill cams with better muscle and bone fragmentations they have taken out one or two kill hit zones that were in the previous Sniper Elite V2 game - for example in Sniper V2 if you were accurate enough you could shoot and dismember the fingers of an enemy soldier whilst he was unaware of your prescence and smoking a ciggy, yawning or drinking from something....even coughing - as long as his hands were raised to that zone pretty much there was a chance of this happening which was a very satisfying thing to achieve in my opinion.......BRING IT BACK (in an update hopefully) AND I'LL GIVE A FULL STAR RATING TO THIS GAME."
,Recommended,238090,11280501,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,StrifeWolfe,"I've read the complaints about this game and many of them hold little to no merit. This is an amazingly fun game that would suit a wide variety of play styles and almost encourages multiple playthroughs. Each mission could take you 20 minutes if you rush through guns blazing, or if you play this game like a smart and calculating individual, you can make missions go on for over an hour to be a ghost sniper dug into a hide. The multiplayer is incredibly fun, and encourages teamwork. My favorite game mode, No Cross, forces you to move from location to location after each shot and carefully pick your hide and be patient. I have not tried the Co-Op so I have no experience with that. But you can play a horde mode solo or with a friend, as well as a sniper/spotter Co-Op mode. I can play this game for hours and not get bored with the variety of game modes, and the sadistic fun of watching heads, lungs, livers, kidneys and balls explode in super detailed, slow motion bullet cams. If you are a fan of the other Sniper Elite games, I highly recommend this game."
76561198118450507,Not Recommended,238090,24417791,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Sinister Strudels,"Let me start by saying that I played and loved the first two Sniper Elite games, they gave me the sniping experience no other games could deliver at the time. Sniper Elite 3 has better graphics, customizable loadouts, and fancy new maps, but it fails to improve upon the gameplay experience. What I mean by that is enemies can see you behind cover, the third-person controls feel a bit clunky, and in some situations (like in mission 5) enemies will not render until you get to where the game wants you to be. These problems can be very frustrating, especially in a stealth based sniping game. The game is still fun as long as you play it ""the right way"", it just seems a bit linear to me."
,Recommended,238090,33174804,Posted: 3 July,all,:<,"i dont know why, i love how my bullet hit them testicle. lul"
76561197982796274,Recommended,238090,33861961,Posted: 28 July,all,Pandy Monium,"Graphics are good although I'm not a great fan of the level design. Gameplay gets better as you develop ways to deal with the difficult stealth mechanics. The kill cam frequency could be dialled down a bit by default. The one thing I have a problem with is that I have completed 3 levels of 8 and still have a very loud sniper gun. In fact it seems to be discouraging the use of a sniper rifle in favour of Splinter Cell style stealth, yet it's called Sniper Elite. I get fed up with having to keep running to a new position. The only solution is to find a noise maker and use it to mask the sniper rifle. But this gets as bit tiresome after a while. They should up your power and allow development of new tactics from level to level. Instead the gameplay stays pretty rigid. Despite all this I play a level every now and again and fairly enjoy it. Eventually I'll complete it. I bought it in a sale but glad I didn't pay full price. 6/10."
,Not Recommended,238090,11330437,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,=]H[= Karl,"Not worth the few hours the campaign offers you to play. Basically a slightly better SEV2, except for that the noises which cover your shots sometimes take minutes to occur, making stealth only a possiblity for the incredibly patient, while you might as well go full rambo and complete the missions in less than half the time."
76561198056591778,Not Recommended,238090,11373295,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,The Kiwi,"HUD and Customization had improved, but gameplay was disappointing and slow-paced.Almost every additional mechanic that its prequel didn't have, only contributes to making gameplay generally more obnoxious.I rarely had any opportunity to relax after a well completed mission.It's just a mess from start to end.Although someone who has not played Sniper Elite V2 may not have such an immediate opinion, but as its predecessor was a great favourite of mine I feel this game is simply an insult.I can't be completely unfair with it though. Lot of work was put into this game and the overall design of the game is quite well done. While it compliments the WW2 genre, putting ""Sniper"" in the title is in my eyes just a foul violation.3/10"
76561198233294844,Recommended,238090,28448657,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,J3ff,"Nice game overall, almost got all the achievements other than ELITE FAN :/"
,Not Recommended,238090,18274027,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Kevin™,CO-OP NOT WORKING FIX IT !
76561198040042437,Not Recommended,238090,19230549,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Sgt Cold,"Have you played and enjoyed Sniper Elite 1 and 2? Then you won't enjoy this one.Pro:Multiplayer Coop Missions make the game fairly fun because you can rant with a friend about the bugs and horrible logic.Contra:Very very basic AI logic. Like a Splinter Cell game from 2005. Also some enemy sees you behind wall bugs.Re-location is also very basic logic. Make hell of noise, kill 17 people, then go 30m aways from that, wait 10 seconds, and enemies forget anything happened.No multiple ways to achieve goals. Only larger corridors how to get there.Audio design is a horribly disfigured ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ baby of good audio design. (I can hear an enemy 300m away loud and clear, so I always have to sneak because I assume he's in 20m range.Masked shots are realistic for a 4 year old child. If a small generator makes noise in a 10m radius near me, I can kill enemies 300m away without any AI hearing the shot. Is even more noticable in MP because if other player sits amongst the enemies, the shot can be clearly heard like in real life. A sniper rifle is way louder than a generator 300m away. What the hell?Map border killzones with no warning, just getting damage until dead. Very very poor.I could list some more, instead I just give you the conclusion:This game looks and feels as if it was made by an Indie developer that bought some high quality assets(models, image effects, etc.) and threw some scripts in there. The focus is on graphics.Fun factor: 1/10, 4/10 when in multiplayer.Replayability value: None.Price/performance: Very very bad.Realism: 1/10Frustration: 9/10"
76561198263111517,Not Recommended,238090,34693681,Posted: 2 September,all,Blue Flames,"You know I really enjoy the Sniper Elite series and I would like to continue liking it but when this game crashes every single time I open it, it takes the fun out of it."
76561198085420791,Recommended,238090,22652728,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,TheNormalPerson_,Im not proud of how much time i needed to get a Testicle Shot...Am proud of it though!
,Recommended,238090,27007339,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,May,Amazing gameplay!
,Recommended,238090,10958424,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,NorthStar,"I've played a bunch of sniper games, and this is probably the first one where I've really felt like I was a sniper. If you're careful, you can sit in a nest for 10 or 20 minutes just picking guys off. Everything has been improved over the previous game. The graphics and x-rays got a boost, of course, but also the stealth system is much, much better, the maps are wide open with multiple approaches, no more magical trigger-spawned enemies, new progression system, rifle customization... the list goes on and on. Probably the only downside is the limited number of missions available, but they play so differently each time you'll want to repeat them. Definitely a must have for any fan of shooting stuff or stealth action games."
76561198011672668,Not Recommended,238090,25948271,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Captain Jin,"Only worth if it you are a Sniper Elite fan, and only then when it's 80% off. The graphics are pretty enough and the performance is honestly surprisingly good. The controls are erratic, the AI goes from painfully stupid to elite snipers the second you're spotted, and the ""free"" DLC is just the SP maps turned into MP maps as far as I can tell. The desert environment gets boring about 5 minutes after refunding is no longer an option. Also bought the season pass in the bundle however, and I'll admit the DLC mission are pretty fun, but the fact that there are by default only 8 missions is absolute ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. I'd pay at most $15 were I bigger fan of the franchise, but $50 normally is unbelievable for a game lacking so much content."
76561198023069321,Not Recommended,238090,11098276,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,[SFG] Hazzard,"dont see this as an improvement since number 2 just a carry on with a different story. Ive also encountered so many bugs/glitches like the one where once you get spotted every one can see you but say you kill every one in the area and therefore no one else to spot you, you go into the next area with more people your imedietly spotted and shot at until you finished that mission, also getting killed through walls/floors by snipers.and just recently got a the Camo DLC pack and now my game lags like hell. no graphic options changed since last playing and now its unplayable ... i would no recomend this game for the price its worth .. totaly over priced for an un finished sequal"
,Recommended,238090,11002594,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Mozzy f(x),"Very good game worth every cent in your pocket+Sniping+Graphics+X-Ray Killcams+Entertaining+Optional Objectives+Ranking up, unlocking more weapons+Stable and fun multiplayer+Rifle customization, reticle and other stuff+Optimized-Hitboxes on objects: Rocks, like hitting them when your are clearly not aiming at them.-Occasional bugs when replaying a mission from the ""Mission Select"" menu, like character T-Posing and weapons buggingMy Rating: 8.5/10"
,Recommended,238090,32943454,Posted: 28 June,all,Rehvilhams,"SNIPER ELITE ! Stealth , Tactic ,Execute !Story 8/10Gameplay 10/10Graphic 10/10"
,Not Recommended,238090,19821991,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Zένø™ 👌,"I wish i could recommend this game but sadly i cant!This game doesnt feel like sniper elite.I love stealth games but i wasn't expecting stealth from this game.Sniper elite should be all about blowing some nazi brains.The short campaign is a big negative too.The africa setting and the level design are not my taste either.At least the game is very well optimized,thats the only positive i can think of atm.I give this game a 5.75/10"
,Recommended,238090,33107324,Posted: 1 July,all,OKIROKI,BEST GAME
,Not Recommended,238090,11597477,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Four Horseman,"I do enjoy the gameplay, it can be fun and somewhat of a challenge (depending on the difficulty setting).  The one big thing that turned me off, however, is the lack of content included in the vanilla game. I've never seen a shooting game with so few guns.  It turns me off, big time when I see all of this DLC for sale so shortly after release day.  The campaign is short, and only 2 horde style maps, and they both look and play the same.  There are positives, for sure: the game looks pretty good, and the x-ray cam can really give some good screen shots.One other negative, that has gotten better due to a patch or two is/was the unpredictable aiming when you are close to a window or ledge.  Bullets woulld not hit the target even though the crosshair is spot on.Overall, I can not recommend this game at it's current price; once it drops below $20 I could honestly say that I would change my  recommendation"
76561197969488727,Not Recommended,238090,28776720,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Wurstwater,"Feels like a horribly bad console port, I experienced many glitches in multiplayer games. The movement and the AI - also a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ Got my money back."
76561198051313306,Recommended,238090,10935918,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,DaRtH_PlAgEiUs,I freakin love it nice work guys
,Recommended,238090,10972735,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,{ ALI },لعبة خطيره جربه ولا تتحسف
,Not Recommended,238090,29262942,Posted: 14 January,all,Important Yogurt,"Great game, too short."
,Recommended,238090,10910988,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,domp,11/10 would kill hitler again
,Not Recommended,238090,26510668,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,AbyssHawke,ONLY BUY IF IT'S %75+.+Graphics+X-ray+Optimisation-Even in the hardest difficulty enemies has worse AI than a 15 years old kid.-Some hit boxes are just ridiculous. (Check fences)-Animations are far away from realism. (Especially the one when you hit the oil tank near 2 tanks.)-That boring classic voice acting. (The one that every hero has nowadays.)-Even the mounted turret sounds like a silenced rifle.-Game doesn't even worth the half of it's price.
76561197983347089,Not Recommended,238090,18563466,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Major Malfunction,"Don't expect to see anything in this game you have not seen before with the possible exception of the xray kills. Other than that the story gameplay and graphics are mediocre at best and if you  like a good stealth game, there are so many better options than this title. 4/10"
,Not Recommended,238090,33140974,Posted: 2 July,all,Volus Dragonwing,"Played through the campaign in 6-7 hours. The missions are fun, but repeatitive, and very quickly I felt like I was just playing the same level over and over. Also the over arching story is bland, and I could not care less why we're sniping people.However, the pew pew was fluid, and I definitely understand why some would enjoy this, but it's not for me."
76561198155332762,Not Recommended,238090,21180046,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,drcamburn,"This is without doubt the worst game i have ever played in my life.The name is misleading for starters. First word, sniper, is very incorrect as you constantly get penalised for using the sniper rifles. Most levels only have two or three areas where noise covers the rifles sound (some levels only have one though, like the kill hitler mission) an these locations are only good for one of two kills before you have to move on. Also to me sniper kind of implies long range kills, like shooting someone several hundred meters away. However my longest kill is around 200 meters which isnt really very far at all. Second word, elite, once again suggests that were in control of a highly skilled soldier. However i seemed to have to play as a soldier who cant run for more than a few meters, seems to have some illness that makes his arms shake/body twitch, and has difficulty shooting a hostile soldier at 10m. How this guy got sniper training is beond me, I guess he found a sniper rifle early in the war and no-one thought to question him having it. The mass inaccuracy of the sidearms is just mind boggling, and i cant believe anyone would be that inept at shooting, military or not.Gameplay wise the game plays like a crap version of metal gear solid. You sneak around a few african locations shooting people at close range with the silenced pistol, the only gun thats sort of usable for the most part of the game. The hostiles dont seem that bothered about you being there and dont seem that bothered about catching you. I dont speak german but im guessing most the germans go 'Oh look, that british sniper shot hans, but i cant see any snipers so i guess things are fine and we should go back to standing around.' The game doesnt even replace fallen guards or raise the alarm on discovery so hiding the bodes is a complete waste of time. When the german soldiers do actually find you, maybe you used your sniper rilfe, bad player your sniper rifle is just too look at, they either telepathically tell everyone where you are leading to the whole base looking for you for a few minutes before deciding you've probably gone home and go back to slacking off. Or they just stare at you for several seconds before raising the alarm, which brings a few soldiers over to have a quick look for you.Theres a few other things that really bring this game down and the bullet balistics and the kill cam mechanic doesnt really salvage this game. After the first level the game is basically sneak here, then sneak there, then sneak away. With really boring (assassinate the guy in a truck which can basically only be done with mines) or pointless side objectives (disable the spotlights, that you can only disable after sneaking past them) was the final nail in the coffin for me for me.Game has so many good ideas, but they're just awfully done."
,Not Recommended,238090,14482361,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,succ,"complete ♥♥♥♥ing crap, the game punishes you for sniping in a sniping gamethe second you fire a shot, every enemy will be on you like flies to♥♥♥♥♥♥you can relocate but the maps are so tiny you'll have to run out into the open and probably get taken out, you can mask your shots with sound but only at certain places which are few and far betweenthe maps are so tiny and the rifles range is so tiny its better off just stealthing around and headshotting with the pistol, which basically makes this game a really ♥♥♥♥♥♥ MGS wannabeIT IS NOT A SNIPING GAMEits a very generic stealth action game with a rifle with a longish scope, don't buy if you expect actual sniping, theres very little of it"
,Recommended,238090,10875956,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Dingo Dango Damn,This game is like a full sized candy bar on halloween night.10/10 would bang
,Not Recommended,238090,20603445,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,crap at the game but,"DO NOT BUY THIS BROKEN PIECE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥GAMEthe devs have abandoned it. you are wasting your money. this also goes for other titles by Rebellion, which include Alien vs. Predator and Zombie Army Trilogy.when i load this game up it crashes out before getting to the main menu. requests to the devs for troubleshooting assistance or even a bug fix have been ignored for nine months and counting."
76561197960309573,Recommended,238090,32784318,Posted: 25 June,all,DocRockSOO,"Runs like a dream in 1440p Ultra on my RX480/i54670k@4.4 ghz.Second kill in the game I shot a nazi in the testicles, 10/10"
,Recommended,238090,23720994,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Gbit,"If you have a thing for watching people getting shot in slow motion ans x-ray vision, this is a good alternative to doing it in real life.X-rays and slow motion cameras cost a lot.Oh, and it's illegal.That too."
,Recommended,238090,29976604,Posted: 16 February,all,illunate,Gud
,Recommended,238090,19241477,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,A$AP Newell,"If you like being sneaky and blowing up Nazi testacles, play this game. Very fun."
,Recommended,238090,18275350,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,S.,"If you love Sniper Elite V2 like me, you will love this game too :)"
,Recommended,238090,10880390,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Thilinkalin,Its a very nice game. But there is bugs so hope it gets a patch soon
,Recommended,238090,14745910,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,FnaticBoy538,pretty good
76561197970549991,Recommended,238090,14804949,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,RedFox,"Brought back the large, free form levels from the original, combined with superior handing and less clunky controls. A vast improvement over Sniper Elite 2."
76561198145603030,Recommended,238090,18293469,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Senesca.Zev,very cool!!!
,Recommended,238090,10879386,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,No.111_Grunt,"Alot of improvment, ACTUAL stealth, varried means to complete objectives, well designed locations and a brilliant killcam make this a worthy installment in the Sniper Elite series. Best sniper games out there."
,Recommended,238090,16385699,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Pepes,very fun to hunt testicles of the italian guy in africa10/10 would hunt testicles of the russian guy (SE4)
,Recommended,238090,10877778,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,soonerspoon,"I am only about two hours into the game, but so far it seems they fixed alot of the inventory issues from SE v2. The consequences for rushing instead of play as a stealty sniper are very punishing. So far a very solid game, I have yet to try Coop or MP."
76561198054287778,Recommended,238090,18376842,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Angry Arthropod,Would rate fully sick
,Recommended,238090,16402907,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,RayBeeze,Quickscope Simulator 2014
,Recommended,238090,17955447,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Busverpasser,"Best sniper game I have played so far. I already enjoyed its predecessor but this one is way better. The map variety is great, the campaign has a great length and maps are open enough to allow different approaches on the targets.I can also recommend the Save Churchill DLCs, the Kill Hitler one disappointed me in terms of length/variety."
,Recommended,238090,19937806,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Agge,Aw3sum Gaym3 omfg T0pk3K
,Recommended,238090,12470703,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Young Pussy Bacon,10/10 it's okay-IGN
,Recommended,238090,23935546,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Gahdinn,"This game is similar to the Hitman series, which is a good thing. I enjoyed stealthily killing enemies, making sure to get everyone on each mission. I didn't realize until halfway through the game that unlike Hitman, it doesn't really matter whether bodies are found, and thus stopped spending hours per mission sneakily killing people in a manner that allowed me to dispose of their corpses. On the later missions I began to experience significant bugs, such as multiple copies of the same enemy spawning in the same location. A few times this made for easy double kills, but it seemed my bullets wouldn't kill more than two stacked enemies, and I sometimes saw three. All in all, it was worth buying and playing, so I give it a 'buy-it-on-sale' thumbs up."
76561198335640614,Recommended,238090,29959658,Posted: 16 February,all,karabasas,gam 5/4 but end wery expensive money:(
76561198294638815,Recommended,238090,29963089,Posted: 16 February,all,Lex 47,Lovely :))
,Recommended,238090,10877037,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Senpai,Havent played but ima gonna be spewing out bricks
76561198014047756,Recommended,238090,16398160,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Mr Safety,"I would recommend this game!Awesome game, but story is a little too short."
76561197994245753,Recommended,238090,11074213,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,sK0pe,I've only played a few missions but its so much fun already.One of the few true stealth games.A worthy successor the the last two Sniper Elite games and worth playing to 100% like the others.
76561197995250766,Recommended,238090,11316413,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,F0XL1T3,Great game! Dynamic and fun!
76561198078134930,Recommended,238090,12342468,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,GhostWarrior117,this game is a really tactical game and if you like tactical type of game or you just like to shoot from a distance you should play this game
,Recommended,238090,12358969,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Девятиклассница,Cool game with incredibly beautiful graphics.
,Recommended,238090,13473083,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,NCLR,I blew someone's testicles up in slow motion with x-ray vision.10/10 would e'splode again
76561197983154341,Recommended,238090,13436758,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,rwirwin,"After Playing Wolfenstein , and then playing Sniper Elite 3 with that great grafics and game levels, I cannot find a better game tp Play. And I'm 80 years  young"
76561197972258172,Recommended,238090,24762172,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,[Snizza] EyesofWrath,"There's not a lot different between this and Sniper Elite 2, aside from graphical enhancements, and being set in the desert rather in Europe.The problem here is variety. No matter how good the game strives to be, there's always a point where it's just more of the same. Unfortunately SE3 is mining the same vein as SE2 was.Don't get me wrong, I enjoyed the game, I'd say it's a good game, and I recommend it, even at full price, but if you found SE3 tedious after a while, the same is likely to happen with this one."
76561198212846896,Recommended,238090,30320252,Posted: 4 March,all,ArousedFrog,Gr8 game
76561198014990803,Recommended,238090,15119369,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Ruckus Bringa,A very fun and graphically apealing game and take a friend with you and team up and see how you deal damage together. 8/10 for sure.
,Not Recommended,238090,20626073,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Willy Wanker,dont buy this unless you really like snipingcons:bad AI movementbushes have bad hitboxesAI can see through busshes like it's thin airEnemies can survive a meatshot to the chestAI likes to move exactly when you're going to shootpros:testicle shotsThere could've been done a lot more with the AI which is the main reason I don't like this game.
,Recommended,238090,33045967,Posted: 30 June,all,Кунг фу Баја,Dobra igra.
,Recommended,238090,33063572,Posted: 30 June,all,ImOnYourTeamNoob,best.-----------------I'm done with it on 19.4 hrs on record :'cthe story is very interesting for me.gameplay just look like Sniper Elite 2 but + vehicle shoot xray
,Recommended,238090,28732113,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,ThePCGamer101,"DISCLAIMER: This is a full review, and NOT a first impressions review like all my other reviews, if you want a better full review, then please read better reviews then minePLEASE NOTE: Now I do not agree with what the Nazis done back in the WWI and WWII era and what the Führer did to all the people back in the World War era, now I mention Nazis and the Führer in this review/first impressions review, I am just mentioning the Nazis based on the game's plot, story and locations, NOT because I want to, so please, think before you comment! Enjoy :)Sniper Elite 3, is the third game in the Sniper Elite series and is developed by Rebellion Developments, rather than taking place in Germany like Sniper Elit V2 took place, you now go to the desert in Africa. You are an American sniper trying to locate and destroy or snipe objectives given to youThe graphics are fantastic, the music is very good, the voice acting on both the English side and German/Italian side is great and it is satisfying game, especially when you snipe someone and the camera focuses on the bullet piercing through the bodies of the enemy. It is so satisfying, kind of makes me feel like I am playing Shadow Warrior with the katana, but this time it is a deadly sniper. Overall it is a great game, some glitches and dumb AI here and there but overall it is a great game to playBUT, if you want a game that makes you feel satisfied in killing Nazis and set in the WWII era and includes a side of sniper action and stealth, then this is the game for youRECOMMENDED :)"
76561198349555030,Recommended,238090,33156612,Posted: 2 July,all,Fat flash,good
,Not Recommended,238090,30321509,Posted: 4 March,all,Mack,"Cannot get the game to run for more than 5-10 minutes without crashing and it's not my pc, trust me. Game is poorly optomized. Steam declined my multiple requests for a refund. DO NOT BUY!!"
76561197970676676,Not Recommended,238090,30313432,Posted: 4 March,all,atomicskicarver,"tried running this on 4 machines now and no joy.they did try to assist for a while, but when the fixes were long winded i eventually gave up.It now runs on the forth machines, but there is a bug preventing me from completing the first mission, a bug know about for a very long time now, with no fix.So. Spent loads of money on game and never got to play it.There is no way I am forking out for the new version."
,Recommended,238090,28098176,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,!T3,Very Very Very love this game. <3
,Not Recommended,238090,25140329,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,*SZO* The Cell {LdV} [Ger],"The game is basicly good, but since I play it coop, IT IS NOT!The reason is simple:-Conection lost?REPLAY THE ENTIRE LEVEL BECAUSE WE DIDN'T PUT SAVEPOINTS IN IT!-You failed at the very end?TOO BAD, JUST REPLAY THE ENTIRE MAP AGAIN, BECAUSE THERE IS NO CHECKPOINT THIS TIME!-Oh, you both want more x-ray shots?TOO BAD! SINCE WE FEARED SOMEONE WOULDN'T LIKE IT, WE DIDN'T MAKE AN OPTION TO INCREASE THEM FOR COOP!The coop mode is ♥♥♥♥♥♥ as all hell! DO NOT BUY THE GAME IF YOU WANT TO PLAY IT COOP ONLY!IT ISN'T WORTH THE MONEY"
,Recommended,238090,25812518,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,pondscumb,good
,Not Recommended,238090,30279769,Posted: 2 March,all,Ethan,Broken.Will not run on Windows 10 without crashing.I guess there's no reason to fix it now that Sniper Elite 4 is out..
,Not Recommended,238090,30279289,Posted: 2 March,all,Matak3000,Horrible optimisation and constant crashes.
76561198124206472,Recommended,238090,25358832,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Lother,Exploding testicles1000000/10
76561197975223608,Recommended,238090,32866872,Posted: 27 June,all,» Backstabber «,nice
,Recommended,238090,32800245,Posted: 25 June,all,Trooperw,very fun to play with friends and i had a great time playing it
,Recommended,238090,32891404,Posted: 27 June,all,Precision,Very Enjoyable. Furfilled my inner Chris Kyle.
76561197960863381,Recommended,238090,14379049,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,MogWai,Very fun game with friends. on lan or just plain coop
,Recommended,238090,15385365,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,[UniGamer] Alkiviadis,"You are a Sniper, you are Elite, and you do stuff for the 3rd time in the series.Gr8 b8 m8 8/8"
,Recommended,238090,15892815,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Taco Pump,I got it for 10 bucks and sniped some people 10/10
,Not Recommended,238090,26037045,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,atticus,"it's games like this that make me wish the review system allowed for a more complex response than a simple ""yes"" or a ""no"". there's a lot i actually enjoy about this game. that being said, it's far too unpolished and lacking in content to be worth it's full $49.99 asking price at the time of this review. if you're interested in this game, i highly recommend waiting for a sale."
76561198094183439,Recommended,238090,29673892,Posted: 3 February,all,adam.z23,Nice gameI spent a lot of hours playing this game.I really recommend it to everybody.+Nice graphic+Preparing your snipers skill :)- Price
,Recommended,238090,28224590,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,DiNo,very realisitc balistic totally love it
,Recommended,238090,29136416,Posted: 9 January,all,Kumiho,Would teleport and instantly die again
,Recommended,238090,26825196,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Danvil,Steam community awards :>
,Recommended,238090,23905032,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Ale & Yorsh,"Stealth feels good, shooting people in slow motion feels good, visuals are nice, performance is great and the game itself is complex yet very accesible.Don´t know how I managed to ignore this series until now but I really like it!"
,Not Recommended,238090,30666721,Posted: 22 March,all,Only­Fails,Keeps crashing.FPS drop issues.But fun game.5/10i7-gtx980
,Recommended,238090,31481881,Posted: 1 May,all,Niculescu91,"If you have a decent network connection and a decent PC, not a wooden one, the game runs actually very softly and gently. No bugs, no frame drops, no crashes. Buy and enjoy ! :)"
,Recommended,238090,23952409,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Jesus,"Pretty sweg gameAnd it was 10 bucks, me likey"
76561198033197300,Recommended,238090,29161675,Posted: 10 January,all,✥King Sandbox✥,Best way to Review is to just gameplay^^Have fun!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F3coRgLgNUk&list=PLzdIB8lHIz_0upOWmY_Y0ZPR1GgZY_L4H
,Not Recommended,238090,11103717,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,scotlanders,I want a refund. not worth £39.99 the amount of content is disgusting 4 sniper rifles 3 pistols. Not enough missions felt like a 10 minute game. DONT BUY WASTE OF MONEY!!
,Not Recommended,238090,11123431,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Ð4Rk3lEmEnT,"As much as I enjoyed playing Sniper Elite V2, I cannot say that I had a good time playing Sniper Elite III. It looks very unfinished and the bugs that I ran into demolished my entire gameplay experience. The game itself looks really nice graphics wise, running on a GTX 770. The maps are much larger and open than in its predecessor but you still have to struggle with the annoying spawn mechanics, whereas you can take a look at an obvious spot for an enemy sniper (like a tower) and spot nobody. And while you approach it BOOM there he is, spawned out of nowhere as you are getting closer. The shooting distances are often very short and the game feels more like a close-quarter hide-and-seek game for kids.I should have saved the 40€ I paid when it was on pre-order. A real disappointment."
,Recommended,238090,18955781,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Scorch,"Are you intrested in this game? Buy Sniper Elite 2, as it's a far better game. If you really like Sniper elite 2, then get this one."
76561198112302869,Not Recommended,238090,31444565,Posted: 29 April,all,BeardedIdiot,Crashes every 10 minutes AVOID
,Recommended,238090,25944775,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Nana_Eroshi,Online mode rather boring as some modes.
,Recommended,238090,33002881,Posted: 29 June,all,Ochi De Cățeluş,This is a really good game
,Recommended,238090,14358966,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,vaska00762,"Is the game worth the price? Only on sales, TBHAre graphics good? Yes, but only with a modern cardIs the story any good? No, you just shoot Germans and ItaliansIs the game fun? YesIf you like stealth games and sniping games, this game is for you. If you just like third person shooters, you will find yourself having quite some fun in this.My last praise is that they focussed this game on the African campaign, which is generally overlooked by popular culture, as it's almost always the Pacific or the European campaigns in every other WWII game."
76561198065599885,Recommended,238090,19758347,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Peter A. Romanov,"6.5/10Pros:-North African Theatre, very refreshing and often ignored part of WWII-More freedom in the campaign-Loved the secret passage ways-Once again, great bullet dynamics-Loved the German and Italian forces, very refreshing from the last-Great map designsCons:-Stupid story-Bits of the game still linear50.00 is a bit too much. 30 would be better."
,Not Recommended,238090,18301600,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Tazclap,clunky ♥♥♥♥ing garbage
76561197972536921,Recommended,238090,20557037,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Tiboom,When I killed hitler he only had one testi GG
76561198120405686,Recommended,238090,20607862,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,SKRT SKRT FEMINIST,this game is really fun and addicting
,Recommended,238090,20000311,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,manchicken31,This game is very fun. Quite realistic and you can't not laugh after seeing a groin shot
76561198023964750,Not Recommended,238090,20183637,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,KILN,"Complete Trash, might as well not even tried to develop 3, Glitches everywhere im trying to shoot across a building hitting an invisible wall that covers the entire half of the building ... ok ... shouldnt happen in any game what the ...."
76561198127933757,Not Recommended,238090,20549427,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,SallyMcSaggytits2,"This game is kinda like a guy that farts too much, At first you laugh and have fun, but like ten min later, You are just sick and kinda done with it and its just not fun anymore"
76561198032084188,Recommended,238090,21497513,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,free,first sniper Elite game for me ... nothing special or groundbreaking but ok to buy it in sale and enjoyed during the long winter nights
,Recommended,238090,21949762,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,ThE_MarD,"Heyyo,So I just beat the campaign to Sniper Elite 3 (played on Sniper Elite difficulty) and it was pretty good! The sniper gameplay is much like Sniper Elite V2 with a fresh coat of paint... and wow is it a lovely coat of paint. The graphics are phenomenal and the game runs so damn good too! They really brought the Afrika Korps to life in this game. You'll see beautifully rendered Panzer III and IV tanks, including the British Matilda... there's also the Tiger I Tank that looks badass.The sound effects are the next improvement... wow I love the sounds of the guns in this game. The MP 40 especially. The way it sounds when it fires or reloads is fantastic! I also love that creepy sound the game makes when enemy snipers are trying to get a bead on you or when enemies go into combat mode... kinda reminds me of 70's horror movie sound effects when the killer is sneaking up on you... freaks me right out heh.I guess I can talk about the sniper gunplay next since it's the main part of the game heh... well? It's handled quite nicely and the x-ray mode is improved over the second game in the series... but it's odd, sometimes the bullet cam gets confused and flies at full speed instead of slowing down or fails to recognize a double kill (can happen if enemies are too close together) but the rest of it works great. The controls are just about perfect... I say just about as I wish it had a button to toggle what shoulder you're looking over. it's annoying when trying to come around some corners if you're not hugging said corner to try and force the camera to pan shoulders...The campaign is actually quite the nice length as it took me 16.2 hours to beat so I feel it's actually a really nice length to it. The environments are varied and they don't feel the same which is nice since of course the gameplay options are a bit limited.. snipe, run away and return and snipe seems to work the best. It does feel like a bit of a gameplay flaw that enemies can't figure out where you are if you quickly run away and return to the same spot while they're in caution mode (yellow compass warning)... because if I ran away and came back in real life? They'd still figure out I'm in the same spot kind-of thing.Which leads me into AI... they're decent in this game but they give up WAYYY too easily. I mean... I just sniped two of your comrades! They're dead near you!!! What do you mean you're already returning to normal patrol? Aren't you worried that you're probably next? Hahaha.... So sometimes when I feel like a challenge? I'd place anti-personel mines at the bottom of stairs or ladders leading to me and set up... and then they never charge me. Instead they just keep tossing grenades at me... so that sucked. I'd recommend to other players doing the singleplayer to just set up traps in front and below where you want to snipe in positions you figure where the enemies will try and toss grenades from. I've also had AI run off bridges to their deaths and also run into fire from a left over explosion and get themselves killed haha... so yeah, AI isn't the best in this game and if I did a future playthrough I'd definitely do the hardest difficulty.So? 16.2 hours for the singleplayer campaign and I got it on a weekend sale. I'd definitely recommend it on those sales for the singleplayer. Tbh I don't really see myself doing multiplayer as I'm not the best at sniping haha so I'll keep my multiplayer gameplay to the likes of World of Tanks. So? If you enjoy"
,Not Recommended,238090,17817575,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,major_joy,"buggy,♥♥♥♥♥♥mechanics"
,Recommended,238090,19916966,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,"smurf, destroyer of smurfs",10/10 would want to castrate a man again
76561198037393879,Not Recommended,238090,14973762,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Shill,Game was meh. Campagin was meh. Multiplayer was meh. Don't even get to kill Hitler without DLC skulldugery.
76561198039860237,Recommended,238090,11155689,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,LibertyLime,theres sniping in this game 11/12
,Recommended,238090,18618549,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Spooky Ol' Untrustable,"Does anybody actually know what the story of this game is, or are we all here to watch slow motion headshots?"
76561198012606877,Recommended,238090,19467072,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,[40-1]FrozenDreams,Good Game 8/10
76561197973825786,Recommended,238090,28906983,Posted: 1 January,all,Apathia,"Fantastic game, great graphics. Nice to have a shooter game that is slower paced."
,Recommended,238090,28925836,Posted: 1 January,all,Big Boss,"I hate the fact that enemies have perfect aim. Other than that, the game is a solid 6/10."
,Recommended,238090,28832342,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Line,Good but story is too short without dlc.
76561198262741676,Recommended,238090,28916989,Posted: 1 January,all,"Uhh, Boneless Bizza?",Cool game so far... +rep
76561198183381301,Not Recommended,238090,28758788,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,KeithFukaton,"this game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ the close combat mechanics need some serious improvement. the guy is a wimp and is scared for gunfire, meaning tha when you want him to jumb out, there is a delay in firing causing you to get hit first. Grenades also bounce off invisible walls and dont follow the path of the throw line. you cannot shoot directly down but the NPC's can shoot without limitation, recoil and superb accuracy compared to the players guns.Movement is also annoying because the player carries on moving when you dont want them to and using mounted machine guns in a rush will just get you killed because of the small gab to show the key to use whch is the same to jump over a ledge.you cannot climb over rocks or up banks.summarry is that if you want a realistic battle/sniper game, keep lookingthe only good thing i like about this game is the scenary.I actually enjoyed writing this review more than playing the game itself."
,Recommended,238090,25953987,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,st0ne,I liked it alot had good strat and time paced mind focusing raw straight fun game play...SO BUY THIS B1T.CH !!!!!!!!
,Recommended,238090,34314376,Posted: 17 August,all,BrzuszekPempuszek,"Deutschland, Deutschland über alles,über alles in der Welt,Wenn es stets zu Schutz und Trutzebrüderlich zusammenhältVon der Maas bis an die Memel,von der Etsch bis an den Belt.Deutschland, Deutschland über alles,über alles in der Welt!"
76561198132651113,Recommended,238090,33233778,Posted: 4 July,all,NanoWarrior,Compeleted this two times and i will play again.
,Recommended,238090,19950093,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,HoH |Duck Vader|,"The AI is pretty silly, but the game is fun overall. The bullet cam in particular a lot of fun and never got old for me."
76561198197548137,Recommended,238090,20624756,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Fancy,"Good game, nice multiplayer aswell"
76561198033249534,Recommended,238090,20839610,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,MrHeadShot,"Fun to play through, decent graphics, really good multiplayer."
76561198113660720,Recommended,238090,28663091,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Mr.Red,Stealth based sniper game! what esle do you want? :P
,Recommended,238090,12083423,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,That boy LachieT,10/10 would Sniper again
76561198044695515,Recommended,238090,14814386,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,ATB | awesomesam,Testicle shot simulator 2015
,Recommended,238090,34072847,Posted: 6 August,all,Deiona The Joker,"Super fun, good graphics, and great storyline. I bought it for $4.99 which was a steal :)"
76561198128102640,Recommended,238090,29632594,Posted: 1 February,all,♕MARIO♕,BOOM HS!!!
76561198065168151,Recommended,238090,10974138,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,AOBJim,"Not Bad. Good Graphics, good gameplay but WHY change the key bindings?????"
,Not Recommended,238090,30209805,Posted: 26 February,all,Stryker,"This game isn't enjoyable at all.I'm on windows 10 and haven't had any issues with bugs or crashing, but the game itself just isn't fun. The open world aspect of the levels compared to the mostly linear levels of the past makes everything take much longer and much more monotonous. I'm not saying that open world is inherently bad, but in a sniping game spending half your time moving around some village isn't nearly as rewarding as the semi-open levels of the previous games. Running around plains in northern africa is fun for a bit, but when every level involves the same general tasks with a different map it gets really really cancer, even in coop.Along with this, the game is relatively short with only 8 levels; and of course the multiplayer is bound to not last long."
,Recommended,238090,19946589,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,arachnid14,i think this game is pretty good but:-aimbot users-multiplayer is camping simulator-since maps are pretty large CTF becomes difficult to find the person with the flag
,Recommended,238090,31329070,Posted: 23 April,all,[GWJ] Quintin H. Stone,"A qualified recommendation.  This game felt like a shorter, less interesting revamp of Sniper Elite V2.  Which is weird because Steam says I played 26 hours in SE3 and only 16.8 in SE2.  Maybe it's because I spent so much time in Sniper Elite 3 sneaking around and plinking with my silenced pistol instead of doing what the game is named after.I suppose that's on me.  A lot of the levels suggest a stealthy approach but it's not really necessary.  The AI is pretty bad, so you're expected to kill a few soldiers, move positions, and the survivors will forget you were ever there.  Even if they march across the corpses of their buddies while on patrol.This game takes place in northern Africa so the levels are mostly wide open deserts and generally not that interesting.  I was surprised when the game ended because it wasn't a big spectacular finish, just another dull mission."
76561198103151310,Recommended,238090,15584175,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,yfranky,"still a good game, have to play it"
,Recommended,238090,16474667,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,dwerhs,Cool game !
76561197966116205,Recommended,238090,12983828,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Otto Kill,"If you like stealth sniper games, then ya gotta have this one. I thought it was a little expensive but after playing it I decided it was worth every penny. I own all the sniper games and like to play them all, but this one is special. The sound and graphics are very good as I would insist on at this price. The maps are huge. I highly recommend this game along with the 'season pass' that comes to $70.00 while the season pass is on sale. A lot of work went into this one and I bet it will be supported by the developer for a long time to come. Enjoy!!After playing this game more, I am  going to have to add this:I really like the graphics and audio, but actual game play feels a little strange. I think this game was designed with the console in mind. The keyboard and mouse just don't feel right when steering this character around. You feel like an unseen entity watching your character move with your mouse and keyboard. You are 'not in the character' as in other sniper or shooter games.It is fun, but it does feel repetitive after a while. Anyway, it is a good game but I do feel a little bit let down."
,Recommended,238090,23798293,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,flack,headshot
,Recommended,238090,23998506,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Bozzybaby,Game is a blast. Love the kill shot animations and the exploding testes.
76561197973575529,Not Recommended,238090,11542271,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,LarryTee,To much money for too little. Campain is lacking a great deal. Like many other games looks like they have gone for the multiplayer at the cost of the story. Wait until its on sale.
,Recommended,238090,17119724,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Armlo,im glad i got this game on sale for 15 because 40 isnt worth it. the game isnt that long in terms of content but still great fun 6/10
,Recommended,238090,32934800,Posted: 28 June,all,базовый noob,"My favorite,anda you go buy anda play with me"
,Recommended,238090,18257827,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Nicho255 (Trading :),GREAT
76561197982786089,Recommended,238090,10870536,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,KableFI,This game is the mothership of all sniper games. You are sold after the first 10 minutes of the game. I highly recommend!!!
,Recommended,238090,31448491,Posted: 29 April,all,Grazenburg,Best Hitler killing sim ever!
76561198045042616,Recommended,238090,10879999,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Herr Führer,awesome
76561197997061990,Not Recommended,238090,28395589,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,naetharu,"Pros+ Visually pleasing+ Good UI+ Decent if forgettable voice-work and sound design+ Satisfying sniping mechanics on higher difficulty settingCons- Levels filled with invisible walls- AI is very stupid- Repetative gameplayAt the end of the day, this is not a terrible game. However, the sniper based play is at odds with the stealth. The result is AI that hears booming shots, sees their friends go down, and yet makes no real effort to find the shooter or otherwise respond in any reasonable way.The game feels very dated, and aside from its visuals, it really belongs to 2004 more than 2014. I guess it could be a decent enough distraction if you're really lost for something to play, but there are just way better games out there for the same money."
,Not Recommended,238090,34066212,Posted: 6 August,all,Tapeshoe,"8 missions, multiplayer doesn't work when it's not on admin mode and game doesn't start when it's on admin mode."
,Not Recommended,238090,25977109,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Ambassador Pineapple,"This game is not as good as Sniper Elite V2. I found myself doing more melee stealth kills than actual long range kills.  On top of that it was much slower than the other games.  They also seemed to have taken out the cover system from V2, I am not sure why.  It is overall just not as good of a game.  It doesn't feel like V2 or Nazi Zombie Army."
76561198139027064,Recommended,238090,18872802,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,TOCΔ,"love the game play but the campaign was very short lived for me, still a decent buy, but i dont see how it was a 14 gig download for such a short game..."
76561198005458610,Not Recommended,238090,30874692,Posted: 1 April,all,John csgobig.com openskins.com,Thumbs down!!! There are crashes every 10 minutes on windows 10 on nvidia graphics card adapters and the problem is not solved for 3 months now.  I will not buy sniper elite 4 until they care about this game as well...
76561198145113671,Recommended,238090,14273487,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,ThermalHERO,"Great game, looks amazing and plays amazing definately recommended. Though multiplayer ruins it, stick to single player challenges, campaign or Cooperative campaign.7/10"
,Recommended,238090,10896655,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Zhu qian qian's boy friend,"Nice action game give me a lot of memory of medal of honor break through. Airfield, sand,africa..steath kill ,SMG,sniper rifle."
76561197978350707,Not Recommended,238090,20057712,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Leftover Salmon,Not nearly as good as the first. Do not buy. The game doesn't feel like a sniper game. It forces you to sneak around WAY too much. I want to shoot my rifle at long range targets. Not walk around on egg shells the entire game. Would not recommend.
76561198008534852,Not Recommended,238090,18422014,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Skid-Lid,How did they even think they could sell such an unfinished piece of crap? The coop is the only redeeming factor and that's because my friend and I are both drunk and making fun of such an awful game!  I would put this game on the same level as Sniper:Ghost Warrior.
,Not Recommended,238090,20007471,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Mr.PePe,Bad game. It is crushing when I try to play.
,Recommended,238090,18623458,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,FluxZ#,"Do not shoot the bushes / trees.   10/10You raise the corpse and fly away under the textures.   10/10Silent passage in this game, ""ONE OF the BEST"" (NONE)   10/10Good game.  There is nothing to complain about"
76561198322038762,Not Recommended,238090,29748780,Posted: 6 February,all,sleazeball101,"The gameplay is fine, but it's just so buggy that it is impossible to enjoy this game. Crashes left and right, and tons of glitches that make this cool shooter a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Save your money."
76561198145743259,Recommended,238090,28923522,Posted: 1 January,all,Steak Salad,Helped me pass anatomy class
76561198043251759,Not Recommended,238090,11192217,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,cheyik,"The AI in solo mode is terrible.  The bad guys either all have ESP and can hit you from the moment they arrive, or - in lower difficulty modes - they are cardboard targets that stand there and get shot by you.I can't stand shooter games that have lazy collision modeling.  In other words, if I'm looking down my barrel and have an unobstructed view of my target I should not be bouncing bullets off of the window or ledge I'm looking over.Also, there is no excuse for a ""sandbox"" environment that contains uncrossable non-obstacles.  If my guy can jump and climb up a ledge I should not be forced to walk around a 25 cm tall pile of flat steel sheets.  This is one of those games that is frustratingly almost good - but because it's so close it is inexcusable that it would have such glaring 1990's style limitations."
,Not Recommended,238090,11485153,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Andy Boy,This game is pretty crap if i was able to get a refund i would. the backround graphics are pretty crap and the ai is horible this game definetly doesnt feel like a next gen game sniper elite 2 was way better. this game feels arcady. i would not recomend this game to anyone its a peice of junk !
76561198008896532,Not Recommended,238090,11185435,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,JOE1st,"sorry to copy someone elses review but i cant put how im feeling better than this preveious review doesas posted by another reveiwer to reflect how i feel----------4 sniper rifles in a sniper game. Do you want more? Buy the DLCs.4 pistols. Do you want more? Buy the DLCs.4 secondary weapons. Do you want more? Buy the DLCs.2 horde maps. Do you want more? Buy the DLCs.9 missions. Do you want more? Buy the DLCs.And so on, i guess you get it, right? Buy at your own risk. It lacks A LOT of content. In fact for 40 bucks it has a very low value.Edit: Feel free to join our discussion on the comments section. There you can see different points of view from various people."
,Not Recommended,238090,11158117,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Kyrano,"Still has the nice, methodical playstyle, with added stealth elements (melee kills!), but at $50, there's definitely not enough content to warrant that coin. I'd recommend waiting for a Sniper Elite V2/3 bundle pack at a discounted price."
76561198018701252,Not Recommended,238090,11194768,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,SeaBass1974,Controls are pretty wonky and everything that made Sniper Elite V2 awesome has actually been made worse. To top it off I did the pre-order to get the DLC (I haven't done this in a long time) and these guys (I really want to use foul language) unload 3 more DLC that wasn't included. This is the last time I ever pay full price or pre-order anything ever again. Video Game makers have lost sight of what made them great and this is a perfect example. I would wait for this to go down to $10 and the DLC is less than a dollar each. So disappointed.
,Not Recommended,238090,34263678,Posted: 15 August,all,[N.M.M] Relks,"Sniper Elite 2 was much better than this, this game has unfinished maps, pathetic or funny animation s(depending of how you see it), ridiculous story, problems for connecting to the coop game, lot of type of bugs, INCLUDING PROBLEMS WITH THE AUTOSAVE.Before playin this game, go to play sniper 2."
,Recommended,238090,28541684,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Ninjatov,This is how I train my AWP skillz for CS:GO
76561198134485765,Not Recommended,238090,34136394,Posted: 9 August,all,JokingBlue,Love the sniping and stealth but the rifles and pistols are♥♥♥♥♥♥♥USELESS!
76561197970642692,Not Recommended,238090,31778993,Posted: 15 May,all,}{ydro,"It's fun for a little while and I would give it a thumbs up, if it wasn't for sale for 30 bucks!  I think I paid $60 when it first came out.  Worth more like 10 bucks, if that.  I had high hopes for this one but it turned out to be a let down, not much content, beat the single player really fast, no real fun achievements or replayability.  Everyone just camps in multiplayer and sits on corners they know you'll come around.  Coop was fun playing with a friend for a little while, but that died out quickly too.  Could have been better :("
76561198069090304,Not Recommended,238090,11011621,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Brodster,Found alot of glitches and the AI is very strange and kind of broken.
76561197978158301,Not Recommended,238090,11175686,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,George,"DLC peddling, very short game, limited ways to play, not what was promised, better graphics. yay!?"
,Not Recommended,238090,11220013,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,usmc_brewer,This game has to many problems with the AI i played on Sniper Elite and was no problem cause you could kill 20 guys and the AI would go back to patroling instead of actively hunting you for a period of time.  IE like SurvivalI give this game a 4 out of 10
76561198047954154,Not Recommended,238090,11243383,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,just1fix2004,"Between the invisible corners that stop bullets, psycic mobs that can see through walls and know where your going to peek out, if your too close to an enemy you cant aim and shoot cause the end of the gun is through the mob, sighting through your weapon you at times cant see the enemy cause your own head is in the way, if the corner your cutting is on the right the enemy sees you before you can see him so you can only cut a corner if it is on your left, shooting mobs in the face and they just look at you and shoot back, other than that good game :\."
76561197970698112,Not Recommended,238090,11319516,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Maduhbee,"It's boring. Because I spent 49.99 on this game, I have to play it."
,Not Recommended,238090,19097060,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,PapaDelta138,"I remember the time whenSniper Elite V2was the game I had the most fun with in the series. . . Oh, wait, it stillisthe most fun in the series.To put it bluntly,Sniper Elite IIIdoes nothing to enhance the experience of the player, and falls way too short in what it tried to accomplish. Like, ""WOW"". I didnotsee it coming. The many reviews I've read that pointed out that it was  flawed, I didn't think it would be. But, uhh... no. The game sucks.It fails to entertain one with the storyline, the multiplayer, the overall gameplay ... Heck, let's call it Sniper Elite V2.5. I don't see anything new to it, except for the Afrika scenery, and the slightly improved graphics. Which is a tremendous shame.Again, I do like how they have improved the looks of it. The X-Ray shots are now more eye-opening, and the mechanics are more satisfying. But, that's about it. The game was all about the looks. And it only did okay over there. I feel it's an uncomfortable game to go through. It's just ... boring. And I'mNOTso easily bored with 1P-oriented games.So, in conclusion to this tiny review, no, I do not recommend this game. It's mediocre at best."
,Recommended,238090,35191345,Posted: 24 September,all,лягушка папа,you can SHOOT MEN
76561198134784969,Recommended,238090,12831358,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,7hiefof7ime,"A real fun game, best played on the authentic setting where the AI enemy start puts up a real challage and you get no help in aiming. The kill cam which activates when you do a skill shot, just makes the experience all the more sweeter."
76561197971459827,Recommended,238090,22807293,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,cmavent,Awsome storyline and x-ray kill cam!!! Highly recommend!
,Not Recommended,238090,29551680,Posted: 28 January,all,Iversman,"Issues consist of crashing to desktop, runtime errors, the game doesn't like it if you alt tab out sometimes as it refuses to load back up etc etc - the game crashes that much that I'm now stuck on an airfield mission: been trying to complete it for about 2 hours and it just crashes at random points every time.It's not terrible...but it has flaws such as the AI having what are essentially aimbots e.g. pop up from behind cover and get a shell straight to the face as soon as you peak over cover.Looking forward to SE4 - hopefully it's an improvement over this sorry excuse for a game."
76561198110167267,Recommended,238090,12894681,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,overkillone,"Great sniping and stealth action.Not the typical all guns blazing,wash-rinse-repeat action of todays fps's.This game stands out in the crowd.Great detail with the weapons,character movements,sound effects and map design.Missions take planning,patience,observing enemy movement and situational awareness.Choices are almost unlimited with how you play each map and many routes to take.I suggest getting the season pass too.Down side-could of included some of the season pass weapons with base game,maybe added a few more shorter missions to balance it out.If you don't like the price wait til it's on sale.I pre-ordered it($40) then bought season pass ($30) Season pass comes with all downloadable content."
,Recommended,238090,24631211,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,tuia,The game has guns in it
76561198145294530,Recommended,238090,32819305,Posted: 26 June,all,✪ kiNguu,"I do recommend this game but :You can finish the storyline in 8-10 hours .It has some bugs.The ending was dissapoiting imo.Stealth in this game is pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥compared to other games.Some things have no sense.Do not buy this game at full price. Buy it on a sale instead.Overall,it's a nice game but it could have been alot better."
76561197994475431,Recommended,238090,29699829,Posted: 4 February,all,Warnub,If you play FPS and love to play sniper this is your game.
,Recommended,238090,34082875,Posted: 7 August,all,Chinesemen,Yes
76561198051440740,Recommended,238090,23834396,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,-SD-BlooCheez,"Sniper £lite 3 is a very good game, but is not perfect.  In my opinion, Sniper Elite V2 has the better story.I have finished this game inside 5hrs, and had fun with the DLC.Cons:Invisible Walls & Barriers - I can aim at an enemy and it will hit a wall when the top of the head is on the Red Reticle.Being Seen & Shot at in a building from the outside, what I mean is....they can see you and shoot you but you can not shoot them unless you are within range or sight.Short story and not very ideal for an avid sniper game who like to shoot above 300m.....there are only 1 or 2 LONG shots you can make.**Hitler DLC was better on Sniper Elite V2**Pro'sGFX & More choice of Snipers (when you have the DLC)Exploding Testies'Multiplayer seems more stable the previous game."
76561198116575038,Recommended,238090,31552648,Posted: 4 May,all,BORNEO,"Ini game emang mantap, visual graphics yg menawan.7850 setting ultra avg 70fps.Opsi main weapons yg bisa di custom.Level bisa di custom hingga hingga terasa real.Di fitur online bisa berganti karakter dan option lobby yg lengkap.9/10👍"
,Not Recommended,238090,31477407,Posted: 30 April,all,Th'orn,"Not horrible, but not worth it either. Sniping is too easy, even in ""sniper elite"" mode (3rd difficulty level), especially if you don't turn off the aim assisting marker. The character is as boring as they come: American bad♥♥♥♥♥with a deep voice. Same a every other game. AI is dumb, as usual. Story is just not exciting.Like I said, it's not horrible but it is so predictable it just becomes boring. I had a few fun moments, once i turned off the aim assist, with a few well placed longer shots or with a couple messy all out mayhem situations but all things considered I can not recomend the game.I played the single player campaign once and that was it."
,Recommended,238090,31550423,Posted: 4 May,all,Outcast,Diden't crash for me.Also shooting people in the nuts never gets old.
,Not Recommended,238090,31480171,Posted: 30 April,all,InkNite,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME, most likey it is fun? However it crashes every 10min, and all those progress in the mission LOSS, no CHECKPOINT. ME and my friend loop the the same mission like around 8 times. Almost hit the mark of 2 hours gameplay at there.(refund policy)Just to be clear, it could be cause by window 10 update or graphic card. However unplayable is unplayable, but does not mean it not fun."
,Recommended,238090,31404186,Posted: 27 April,all,tomahawk058,I have to write this review really fast. Supper late I gotta work but damn those kruts keep running amuk!! OKAY first and formost after many returns Thank You Steam. Yes I have found the Perfect Game. Graphics Beautiful Game play outstanding. Listen dont believe the crash rumor Am using an outdated AMD 7400 and I tweaked it down and I average 15-29 FPS. The game looks awesome. NO LAG NO CRASH JUST BLAST> I have to tell you theres nothing more rewarding than a cranium exploding shot except maybe a slow motion testicle explosion. OMG its an amazing game. You'd be crazy not to buy it while its on sale..This games worth full price and more!!! Gotta run feed kids get ready for work and think about my next in game promotion. KABOOM SPLAT Non-Stop Action LOVE IT THANK YOU !!!! Better zoom in on this Am Telling you its a Direct Hit.
76561198015081356,Recommended,238090,10870674,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,shrimpy99,You get to shoot hitler in the balls for the second time. 10/10.
,Recommended,238090,34834530,Posted: 9 September,all,Halsy,There is an achievement for owning the first 3 games.
76561198005950541,Not Recommended,238090,20584260,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,lima,kill the german officer after he gets the intel
76561198130483408,Recommended,238090,33479714,Posted: 12 July,all,Drkillalots,good game but its a shame you have to buy DLC's to get some good weapons
76561197967787986,Recommended,238090,24294199,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Pitdeadite,"If you ask me....""Sniper Elite 3"" is the best of the series so far. While the previous installments stuck to Europe....this game takes place in Africa. Which means instead of traveling through war torn and narrow streets....you get to snipe targets in wide open spaces. The sniping mechanics are still reliable as ever and if you know what you are doing....you should rarely miss a shot. To make said shots....you have an entire arsenal at your disposal. Everything from rifles...sub-machine guns....pistols....to explosives. Not to mention....you can pick exactly what you what from the main menu once you've unlocked everything. For those that want more of a challenge....you can always sneak up on an unexpecting adversary and peform a stealth takedown....which will either result in a neck-breaker....or a knife to the throat. The missions are challenging but fair and if you are the type of person who likes to take their time and collect everything....then you can easily spend 2+ hours on a single level alone. The game has plenty of achievements to keep one occupied....along with DLC missions that are well worth the price of admission. Speaking of price....the game usually retails for around $49.99....but I picked up the game for the low, low price of $9.99 while it was on sale. Rebellion products are on sale often enough and you can usually expect something in the 50% - 75% off range. No matter what you spend....if you like sniper games....for now you can do no better."
76561198043295880,Not Recommended,238090,25934492,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,EhDubb,"Let me be up front, this is NOT Sniper Elite V2 + 1I do not have much time on this because I just got frustrated and gave up.This is a slightly worse Metal Gear. The levels that I saw don't have the long open areas that are good for sniping, and they mostly look like a 1940's African reimagining of the less-good Halo 4 sections. Lots of tight spaces and close-quarters fighting. I spent 70% of my time crawling around like Solid Snake, 25% hiding behind whatever cover is available because some pisshat saw my ankle for a quarter of a second and alerted every ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ within a mile radius, and the last 5% being proud of a shot I made despite it only being about a third of the range most shots in V2 were.The pre-mission briefing is gone, so you have no idea what kind of loadout you should take, though to be fair there are a bunch of weapon choices and being able to fine-tune your rifle is a nice touch.The levels aren't as linear as V2 was, which is nice in some spots. But it feels more like a sequence of tiny sandboxes separated by narrow doors and just doesn't feel as tight as V2.Never tried the multiplayer, but this just doesn't seem like the kind of game where that would work. (though to be fair I thought the same of MGSV and it turned out to be pretty cool)The tweaks and additions to the killcam are neat, especially the vehicular kills, but it just didn't seem as satisfying as V2 for some reason I just can't put my finger on.You remember that one level from V2 towards the end in that industrial sector with the Russians and Nazis duking it out? Imagine that, but everything's made of beige stone and the godrays block your vision half the time. That is the entirety of SE3 that I experienced.TL;DR : just play MGSV with a sniper rifle."
,Not Recommended,238090,13440171,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Rykuta,Its a cool sniper game with some stealth I guess.I can't change my FOV; which under normal circumstances with a third person game isn't too bad. But holy crap I'm actually getting some rediculous headaches from this titles close up cam. I had to play it in windowed mode at like 800x600 just to allow me to play it for more than 30 minutes.Someone please make a mod so I can fix this and enjoy my purchase! D:
76561198050324090,Recommended,238090,19399289,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Cotton,
76561198224447832,Not Recommended,238090,34042507,Posted: 5 August,all,DEUS VULT,fun for the first mission but then gets dull fast.
,Recommended,238090,18254544,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,D7MAS,"just some better graphics nothing more :"")"
76561198093054323,Recommended,238090,24678074,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,AH_Atomic,If you like assassinating people get this game.
,Recommended,238090,17711785,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Sultan_H,Oooh Yeah baby Action packed Sniper assassin double piercing skull pounding epicenes!!You really need to buy this game of you enjoy snipers in FPS games because this will make you go MMMMMMMMMMMM once you get a head shot.10/10 a must buy game.. Do it now.. No really buy it now!
,Not Recommended,238090,33736855,Posted: 22 July,all,BRJÁLAÐUR,"If you want to buy this prepare for an incredibly repetetive and uninteresting ride. You can really tell all of the budget for this game went into the X-Ray animations.Cons:RepetetiveFull of bugs and broken animationsSmall, Linear and bland levels, few of which provide the classic ""Sniper Elite"" experience (very few long range engagements or challenging shots)cutscenes are short, poorly animated and uninteresting, contribute very little to the story( of which there is none)Very limited arsenal, you get to choose from 4 rifles, 4 sidearms, and 3 pistols, for gear there are some mines/grenades and stuff.weapon upgrades are nonsense, for all weapon upgrades there is a tradeoff, so it's not really an upgrade.Many more things that I simply cannot muster the energy to list.Pros:The X-rays are cool I guess"
76561198146151643,Not Recommended,238090,25202600,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Multi-Skilled Engineer,Very short storyMultiplayer is unfair and almost desertedtoo many dlcs
,Recommended,238090,10864747,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Sykotika,If you like being a sniper in games then this is the game for you. What made the first 2 good has been made great in this.
,Recommended,238090,10864971,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Pay2WinScrublord,Awesome game must buy
76561198044057399,Not Recommended,238090,24644815,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Zephyr041,"""World War II Secret Agent Game""Let me start off by saying that ""Sniper"" should not even be in the title of this game. So little of what you do in this game is what a Sniper actually does, really frustrated me. I have yet to even complete the story of the game because to me it just felt so disconnected, boring and just plain BAD at times. What it really should be called is ""OSS Files"" or something of the sort, something that clues you in to be more of a Secret Agent who HAPPENS to be a really good marksman, not a US Army Sniper. I've been playing this series from the get go and time and time again I've been disappointed by it. Between the simple fact that a lot of the rifles in this game wouldn't have been used as Sniper Rifles, to the downright horrendous AI even on higher difficulties, leads me to finally write a sadly quite bad review for this game. Now. Let's dive into the Pro/Con.Pros:-Wide variety of tasty WWII-era, mostly authentic weaponry for your Nazi-killing pleasure.-Did I mention variety?-Bullet physics and the like are desperately refeshing in a gaming era dominated by CoD and Battlefield where legitmate ballistics are woefully lacking if existant at all.-The environment is very immersive and authentic, right down to the vehicles.Cons:-Remember that variety I mentioned? Yeah. You have to pay for a lot of it.-The AI ranges from laughably stupid to mind-numbingly difficult.-Remember those physics I was talking about? Yeah. They only work sometimes.-""Remote detonated TNT"" that you shoot to set off. (Don't even get me started with the physics of this one)-The lack of any GENUINE sniping got old after the first two or three hours.-No seriously. You BARELY snipe anyone in this game. 100-300 meters does not constitute sniping. I regularly make shots inside that distance with my Iron-sighted rifle at the gun range.-Did I mention stupid AI?-I could go on. No really. I could.Bottom line is, the game can be really, really enjoyable. It also can be the bane of your existance and WILL drive you absolutely insane with how bad some of the story can be. Honestly a very fun game, with sadly tons and tons of unrealized potential, that the game reminds me of every single time I boot it up."
,Recommended,238090,25840063,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,☆KTKTTPod01☆,Can shoot Hitler's nuts with potato laptop in 30+fps 11/10
,Not Recommended,238090,10957787,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Rusty.,"Not worth the asking price, relatively short game (8 missions?!) I expected twice as much or more.  Weapons customization is a neat feature but nothing spectacular to be honest, maps are VERY open which is a plus multiple ways to get round enemies hell you can go through missions without being seen or killing unless instructed too.  The ""bullet time"" effect is still there and worth watching when you put out a long range shot into someone's testicles.AI is just as garbage as it was in previous versions wasn't improved on at all.  The stealth takedowns are pretty poor, a neck snap and a few knife stabs to throat.  It's not a improvement on v2 that's for sure, v2.5 if that.  I'd just wait till the price goes down till you buy it."
,Not Recommended,238090,26589992,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,sasa.genius,"Played it on XBOX now on PC for couple of hours... Not recomened because of the level Kasserine Pass because if you play it even a little bit different then ""great"" developers thought you should you can't finish it (even when you eliminate everybody) because of some idotic bug.I'm realy sorry that I've paid for it, didn't play it for a while then I discovered this idiotic bug... played it 3 times and it cant end... I want my money back, but I've played more then I can to get a refund.In short don't buy this game, unless you want to leave it half finished.I wont even go to AI because its really bad for the game I've paid this much.Avoid this developer if you can... and you can its your money :)"
,Recommended,238090,23827568,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,MojoNexus,Yes
76561198128936142,Not Recommended,238090,11486263,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,gaming.mod.members,BUY AT YOUR OWN RISK this game sucks!
,Not Recommended,238090,33526039,Posted: 13 July,all,beees,"LITERALLY AWFUL.Not sure how the reviews are so good for this game. For a game called sniper elite it's all short and medium range engagements... Explain that? The movement is terrible. The third person camera is terrible.  The ballistics are NOT realistic (even playing on difficulties where they claim to be?), bullet drop at like 15 meters, lmao. Clearly developed for console, sensitivity is a slider and with separate x/y sliders you have to eyeball to try to get them even.Most importantly, it's not fun.First game I've ever refunded"
,Recommended,238090,11013378,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,"Ricey, Professional 70's Pimp",You can see your bullet going through a Nazi's testicles. What more do you need?
,Recommended,238090,10919360,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Z61,"Welcome to Sniper Elite 3, or as it should be called Sniper Elite Early Access 3. This game is a step up from V2 in some ways, while in others it lacks greatly. For instance, this game contains many glitches that were not present in V2. One such glitch launches you across the map upon being revived by your partner. As it stands, the game is fun, but broken. Would I recommend the game? Yes, with caution."
76561198261946200,Not Recommended,238090,31447984,Posted: 29 April,all,dom12villalobos,crashed my computer
76561198071642780,Recommended,238090,10866839,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Nickolas the clown,♥♥♥♥ing fantastic.Everything on the game feels very well done and polished campaign maps are big and give you the chance to explore.Full review coming soon
,Recommended,238090,14384380,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,8th | MaquilingskiSwifty,"More bright than Sniper Elite V2, cuz V2 is so depressing,"
,Recommended,238090,26456857,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,__,Very Good Game :D
,Not Recommended,238090,30172626,Posted: 25 February,all,[OpK] Sagittarius,"Gameplay-wise, the game looks nice... From what I could see. It crashes whenever I try to jump, making it unplayable. A real shame."
,Recommended,238090,23577026,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,hentai_priest,Too fun! Too short.
,Not Recommended,238090,11141068,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,iamninjoe,"I LOVE THE GRAPHICS. Don't get me wrong when I say I don't recommend this game. It's just that it's not fun anymore when you see that much blood and gore in a headshot. Once, a dude's head literally exploded from one bullet I inserted into his skull. That's just too much for me. If you ask me, Sniper Elite V2 was a WHOLE lot better in toning down the gore. When you get a pristine headshot, the guy actually looks like a model in one of those medical books with the veins, bones, and everything! That not only crosses the line, but completely destroys it into the Uncanny Valley. It's SO deep in the Uncanny Valley, it would make the Kola Superdeep Borehole look like a pinhole."
,Recommended,238090,33622176,Posted: 17 July,all,HipaHipa,"I love this game the graphic is good, the bullet physic is good if you like stealth and shot or stab this game is really for you.."
76561198118643124,Recommended,238090,10879662,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Gunrangejohn,cracken
,Not Recommended,238090,18258871,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Left nut,"brought this game for $50, multiplayer sucked balls and single player was short. now it's $10? GG"
76561198077775955,Recommended,238090,10915902,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,AkiaIsAMonkey,One of the best games out on steam. Definitly a must but game. AWESOME!!!!
76561198047915166,Not Recommended,238090,25940998,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Netatsake,"When the game tells you you're dealing with German soldiers for a mission, and everything in the camp is written in German, but the soldiers are all africans speaking Italian."
,Recommended,238090,23813744,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Der Kanadian,"AMAZING GAME! BUY WHILE YOU CAN FOR $10.99!Normally placed at a very, very, hefty sum of $50(I think), this game is easily worth that $50. Now, imagine, if it's worth it for $50, ISN'T IT WORTH FOR $10!?!Hell yeah; don't even compare this to other games of similiar genre, as this game beats them all.Even though it's little tricky, it's better than your average tac-fps.TL;DR: It's a no brainer, go for it."
76561198136665604,Recommended,238090,20202402,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,RumRunner,"A unique gamming experience for the WW2 buffs among us.  Sniper Elite 3 has improved upon the previous games in terms of visuals and gameplay.  The ability to shoot without sound cover and rellocate has fundamentally enhanced the game.  At times the visuals can be very cinematic.  As with every game, this one is not without its faults.  Gameplay can become alittle mechanical in feel (shoot, relocate, shoot, relocate) as well as the repetitive kill cam which is intriquing  at first but became overplayed.  If I could change one thing about this game it would be the addition of more story. Missions are not very plot driven.  It feels less like a WW2 sniper adventure and more like being dropped into a map with a checklist.  All defaults aside this is still a great game worthy of a playthrough.  The Afrika Korp backdrop is well executed.  I feel that Sniper Elite 3 is a fair improvement from its predecessors and a great foundation to continue to expand the genre."
,Recommended,238090,20078392,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Epsidufus | Arma3 Dynamic stuff,"Okay so long story short, this game is ♥♥♥♥in amazing. Sure, some things are kind of funky, it is a third person controlled game afterall. But I'll get more into that.Started at 11:30pm. Joined a multiplayer match, not even having touched the gameplay before. Bro came into my room at 12:30pm and said ""dude its 12:30, go to bed"". It felt like 10 minutes. There wasn't even any voice chat going. Just the intensity and your heart racing in real life and in game as you line up a shot.You spawn. You creep your way to a window that is in a shadow, and you peer out carefully, pulling up your binoculars and scanning the landscape, focusing in on distant points as closer things become blurry because your eyes aren't focusing on it. Everything seems clear, so you climb out the window swiftly and go into a sprint to get to the next shadow. As you hit the side of the building, you are panting heavily, and your heart is racing at 93bmp, making it hard to hear your surroundings. As you catch your breath, you pull out your binoculars again and scan the landscape again. Out the corner of the circlular binoculars, you see a blimpse of movement. You quickly switch back to your scoped M1 Garand and focus in on the air. In the real world your heart is beating faster, and you're focusing more and more on that spot, waiting for your unsuspecting prey to poke their head out. Then you hear a gunshot and a split second later you are falling over, dead.In this time frame about 2 minutes have passed, and it was the most intense, realistically worrying experience you've felt ever playing a video game.Singleplayer is just a ton of fun, using broken generators and artillary barages and planes flying overhead in order to mask your sniper rifle's firing so that the German Afrika Corps soldiers don't realize you're there. Having to figure out the puzzle of who to shoot first and at what point on their patrol so that their buddies don't see the body but also masking the sound of your shot and firing from a position where you aren't visible to enemies. Setting up an ambush with Dynamite and blowing it up to cause mass confusion and win the section of that mission.Oh, I almost forgot, I spent 3 of these hours on the first mission ALONE. Let alone the countless others to come.A game has never made my heart race this hard, or keep me entralled in heart startling multiplayer.I give it a total of 9.5/10, because third person moving is a painnnnnn in the♥♥♥♥♥ I often find myself using my iron sights to walk through some spots because its like using first person controls"
,Recommended,238090,20554116,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Twitch.tv/heikmeister,Ignore the negative reviews Try it yourself it is awesome :D aIm loving it
76561198093127053,Recommended,238090,18306188,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Secundus,Game crashes with every explosion.11/10 would explode again.
76561198017598656,Recommended,238090,22814858,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,koltre,Bardzo fajna gra
76561198057526849,Recommended,238090,23804701,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Pwn_L33t,Great game! Online Co-Op is a blast!
76561198269656152,Not Recommended,238090,31771494,Posted: 15 May,all,Miloz,i cant even play again it often to be stop working on my window 10
76561198007145952,Recommended,238090,20482866,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Arcterran,"The best way I can describe this is like so. It's a stealth game where you are expected to make lots and lots of noise.The GoodCustomizable Difficuty/Realism: I played this on ""Custom"" difficulty with Realistic bullet physics, No Tactical assistance (Tagging, Alert meters, ect) and it was a tense, but fun experience!However for those who just want to Quckscope Nazis in the crotch, you are more than welcome to turn the bullet physics to simple and have at it! Or if you like the idea but are not confident in your aim/infiltration abilities, turn on tactical assistance and it will help you out with things like a red diamond that shows where your bullet will land, radar (which also marks your last known location), tagging, and a whole slew of assistive UI elements.Sniping: The game actually encourages a rather realistic approach to sniping. It's not about how long of a kill you can make (though long kills are an achievement of itself, with the realistic physics at least), but rather how can you make the best of a position? It encourages you to constantly relocate as rifles are loud and the bad guys will know where you are shooting from, or take advantage and dig in with traps (LOTS OF TRAPS!). However despite the only suppressed weapon you have, quite honestly sucks (except at it's designated role, but we'll get there), you still can muffle your shots with ambient sounds like planes flying overhead, loudspeakers, broken/loud machenery, ect. So you still can, theoretically pull off a ""no detection run"" it's just very difficult as it's often safe to assume you'll get into a firefight.Traps: Speaking of, you actually have quite a few of these! Ranging from trip mines that are great for covering narrow passages, S-mines for dealing with infantry clusters, landmines for Tanks, and even dynamite! However, the most effective one I've found was flint and steel, it's a good distraction AND after about twenty seconds, it detonates any explosives in a short radius around it!X-Ray Cam: Basically Mortal Kombat 9's X-Ray attack, onlly it happens when you make a good shot (At least on minimal, I find it triggers too much on the normal setting). Also cool is that it works on vehicles!Your Equipment: Interestingly enough your equipment (Aside from your rifle and it's customizations) are NOT there to help make ""mile long shots"". Instead it's there to cover your bases, with the aformentioned traps, or your sidearms (SMG's that help you in a pinch, your trusty Welrod that sucks as a combat pistol but is AMAZING at preventing the bad guys from raising the alarm since it is suppressed, or combat pistols which help you fight them off), to things like rocks (distraction), AP Ammo (allows your bullets to easily sail through the armored grills of vehicles), and medkits.Environments/ Level design: Not only did Rebellion make North Africa very pretty, they also made the levels reasonably open, allowing you to get into positions and make some incredible shots. It also takes the ""Goldeneye"" philosophy of level design where you have a clear primary objective, but also several secondary objectives you can complete if you wish.A few other minor, but cool details:-You can get clues on making the mission easier/future objectives if you observe and listen into enemy converstaions-The Rifle range I found was a very nice tool for breaking in rifles, it even lets you try the DLC weapons (Though you don't really need them)-The guys at Rebellion REALLY did their homework here! I want to meet their research team and swap notes.Some Caveats:THIS IS NOT A GAME FOR PACIFIST RUNS!In fact there are no non-lethal means of disposing of the Nazis/Itallians. Most levels I find I kill around 90% of all the bad guysThere's no button to swap shoulders in this THIRD PERSON SHOOTERYes the AI can be stupid: Granted on the highest difficulty they were competent when fighting, but they suffer from ""Loss of sight"" amnesia when you vacate the area without them seeing you, and they resume their patrols, despite the piles of dead bodies you just created.Some checkpoints suck: In my experience, only two of them were really bad.However you can get around it by saving afterwards and the game will pick up from there (unless  you are playing in ""sniper elite"" mode, which is all the difficulties up/real ballistics/ no tactical assistance AND NO SAVING/CHECKPOINTS!)The story is nothing too special: despite them doing pretty solid research into the Wonder Weapon**Yes it did exist and it is rumored that only one part was finished and used as a part in Hitler's ""Atlantic Wall"", or for those who don't know, the northern costal defenses in Europe that the Nazis built to prevent an invasion from Great Britain, we all know the story how that turned out."
,Not Recommended,238090,11141793,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Licenser,"Utterly disapointing, in most situations a normal weapon would do a much better job since everything > 100m distance is blocked with invisible walls :/. The only point it makes is showcasing why long range weapons don't work well on close distances..."
76561197981695459,Not Recommended,238090,11495140,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,10538,I gave up on this game when on several occasions I was moving a body and could not drop/throw it without stepping out in the open. Since what you usually want to do is hide a body out of sight I cannot understand the logic that prevents you from doing this. I don't recall having this problem with SE2 at all. In SE3 I've been killed a couple of times because I'm a sitting/standing duck with a corpse over my shoulder!
76561197970365748,Not Recommended,238090,11002454,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Setekh,"Horrible, compared to the first Sniper Elite."
76561198193097037,Recommended,238090,20698012,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,mikethe8ike,"I bought this as i love playing the role of the lone sniper, something i did successfully with Wolfenstein.What this game offers is a dedicated role as a sniper with varying degrees of realism with fantastic levels interesting missions and a good storylineIf you are into games where you have to think and setup your attacks and want an immersive and very challenging experience then i would recommend SE3The game play is very rewarding and it has to be said downright frustrating at times depending on the level of realism you have selected the loadout (weapon selection & customisation) takes some setting up but once you have sorted that you can settle down and enjoy ! the setting up of a shot is very rewarding indeed waiting for the target then achieving the mission is all the stuff of latent schoolboy fantasies i thouroughly enjoyed this game im now gonna do SE V2 as i just love the whole silent killer very rewarding (years of playing Thief haha) . . . for a greater challenge there is the multiplayer which is again equal in its rewards and frustrations !!"
76561198163161306,Recommended,238090,25942352,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Vyp3x,The 4th is coming out.But this is also fun.killing is fun sniping is fun.pistol isnt fun.rocket launcher are fun grenades arent fun.
,Recommended,238090,33067024,Posted: 30 June,all,naegin,o dois é melhor
,Recommended,238090,33317710,Posted: 6 July,all,PuncaKe154,"I've bought it for £4.59, the best way to spend your £4.59"
,Recommended,238090,11694071,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Spexxkri Shwrapcheff,loveing it 10/10
,Not Recommended,238090,30247194,Posted: 28 February,all,Bleidd,Crushing all day long.
76561197962881831,Recommended,238090,10887616,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,=ShoX= Draxthos,Great game. Enjoying it so far.
76561198139867538,Recommended,238090,23458502,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,tralfaz,"Ejoyed the campaigns, but I really like the multiplayer sessions.   Multiplayer is a bit of a steep learning curve, but worth it.Good selection of firearms from the period."
76561198012833532,Recommended,238090,23452370,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Awesomo 2000,"Far better than previous game in the series. Xrays of bullet penetrations are still here and more brutal than ever, the main reason why it is so great is that the levels are really big, creating different paths and approach towards your objectives. You can find your own way of fulfilling them. I didnt just flew through the game, but it was a real challenge, whcih provided 16 solid hours of gameplay through all levels. Using mines, traps and other useful accesories spice up the gameplay real nice too."
,Recommended,238090,23520172,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,The Bird That Could...™☭,Good game love it but cant open it anymore i dont think it supports windows 10 anyway i do find it entertaining hitting testicle shots! :D recommended on windows 8 and 7 and 8.1 but dont bby on windows 10 or it wont work 8 out of 10
76561198042934026,Not Recommended,238090,11119071,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Gaz,"Sniper Elite 3 has provided several new aspects to the Sniper Elite trilogy, making it an excellent sequel, including features such as...- A new ""sandbox"" type  feel to the game that its predecessors had lacked.- A change of scenery from the typical WW2 shooters taking place in Europe and the Pacific.- A clever (yet primitive) relocation system after every shot.- An awesome class customization system.- Missions that can take up to 2 hours to complete if you attempt to do everything in the game you can.- The multiplayer is still very entertaining, but I would like to warn potential buyers that there are usually only around 13 servers capable of holding 12 players each in session.The Sniper Elite series i have come to enjoy greatly, and SE3 has and continues to provide me with numerous hours of enjoyment, however I simplyCAN NOT RECOMMENDSniper Elite 3 simply because I am extremely disappointed that the gameWAS RELEASED ALONGSIDE $25 WORTH OF DOWNLOADABLE CONTENT.Although the content is basically only aesthetic (in my opinion, the DLC weapons provide little change in gameplay) it still makes me furious. This is content that could have been included into standalone game!TL;DR - Sniper Elite 3 is an excellent sequel to Sniper Elite V2 and provides several new features that make the game more enjoyable than the last,HOWEVER I CAN NOT AND WILL NOT RECOMMEND ITsimply to reflect my disappointment that the game was realeased with $25 worth of downloadable content. Beware that there are only roughly 100 people playing multiplayer at a time."
76561198126560187,Not Recommended,238090,30240674,Posted: 28 February,all,Hwee89,The game can't even launch in win10
76561198238700340,Not Recommended,238090,19327718,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,SnackBar47,AI is bad
76561198128200578,Recommended,238090,18931957,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Owl,Crouching walking for 2 hours. 10/10 would do it more.
,Recommended,238090,25899814,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Purraxxus,game is guud
76561198160930860,Recommended,238090,18379391,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,johnzolo,สนุกมากเลย
,Recommended,238090,25252923,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,floofles,am i elite now mummy
,Recommended,238090,25030835,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,ResidentBilly,"Absolutely loved this game. Graphics are awesome! Being a Sniper is awesome! Fighting Nazis is awesome! Shooting off testicles is awesome! There's just so much awesome, it's freaking awesome!"
,Recommended,238090,11088309,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Desperado,"Pros:+grafics+stealth+fun+world war II+open ended maps+really long playtime+killing nazis+high replayability+metal gearCons:-dlc guns and skins-grafics kill low performance peecees-dumb exaggerated ballistics (avoidable)-minimum lethality playthroughs exceedingly difficult if not impossible-no swastikas because they are offensive to yuropoors-bullet proof leaves and tents and wood-LIQUIIIIIIIIIIIIDDDDOverall:You kill Hitler again/10, buy it"
76561198064093999,Recommended,238090,14382766,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,John Winchester,Shot a guy from far away. Saw him die. 10/10
76561198264437949,Recommended,238090,20247714,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,🎌Pandae-🎌,Best Game
,Not Recommended,238090,13442045,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Onyx,♥♥♥♥
76561197970612498,Recommended,238090,12815469,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Vanwilder,Fun Multiplayer for people who like to prey like animals. 10/10
76561198055396510,Not Recommended,238090,30260257,Posted: 1 March,all,Gerald from IT Service,Boring
,Not Recommended,238090,29003915,Posted: 4 January,all,i dislike white people lol xd,"From memory, I think it was pretty♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,238090,28549047,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Copet,Bought this to play with my bro. A couple hours in I found out that there are no X-Ray kill cams for co-op... so literally I will never know if my bro did something cool. It's very much like playing single player even when playing with a buddy. Very disappointing design choice.
76561197972772409,Not Recommended,238090,25114972,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,madian,"Really good, fun, interesting game that lasts about 5 minutes, single player mode is a joke.  Only buy this game if you have no spare time on your hands because you wont need anytime to complete it!!"
,Not Recommended,238090,22701050,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Solid Snake,THE MOUSE ACCELERATION IN THIS GAME RUINED IT>WTF ARE YOU DOING? this game was fine when it came out then these ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s started putting pop up ads for there games in the startup of this game. it even opens a steam window. and guess what i already bought those games and it says purchased but still pops up. Since then the dummys decided to update and breack the mouse settings for both Sniper elite V3 and sniper elite 3. Both have pop up ads now and a consol worthy update that compledly broke the mouse in a sniping game. it has mouse accelration turned on automatically. you cant even navigate the main menus now what a waste. I used to love these games now coming back to play them and they are ruined. i am uninstalling them both now because i cant even navigate the menu to start multiplayer. on either game.
76561197999525984,Not Recommended,238090,23894304,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,MassiveEffectz,"So I picked this game up durring the steam summer sale, thinking it would be a nice expierence.It was... but not for the hefty real price tag.The game itself barely has any content right from the start. From missions to guns, there was very little. It seemed to be buy dlc to use this gun type of game. It seemed that the game was aimed for multiplayer.Second issue, clipping. Usually you think you can fire over cover? Wrong. Most cover was broken in the way that the hitbox was larger than your crouch profile; which ended up fluffing your shots. In this game firing alerts enemys to your position so It is frustrating seeing your shot magicaly not happen and you pressing down the trigger agian thinking it just ""missed"".Third issue, ""Sniper Elite"". You'd think this game was about sniping, from doing cool trick shots or raining death from afar. You are wrong. Most of the game play is geared towards ""stealth"". Which means you rarely get to fire your sniper. Firing your gun, ANYWHERE, even if there are no enemies around alerts everyone on the map. Utilizing the system of sound masking, gives you an average of 1 shot per minute, unless you find a generator in a good position which is not common. If you break stealth, depening on the difficulty, all the enemies will come alive and chase you down.Fourth Issue, movement. Sprinting in this game is completly redudant. Normal walking is basicly sprinting without holding shift. Because of this enemies will notice you from afar if you just stand up. This leads to the ENTIRE game of playing CROUCH MAN. Which is completly irratating due to the fact it is slower than a slug. There is no sprint crouch like in MGSV.In the end I rate this game a 6/10. It has a decent engine, mechanics but lacking in content and riddled with bugs and poor in-game player optimization."
76561198111066690,Recommended,238090,11992423,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,👌OK👌,"Positives:Testicle shots on the X-Ray cam is so satisfying to say the least.The sound each shot makes as it passes through different areas of the human body is amazing.German Voices sound funny as always.Negative(s):Miss the Russians from Sniper Elite 2 :(This game is great in terms of a games that you can keep going back for more!. The Levels are quite long so it keeps you going for a while. Its more about sniping than gun fights with automatic rifles, you can run and gun as they say if you really want to. The new landscapes and envirnments are a new strange feel from the tight, small streets of Berlin. SE3 also alows you to pick your own path, instead of following that red arrow like in SE2 V2.Although, there are a few things that Rebellion need to work on for their next game and that would be:1. please put more levels in.2.put more wepons in the game for the price we payed for the game.3. allow costum change in campaign4. customisation of all guns8/10"
,Recommended,238090,18293283,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,keennny,EVERYSHOTS IS TESTICLES SHOT
,Not Recommended,238090,24400975,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Urall,"Characters and objects don't load in from a distance (pretty significant issue in a sniping game...), and you'll be spending an inordinate amount of time waiting for something to mask the sound of your shots."
76561198215857892,Recommended,238090,33016974,Posted: 29 June,all,Pure Gold,Great game!!
,Recommended,238090,20072017,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,MortAss,"im the wrong person to write a review, because the Sniper elite series is an absolute favorite. bulletcam is love!! never getting tired of it. a lot harder than V2 your action sniping isn't as forgiving as in V2 and a lot more challangeing.one of a few games i will play til the end, and probably more.just have to say multiplayer is not up my ally. i mean camping in normal game yeh might be fun, but when everyone does it?! nah not that fun. and quite a lot of noting happening"
,Not Recommended,238090,15391937,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Ritsuka,"I regret buying this game even on sale. The whole X-ray cam on snipe hit is awesome, but it gets old fast.  The rest of the game is like an advanced version of whack a mole. Enemy pops up, shoot, move to next position, repeat untill next objective, do that for the next couple hours and the game is over.Enemies patrol faster then you can really set up a viable trap, if you try to trigger them to go through it by alarming them they rarely go very far from their patrol pattern so your lucky if you can get a kill that way. If you play on hardest difficulty, you will find it isn't a challenge, but more of a guessing game where your bullets will go, as the game gives no clue where the drift will be, a guess to how far the enemy is, and finding where a missed bullet even went can be tricky.On top of all this, the game is designed focusing on stealth and tactics, but you will find there is not only no motivation in a lot of parts to be stealthy, it is actually easier just to run in guns blazing, and there is no reprecussions to that as the game has absolutely no reward for being stealthy, other then to add hours onto game play of watching your guy crawl through areas of the map."
76561198151721025,Recommended,238090,21063179,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,LeRJ,"The hate this game gets is totally unwarranted. Its worth every penny of the 9.99$ price tag. If you want to feel like a lone lethal sniper deep in enemy territory filled with imersive slow motion x-ray sniper rounds being burried into enemies then theres no other game that can deliever what Sniper Elite 3 can. Campaign, and Multiplayer, not to mention co-op with free DLC.... How could you possibly hate on this game? Im 6 hours in, and I havent finished the campaign yet. Satsfied purchase!"
,Recommended,238090,19585286,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Omni™,Sneaky... SNEAKY!!!
76561198143501037,Recommended,238090,20302721,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Runertje550,You spend80% Crouch walking20% Looking at the bullet cam10/10 best money spend in my life
,Recommended,238090,20517405,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,GG,"Sniper Elite 3 is a satisfying combination of stealth that's not irritating and sharpshooting that's not impossibly difficult, alongside interesting missions/maps. I'll admit, I passed over this one a few times because of the pedestrian-sounding name. ""It does what it says on the tin."" It is, however, a gorgeous, well-crafted game on par with Wolfenstein, with added history and realism, and without the monsters.Only two issues: First, Sniper Elite 3 needs more missions (so did v2). We want to play more, we'd happily pay for more DLC, but there is no more. Second, the co-op system could be more robust. Most nights, we can play through a mission with zero problems. Other nights, we'd get 90% through and boom, our game would end because one of us ""disconnected"" (not really--we were chatting in Mumble the whole time). What followed was a game that often could not be resumed, and much swearing. That said, co-op mode is still the killer feature for us. Great 2-player fun.If you have a friend, and you both have similar levels of patience (or impatience), add this one to your wishlist or cart right now. It runs great in both Windows 10 and Windows 7 for us."
,Recommended,238090,20620539,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,nik,"This review is ENTIRELY based on CO-op play only!The game is Good- You cannot play it like an action game, take it slow and easy- The game is edged towards sniper shooting therefore, only the sniper gets all the love for customizations- Don't look for realism, it's not meant to be so- Only 8 Missions = Almost 3 hrs or so per mission, DLC's add more- Play co-op, a lot more fun.What's not to like:-- The game is not really well designed for Co-op, if one player dies, the game will start from Last check point, there is no drop in and drop off in the game, also if by chance anyone disconnects, you cannot save the game, but WILL have to play ALL the way from the START. This SUX when you've finished everything but the last objective after a 3 hr mission level.- It is not Assassin's creed, it is not a close quarters stealth game BUT appears to be. The game actually deviates from previous Sniper Elite games in this regard as more often than not, you'll actually be taking enemies down with your silenced pistol close up.- Close quarters is clunky, use silenced pistol instead as NOT ALL situations lend to taking silent take-downs, this is by design and incredibly silly as it's not intuitive.- One shot from the sniper gun and the ENTIRE base is almost on you.- Far too much emphasis on Sniper gun only, everything and the kitchen sink is thrown into it, other guns' accuracy and damage is purposely kept lower.- Far too much emphasis on Headshots to take down, seriously! Come on. Give extra XP for it, Don't make a player shoot twice just cause he hit at the torso.- Every mission becomes tediously long of about 3 hrs if you play it slow and hidden in the game."
,Recommended,238090,20728683,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,UnKnown,Kill & Kill - Run & Hide ^^
,Recommended,238090,20847604,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,ProMed1,Great Game for Sniper on a 1 vs 1 map
76561198145687376,Recommended,238090,21063102,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,The Lone Wolf,Good game
76561197983809594,Not Recommended,238090,20001830,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Dunkissimo (offline til December,"PLayed the game for about 10 minutes on hard difficulty.Super dramatic introduction that places you in the middle of action? Check.Natural shake on scope? Check.Wind factor influencing projectile direction? Check.Interesting heart beat mechanic influencing scope steadiness based on stress? Check.Everything great so far, except:HUGE♥♥♥♥♥MARKER ON EVERY ENEMY'S  HEAD, ON EVERY OBJECTIVE, BOTH IN VIEW AND ON MINIMAP? F***** CHECKWhat's the point of making a stealthy sniper game if you mark every enemy with a big ""LOOK HERE'S OVER HERE!"" symbol that you cannot disable in options? Really? Where's the challenge? Why does my character bother to carry binoculars when he is a telepathic wizard who knows where all his foes are hiding?I instantly dropped the game and uninstalled it. Buyer's remorse.Now, Project I.G.I... now THERE'S a proper sniper game. That old grandfather of sniper games released in 2000 is still far more immersive than this♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,238090,20307627,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Malcolm-X,"It is a very very successful game, pulls you fully into the mood of a rifle sniper. But I'd expect Sniper Elite difficulty to be more realistic."
76561198017622321,Recommended,238090,20532095,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,im junger,xrayyyy
,Recommended,238090,19921532,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Zane,yes get to kill nazis and italiens
,Recommended,238090,20206724,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,PlazmaTaquito,I've now learned basic anatomy.
76561198023224813,Recommended,238090,21807561,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,d0ubleg,"Sniper Elite 3 is a fun casual sniper game.  I'm giving it a thumbs up because by itself its an alright game.  However that said, I'd like to point out that in my opinion this game is a step back from Sniper Elite v2.  Here's how the two compare in my opinion:Improvements:- less linear maps- improved graphics- more customizable weaponsCons:- Empty lung ability now shows where to aim to adjust for gravity and wind (even on the hardest difficulty).  Sniper Elite v2 is incredibly fun when you get dialed in to a rifle and pull of numerous long range consecutive headshots.  You'll do that in SE3 as well, but it'll be so easy you won't even notice.- The new detection mechanics are broken. While SEv2's were admittedly pretty simple SE3's is just to wonky to ignore.  Get caught in your sniping nest?  No worries, walk 50 meters away, then walk back and the Nazis will forget all about where you've been picking them off from for the past 10 minutes.- Poor clipping on cover.  It's always annoying when you shoot the barrier in front of you when your scope shows a clear shot, but this is especially bad in SE3 where the detection mechanism penalizes you for every shot.- Poor checkpoint system.  Sometimes it saves after objectives, sometimes it saves when you're sitting in a bush, and sometimes it doesn't save at all."
,Recommended,238090,21058972,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Herbalist,decent game decent price
,Recommended,238090,21178653,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Molotov Cocktail,"Being a fan of all things sniper related and also liking a realistic experience in games, I decided to try Sniper Elite 3. It's a very detailed and well made Sniper Simulator (Only on a high difficulty thought). The physics and ballistics are very good and realistic and the AI is actually too bad. For anyone who likes perching on a hill overlooking a nazi camp for hours on end occasionaly shooting people in the head from 300m away after spending the last 5 minutes getting the aim of your scope right ... this game is made for you."
,Recommended,238090,21823854,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,deanxvii,This game is great if you're someone like me who loves to be as sneeky as possible and try to get the best sniper shots possible. Some can argue that this game gets boring and all I can say is it depends on the person. Personally I wasn't bored. Would I recommend for $50? No. This game should be atleast $30. Currently it's 3/13/16 and the game is on sale for $9.99. For this price I totally reccomend! Sniper Elite 4 is coming out soon and the setting is in Italy while Sniper Elite 3 takes place in Africa. SN4 might be the same but i'll still buy non the less due to loving these type of games.TL;DR:Game is good. Great on sale.
,Recommended,238090,21094307,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Fossil,"This is an awesome game , if you are new to this series i suggest you play the campaign missions before you play on mp , reason's are so you get used to the game ,controls and get up-grades for your weapons, then go into mp and play with real people , this is sooooo much fun . In short get the game , go now , NOW I SAID ."
76561197993209354,Recommended,238090,20748041,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,xX_Lee1987_Xx,"This game is good for those that want to play a game thats pretty much like splinter cell but set during a WW2 Period, and also for those that like to do sniping too, its a great game to play, and alot of replayability to complete missions etc and also has fantastic multiplayer and co-operative missions!."
76561197974563813,Not Recommended,238090,29985265,Posted: 17 February,all,HugMyPig,the game dont work on windows 10....crashing all the time....dont buy it
,Recommended,238090,25897479,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Cornholio,"A Short History mode, but really cool, and you DO need to think as a sniper if you want to play this game... So much so, that when I play CS GO and I see a camper, I tell him to come play this game. xD"
76561198073605178,Not Recommended,238090,30005223,Posted: 18 February,all,[418]Yossarian,"Would be fun if it weren't for the crashes. Random crashes, checkpoint advance crashes, crashes while saving your game. And I think it used to be better in that regard."
76561198295350204,Recommended,238090,29950385,Posted: 15 February,all,PeterJohnLee,nice game! love it :)
,Recommended,238090,33338660,Posted: 7 July,all,ヒサム,is good but multiplayer is empty room
,Recommended,238090,33267025,Posted: 5 July,all,Gryla the Immortal,"The game isn't bad, but the amount of DLCs to buy in order to use certain weapons is an unfortunate side of it."
,Recommended,238090,30303180,Posted: 3 March,all,starwarsman78,"I was sniped by a man named ****Snipers. I asked him to explain his hypocrisy. So he said ""He who snipes snipers, runs the risk of becoming a sniper himself. If you gaze into the scope, the scope gazes back"".Did not expect this level of philosophy in a video game."
,Recommended,238090,17525648,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,{GsG}Vinman,its a awsome game great graphics and freedom to rome
76561198268032305,Not Recommended,238090,31153660,Posted: 15 April,all,Mwa43,This is the most shity game you'll ever seen a lot of lags a lot of crashes
,Recommended,238090,33712423,Posted: 21 July,all,Scuba Ghost,So Good
,Recommended,238090,33817455,Posted: 26 July,all,✪ EZskinless,good
76561198055154978,Not Recommended,238090,14356451,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Laughing Man,"I really wanted to like this game.  I played V2 through 3 times on the PS3, bought the zombies army 2 game for PC and played through solo and with a buddy, all of which was fun fun fun.Sadly, this new incarnation is a real let down for me.  It just feels so lazily thrown together, it's lacking any atmosphere, there's no tension at all and it's SO SO SO very easy.  Even on the hardest settings it's a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ and offers little to no satisfaction for any effort you put in.A highly uninspiring game that feels like Rebellion just copped out and cashed in on the popularity of previous titles.  Such a shame.  As a fan of the franchise I'm frankly gutted.The so many DLC guns which add nothing of any importance, make no differnce to gameplay, and apears to be shameless profiteering.  I'm baffled as to how so many people are recommending this, it's really below par.Just a quick edit to clarify something to those who think a 200m shot is some kind of achievment with a sniper rifle...  Standard military engagement training with a standard rifle is 300m, but can achieve acuracy up to 800m with marksman sights.  M16A2 and an M1 Garand can both be fired accurately up to 500m.  Engagement distances of rifles haven't changed much at all since WW1... Though modern 'sniping' is done mostly at closer ranges due to visibility (or lack thereof), for a game going by the name 'sniper elite' I really wanted to see the opportunity for shots at over 800m.  The all new amazing awesome open maps, however... fail to present such options.3.5/10"
76561198004006208,Recommended,238090,33575716,Posted: 15 July,all,GaiaHero,The best Sniper Game ever made
,Recommended,238090,19951143,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,JmJay,i like to play it
76561198117338896,Recommended,238090,28402866,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Alpharius,it gud
,Recommended,238090,19951085,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,hkc \\\,dedicated server for  Mutliplayer  !!!!Lot's of servers !!!!!beautiful graphic  and great gameplay !!A Must-have
76561198094355519,Recommended,238090,21101436,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Jeochanan,"Now don't get me wrong. I'm not the type of guy that is in to First Person Shooters and stuff. But this game is actually really good. Your options are ellaborate and some sneaking situations make the sweat run down my back. One glimpse, and you're dead... Great game, easy to play."
,Recommended,238090,18267313,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,oof,+1
,Recommended,238090,18284273,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,✖ Jerry,Shot a German Soldier in the♥♥♥♥♥♥ 10/10
,Recommended,238090,18377826,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Dหลายๆเท่า,Good Game
76561198062205126,Recommended,238090,16820238,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,The endangered amazonian turtle,Watched a nazi's balls explode. 11/10ps. that must hurt like♥♥♥♥♥♥pps. thats my fetish
76561198077890948,Recommended,238090,28740453,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Ninja,borught the game because I like to shoot the genitals
76561198036250838,Recommended,238090,18435043,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,ruud316,"Great game. Goes from the simple nice graphics blastathon of SEV2 to having to be more like a real sniper, I like the fact you have to move postition to stop becomming comprimised by staying in one place and blasting away like SEV2. Still has the awesome bullet cam, which I recommend to have on reduced mode, then only really satisfying shots go bullet cam. Has great graphics and game play, it's fun to replay levels to get better shots. A little short, took me 9 hrs in total but well worth the £19 I paid for it in a sale. Not sure it's worth £39.99, but then I don' think any game is worth that, always wait for a sale if you can!Score out of 10. 8/10"
,Recommended,238090,21517526,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Achmed the Taliban Spy,gud gud way to learn hooman anatomy and shoot testicles
,Not Recommended,238090,24308321,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Professor_Goat,"Absolutely horrible community. And by community, I mean every server host out there. Most of these morons either do not possess the knowledge or are just a bunch of butthurt cry babies. Almost every server requests that the players have their steam profiles on public. Its never stated in a rule. But the second you lead in k/d, you will be banned if its private. They literally just want to snoop at your friends and community. I'm sorry, but that harrassment is not allowed by Steam's standards, hence the option for privacy. The community is lead by sore losers and cry babies. Console COD players with unregulated authority.The community killed this game. THE COMMUNITY. Besides these fools, the game is great."
,Not Recommended,238090,21628044,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,r d c 黒帯,"Should be crawling elite or welrod elite on the singleplayerawful multiplayer experience most likely hide and seek elite with preposterous point system, just awful.And the preposteurous concept of a mand being so good at sniper that he is bad with outer weapons"
,Recommended,238090,21595242,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Daedrin,"Played Sniper Elite V2 and #3 is a total improvement.  The adjustment from v2 is minimal, theAI is MUCH better, the open areas allow for a variety of play styles and as always the bulletcam is screenshot fodder.  Dont pass this one up!    12 testicle shots out of 10, would murders nazis again."
76561198141342042,Recommended,238090,22181357,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,joda,"definetly best of the sniper elite games. I have put hours into it, and it is worth every penny"
,Not Recommended,238090,23820207,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Turbografx16,"Mouse sensitivity can't be adjusted easily, (i ended up using a Razer Synapse macro instead).seems to be waaaay easier/shallower than sniper elite V2."
,Recommended,238090,25669168,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Senior Kropotkin,Not as good as Sniper Elite 2 but a great game in its own right.
,Recommended,238090,13221608,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,TrIcKsTeRR,"Fantastic game, it did not fail to please, I bought this the first couple of days it came out and it was pretty glitchy...  but it should be good now... The levels are well done, they are big and well laid out... The story line is pretty good too, although it is a little cliche... 'a lone american saving the world one sniper shot at a time'.. There isn't much difference to Sniper V2 as far as physics and style... But well worth the money... The multiplayer is sensational, playing that with friends, we could be there for hours on end... i give the game 8/10 it loses two points because the game doesn't really offer anything new... except updated graphics and sound was a lot compared to V2..."
,Recommended,238090,28125784,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,bgprobg,WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAW
,Not Recommended,238090,31705109,Posted: 12 May,all,RawGameplay298,"Pros: Sniper Elite GameCons:* Wonky controls. The same button cant be mapped to multiple scenarios (E is hold breath but isn't interact)* Crashes often with windows 10. Googled how to fix it but nothing workedI played for less than 3 hours on this and was tired of the crashing. The game crashed 5 times in under an hour. The devs haven't even bothered to fix it or have anything to do with the game.Just buy Sniper Elite 4 instead. Much better game. Runs at higher frames, tells you when you're being seen on lower difficulties, anddoesn't crash"
76561198026021496,Recommended,238090,14880412,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,VSS-Elite Jocky the High-Hitter,"I enjoy the heat, if you know what i mean:D"
76561198067936603,Not Recommended,238090,11062258,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,SilentShock™,"I do not recomend this game, the game is extremly difficult not because how it is designed, but how the ai I very buggy and uncompleate."
76561198028495591,Not Recommended,238090,11131793,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Cartnox [NOR],"This is♥♥♥♥♥♥.. i got good enough computer to play, but its lagging like hell at low settings. i gotIntel i7 2.9Ghz8GB ramGigabyte GeForce GTX 660 2GB PhysX CUDAWin 8 x64"
,Not Recommended,238090,20172138,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Not a fan of injoker,"Dont waste yr money, dont buy. Refund it if you bought it. This game makes me sleepy"
,Not Recommended,238090,31504560,Posted: 2 May,all,Effgee,This game taught me many valuable lessons. The most important one: always read the Steam reviews first.This game crashes. A lot. Often.
,Recommended,238090,15619380,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Z71Silverado06,Great Sniper Game For Single Player Its Great But The Multiplayer Is Lacking But Other Then That Overall Its A Really Great Game To Play
76561198126387283,Recommended,238090,34045082,Posted: 5 August,all,Toggi10,Great game highly recommend just because you can shoot people in the nuts
,Recommended,238090,28671298,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Perry,"Got this game for only 10 euros on sale, and its defenitely worth the money. I already finished the first 2 missions of the campaign and I did some co-op survival with a friend of mine I haven't tried solo survival or multiplayer yet.testicle shot 10/10Or should I say 5/7"
76561197996412505,Recommended,238090,11010710,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Cupcake [that Canadian],"Fun game overall, still got the same old issues like in the second, as for the price you guys better wait for steam sales.. its a ripp off for such an short game..."
,Not Recommended,238090,24603233,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Mr.Nice Guy,"That game is really bad , first its all about the stealth but your sniper doesn't have any supressor , your sniper is like a nerf gun on the enemies and they snipe you with and mp 40 . After that let me talk about the story is nothing and the hole game is 8 little mission. You shouldn't buy that game it's suck. 0/10"
,Recommended,238090,25927800,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,无手dotar异闻录,We Need Chinese language！！！！
76561198103368980,Recommended,238090,13440764,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Lone,"One of the most realisitc World War II video games out here, graphics are awesome too."
76561198075176281,Not Recommended,238090,13450515,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,TightLeash4u,Raised price for sale so they could say it was a better sale...
,Recommended,238090,13456614,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Commissar Draco,Shot a Nazi in the testicles 10/10
76561198007772855,Not Recommended,238090,11124287,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,robtock216,"As a long standing player of the sniper elite games bullet cam never gets old, i really looked forward to the release of sniper elite 3 its not a bad game, its even pretty good but pretty good isnt worth the price tag, the game is very small, not enough weapon choices, the customisation on rifles is pretty meaningless and the whole game feels like one big script, i enjoyed the free roam feel as opose to V2 but i dont feel it was as free roam as it could have been, nor was the story all that immersivea real shame"
,Recommended,238090,33218727,Posted: 4 July,all,[JGV] bo2,10/10 helped me with my science homeworks
,Recommended,238090,32367935,Posted: 12 June,all,YouseF_® EvilLord,Best Shooting Game i ever Played :D
,Recommended,238090,35425955,Posted: 2 October,all,Drexel,pretty lit for 17 minutes.
76561198056020364,Recommended,238090,19038557,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,[35th]Gatsybah,Dead Germans float on water. 10/10
,Recommended,238090,19376396,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,The Medic,"Sometimes I quicksave so I can do the same shot a dozen of times, the killcam never ceases to amuze me"
,Recommended,238090,19384186,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,NITRO RIPSHOT,great game
,Recommended,238090,19342680,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,GadMiuM,Great Game!
76561198146177262,Recommended,238090,19393600,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,kick_ass_cam,amazing no lag and i use a laptop
76561198099374307,Recommended,238090,10996197,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Eva,"Amazing , simply Amazing"
76561198009585916,Recommended,238090,10998947,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Deathwolf,Like being a sniper? Like customizing your gun? Like doing mortal kombat xray fatalities? Then this my friends is the game for you.
76561198081423033,Recommended,238090,11135793,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,HUGO_STIGLITZ-_-92,"For those of you who are saying this game isn't better than V2 and that it sucks, you're all ignorant. I hate whining people... Anyway, with that said, this game does have its problems (mainly in multiplayer).The single player is fun. Its very short, but hell, its fun and rewarding especially on higher difficulty levels. You get the freedom to do what you want in all the missions and you can use whatever tools at your disposal to complete your mission. Now in terms of content for this game, there should have been more. But what can I say? No game is absolutely perfect in its own nature. The developers put most of the ""extra content"" into DLC bundles if you want an upper hand. They really aren't that jaw dropping or needed for completing missions but they do help in multiplayer.Ahh, multiplayer. Multiplayer is definitely a fun and exciting expirience all around, but there is quite a bit of lag going on but idk if thats because of my connection or if its actually the server. Also, there are quite a few glitches. For instance, I could be running to a corner to get some cover and hear another person shoot, I would assume they miss me but as I get around the corner, I fall over dead. Its that kind of stuff that makes people hate it and I understand. But the Devs will fix this in no time. Also, there needs to be more people on multiplayer. Sometimes I cant even find a game.Overall, this game is fun and really enjoyable. Just stick with your gut. It is a pretty high price tag, but I am definitley glad that I bought it. The multiplayer is just too fun for me to pass up."
76561198009593975,Not Recommended,238090,11051226,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,landonaaronp,"Super fun game. Awesome tactical/stealth game play. And incredibly short. There are 8 huge levels with total freedom of play, but there are only 8 levels, so the game feels in many ways like half a game. This game really needs another 8 levels to be considered a full game. I want to recommond the game as it incredible fun, but I am so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥that there are only 8 levels I just can't recommend it. If you don't mind paying for full price for half a game then yes that half is pretty fun but yeah its only 8 freaking levels."
76561198043311916,Recommended,238090,10994372,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,papabear2682,Awesome game play with interactive envirnments.  Great graphics.  Only wish there are more rifles to choose from in Campaign mode and actual missing parts from where the bullets exploded the face ect...
,Recommended,238090,16177942,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,MLG BOT Ulric,If you emjoy blowing Nazi balls off than you will love this game.
,Recommended,238090,18253742,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,ReDesign,If you like sniping and stuff' this is good 4 u m8
,Not Recommended,238090,21884111,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Spenzor,"I encountered a game breaking bug - an invincible enemy - in the tutorial mission, and was unable to progress. I found and several suggestions online (reloading the mission, changing position, and reinstalling the game), none of which helped. I would have expected a bug of this nature to be resolved in a game that was released close to 2 years ago, but I guess not."
,Not Recommended,238090,22014987,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,☜═㋡ IceFox ㋡═☞,"I'm so sad, I was hoping this game would be awesome, but is not, it so sad because is so unreal, so many fails ind the game, it just make me sad :("
76561198033167442,Recommended,238090,22030372,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,sweem,boring
,Not Recommended,238090,21038693,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,WepperPeppe,the mother♥♥♥♥ing camera on this game killed my life
,Recommended,238090,21004271,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,yitzchaKing,fun game. a bit repetitive.
,Not Recommended,238090,18356792,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Mackensen,"Considering this game has the word ""sniper"" on it's title it's surprising how little snipping it envolves doing.The stealth mecanics is broken and the relocation system is just asinine. For the most part, the player shoots once, runs back 30 meters to get the relocation bonus, then the AI just resumes it's path as though nothing happened, and the player shoots some other enemy and runs back again until he gets the relocation bonus.The sniper nests are, for the most part, useless, unless there is a generator to make noise nearby.The story is thread bare, almost non existent. The sound and graphics are decent, but nothing special."
76561198129814753,Not Recommended,238090,19724564,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,SirLagsAlot,You know what's better than sniper elite 3..................knowledge
76561198205423237,Not Recommended,238090,20576897,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,wakejoe,"The red ""aiming"" dot is not consistant, and there is a lot of non-sniper type mission.Also, .30-06 does not drop two feet at 150 yards."
,Not Recommended,238090,21126169,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Leo,just the same Sniper Elite 2 only diff is graphics only. not very interesting story line!
76561198027042962,Recommended,238090,23856931,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Ruttu Ulla,awesome
76561198190957043,Recommended,238090,23678723,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,SpinFire,"Good game, Now you guys need to make a Modern Day Open World Sniper Elite!"
,Recommended,238090,23801743,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,egood13,I started playing the Sniper Elite games with V2 and I really enjoy them.  I had initially purchased this game on PS4 and I have been waiting for a Steam Sale to purchase it again on PC.  I'll list a few pros and cons for the game and hopefully that helpsSniper Elite 3 is set in Africa during WW2.  While I miss the bombed out and burned buildings of WW2 Europe from Sniper Elite V2 the Africa setting is done well and allows for more open levels.This game is designed to be played at a slower pace than most shooters so if you are looking for Call of Duty style shooter you may as well move on to another game.  If you are looking for a realistic sniping simulation or a hard core survival shooter this isnt the game for you.Pros-graphics look great-xray kill cam (it never gets old)-open levels with multiple pathways to each objective-coop campaign and coop modes.  The entire game can be played with another player which is cool.  The only downside is when you are playing in coop the xray kill cam is disabled except for certain situations.-coop overwatch mode.  One player acts as a sniper while the other (spotter) moves around the level to complete objectives.-sounds great-can customize your weapons and loadoutCons-can be repetetive (most games are these days)-AI isnt very bright-too much close quarters fighting for a sniper game at times.Obviously this game isnt going to be for everyone. Great cooperative games are hard to find these days and the coop in this game is awesome.Right now the game is $10 USD on sale.  You really cant go wrong at that price point.
,Recommended,238090,23816071,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,№βuN4ķa,I love hitler's ball broke with my bullet LOLz!!!!
76561198018244361,Recommended,238090,10992116,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,abuseddoughboy,good game. sucks that there was day one dlc
,Recommended,238090,10994335,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,ΜΟΛΩΝ__ΛΑΒΕ,"Despite its issues, i can recommend it for any sniping, stealth, and WWII 3rd person fans out there."
76561198081973800,Recommended,238090,12285315,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Vankoovur,"Oh, come off it, people who didnt reccomend it. Admit, you think this game is a good game? Because I really think this a VERY good sniping simulation game. So what it isn't finished? What if Borderlands wasn't finished? People would still buy it, right? That situation is JUST like this situation...Rebellion probably did a LOT of work like they did with V2 to create this game. So there they are, drawing all of the X-Ray cams and you numb-minded people think that this game isn't good?"
,Recommended,238090,18381733,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,✪ Raushan csgoroll.com,you can shoot someones balls and let the bullet continue into there brainnothing else is to be said
,Not Recommended,238090,24340485,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,yss,thousands of bugs. campaign progress is still %0. I am wondering if they had a tester.
,Recommended,238090,11331295,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,SOUR,this game is great the sniping is brilliant and the close up killing is so fun it's a bit like a 1942 assassins creed
76561198066645059,Recommended,238090,11567608,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Roach Killington,I purchased this game after seeing my brother play it. It's great if you love long range sniper battles. Also has short range combat if you play anything other than no cross. I can play it for hours on end. Worth $50.
,Recommended,238090,14850361,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Havana,"kind a good game, worth every penny"
76561198035989165,Recommended,238090,14829347,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Cruces,"I'm giving it thumbs up, but I'm mildly disappointed.The bright environment does not go well with the sniper concept.  Neither does sneaking behind enemies and cutting their throats.Other than that... the bullet cam is awesome; the realistic bullet trajectory is awesome. But Sniper Elite 2 is better.Don't pay full price for this game. It's not worth it."
,Recommended,238090,22400556,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,mlittle,"This game smokes Sniper Elite 2. I don't understand why so many people are complaining. I couldn't stop playing. The game play, graphics and sound blow away Sniper Elite 2"
76561198067654601,Recommended,238090,15401653,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,yokozuna_,Cool game. Best game for camping :). I luv it <3
76561198037295986,Recommended,238090,14656105,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Deviant Potato,"Pros:-I shot a soldier in the balls, and my reward was a glitch that made him brake dance like a motherlover.-Most corpses do the best Jojo poses I've ever seen.-I shot a soldier in the balls.-Stupid story about some nazis doing nazi stuff (I skipped most of the cutscenes), and the ultimate weapon is pretty ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ... but I found it to be ironically hilarious.Cons:-Some people don't have this game yet!10/10 did nazi this coming"
,Recommended,238090,20599089,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,TL1KS,Has the gun used in JFK assasination1963/10 would november 23 jfk again
76561198287119429,Recommended,238090,33078043,Posted: 1 July,all,Dr_NH,Love the game
,Recommended,238090,33083933,Posted: 1 July,all,☣StriX۩,GGWP
76561198097782002,Recommended,238090,33129275,Posted: 2 July,all,Shox cs.money,Testicle Sim
76561198044610901,Recommended,238090,25292378,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,niff_la,What is better in SE3 than in SEv2:- non-linear maps- stealth is more of an option- better health system- (optional objectives)It's fun! Especially in coop.
76561198049397690,Recommended,238090,33142338,Posted: 2 July,all,Benjamin[IL],Nice game! Beautiful graphics!
76561198070237002,Recommended,238090,32866167,Posted: 27 June,all,Alkkkon7,"Very good and fun game, 9/10. The only flaw is censored Nazi flag!"
,Recommended,238090,19320370,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,EcLiPsE_,Testical explosion simulator 2015
,Not Recommended,238090,21928753,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Gamer And Yeah,"Not as good as V2 in every way:- More expensive- Clunkier movement - good luck trying to do anything but run in a straight line- Worse level design - can't actually snipe, might as well just be a generic stealth-action game with sniping sections- Worse sniping- Worse bullet cams- Worse unlocks/weapon selection - fewer, less varied rifles- Scoring system makes so much less sense: precisely sniping someone's grenade off their belt and killing 4 people = same score as running up to someone and shooting them in the chest point blank with the rifleJust buy V2 instead, it is so much better in every way."
76561198097694833,Recommended,238090,33010110,Posted: 29 June,all,Gmdragon217,"Really fun from what i played, ran perfectly until it'd inexplicalby crash after 15mins. tried multiple fixes but none worked. Running windows 10. Give it a shot i say."
76561198238837370,Recommended,238090,33045206,Posted: 30 June,all,Pisanu,it´s oke.
76561197987128331,Not Recommended,238090,33152505,Posted: 2 July,all,Gewber,♥♥♥♥♥♥ AI
76561198155832451,Recommended,238090,19751137,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Jott,the ONLY game where camping is encouraged!
,Not Recommended,238090,16387207,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,error17,One word: Clunk
,Recommended,238090,15281064,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Neptune,Best Nuts-Be-Gone Simulator out there.
76561198121152327,Recommended,238090,29499329,Posted: 26 January,all,johan,the revulutioniseíng game that made biology fun. so fun that i recomend schools to download this game and only allow students to use snipers and welrod and the rockertlauncher it also spares inocents frogs lives yay!ok this was just a joke with a bit of truth in itbut serously if the schools need to teatch boilocy for 16 year old students this is sure a way to do so and it would save frogs lives and you cant deny it teatchers!!!!!!! (at least teatchers in america)also make peace not violent-brutal-headshotkillshave a great day! :D(and biology lession)
,Recommended,238090,33218451,Posted: 4 July,all,Balkenkreuz,SS-Korps Afrika Division
,Recommended,238090,33158924,Posted: 2 July,all,CodeNameAtlas,mosin nagant :P
,Not Recommended,238090,31501597,Posted: 2 May,all,Khaledius,Game crashes alot.The sprinting animation looks like the dude always needs to♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,238090,33249549,Posted: 4 July,all,λŋɠᶓl,"I am a little dissapointed with this game, yes its a good game only if you can get it for less than 5$.I finished the game in 5Hrs."
,Recommended,238090,18748626,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,MysticalPie,Great game! Worth the money!
76561198256877437,Recommended,238090,25895819,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,LurkingTiger,Game is nice. Payed 10 dollars to get my♥♥♥♥♥beaten by the German.
76561198001408422,Recommended,238090,14001795,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,streetylite,"At this time, best game on the market."
,Not Recommended,238090,19381717,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Something Hank,"I refunded this game for one very strong reason a while ago.Now, don't get me wrong. I like these games, the multiplayer especially is a unique experience! Even with a full match of people you can go for minutes on end without hearing a single bullet whiz through the air! Everyone is searching, everyone is being careful, because everyone wants to know where people are, but no one wants to be spotted because death is just a slight movement sighting away. It's a very tense, very focused multiplayer where skilled patience, properly-chosen speed and observation are rewarded in spades. Especially when everyone plays like this.But that was when I played this game on the Xbox 360.The PC version - while superior in every performance category - suffers from one fatal flaw. ALL it's PC multiplayer servers are run by players. Nothing is dedicated. This results in NO server having vanilla Sniper Elite rules. Usually this includes ""One-Shot Rifle Kills"" which make proper sniper rifle aiming useless entirely, and eliminate the use of your subweapons as well. Or servers with no sprinting allowed. And that's just the games built-in enforcement rules available. I've seen a server that enforced ""no jogging"" as well. Which means if any admin catches you jogging along at a gentle pace, you're given a warning, and later kicked. Honestly, my most fun was had trying to sprint WITHOUT those people seeing me do so.I'm not willing to spend the money to host my own server, and the player base for this game remains so small that there's no possibility of getting people to migrate TO a vanilla server. I'd love to play a round of classic, vanilla Sniper Elite multiplayer with all the assisting tools turned off. Just hardcore sniping with people. But unfortunately... That just won't happen.If you want to enjoy this game for its multiplayer - and that's what kept me coming back on the 360 - just play the console versions that HAVE regular game rules accessible to people. Otherwise, this was a critical flaw that destroyed an otherwise incredibly unique multiplayer experience for me.Oh, and new Karl's hair looks like crap."
76561198238704866,Recommended,238090,23803128,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,jackbounder,freaking awesome!!!!!
76561197961098895,Not Recommended,238090,13627176,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,jstems BETS.gg,Patent trolls.
,Recommended,238090,31813311,Posted: 17 May,all,SaltyLLama,I shoot a guys balls off...
,Recommended,238090,24333903,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Duckhorse,"Sniper Elite 3 is very different if you compare it to other shooting games that were realeased in the past few years. I can only say that a select few enjoy the game due to its gameplay which by some can be considered monotonous since after each shot that is notsomehow silenced you will have to relocate by walking away 50 meters and the guards will have forgotten that you even exist. The setting is very unique since this time you are not storming the beaches of Normandy but are instead crossing through African terrain and one of the most underrated military theatres in history. there is also a unique feature where whenever you fire a shot your bullet will go into slow motion as it penetrates your target permitting you to see the carnage first-hand. If you don´t understand what I mean by this think of it as the special X-ray special moves from the new Mortal Kombat games but with bullets.Pros:Unique settingAdvanced bullet physicsSlow-motion killsVast array of weapons to choose fromKill Hitler DLCCan see your bullet destroy a man´s balls via the slow-motion kill featureCons:May be considered monotonous and boring by some peopleOnly one silenced weapon in the game, making it hard to be stealthy.Conclusion:I would only recommend it if you know what you are getting into and if you are positive that you will enjoy it. Otherwise you may have wasted your money."
76561198050246034,Recommended,238090,25242076,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,donatelo200,Ever wanted to learn about the human anatomy?  Well this is the game for you.Also a very good shooter.  Would reccomend playing on the harder difficulties.
,Recommended,238090,16955206,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Ze Überwaffle,You know this game. It's the one where you shoot the man and his face explodes.I like this game. And you probably will too.
76561197982100333,Recommended,238090,25297585,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Paperboy,The ultimate WWII stealth shooter. The developers have covered every aspect of the genre with clear devotion to the content and quality. If you like Splinter Cell or other stealth shooters this game is for you.
76561198024327278,Recommended,238090,25187194,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Citizen Alpha,"This has been one of my favorite coop games to play, so much so that I've played it through twice with two different friends.  I picked it up dirt cheap on a bundle site and had an absolute blast.  Careful in the multiplayer though, it's so stressful and tense you'll give yourself an ulcer."
76561198314685536,Recommended,238090,25951781,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Starblaster77,10/10 would play again
,Recommended,238090,25063395,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,DaddyJoker,"I have been a gamer for over 30 years and rarely can I say that I have thoroughly enjoyed every game entry into the franchise. The Sniper Elite series fits the bill for sure!Sniper Elite III is a great experience from start to finish with well thought out maps and challenges. The graphics, sounds, and storyline are all great. The maps are pretty big and non-linear based, which is great for a third person expirence.The weapon upgrades are ok, without getting too tedious. The challenges are fun, especially in coop mode. The coop mode is an excellent idea for games like this.Some downsides are: shooting over walls can be bit buggy, the AI are way too perceptive to your location after making any noise (It's still a major improvement over SE2, however.) Also, players are too rewarded for close range combat.Multiplayer is fun and challenging. It's a bit slower paced and methodical than most shooters, but that's the way it should be.This game is all around one of the best I've played in the genre. Rarely do try to gather as many achievements as possible in a game, but this I just couldn't put down.Im looking forward to next installment."
,Recommended,238090,25308477,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,The Dark Lord,"Sniper Elite- A game about shooting human testicles, cos who doesn't like that? I know I do!But in all seriousness, this is one of the best sniping games of all time. I adore the Sniper Elite series for its fantastic sniping, which feels smooth and responsive. Playing on the harder modes with no aim assistence to help you shoot and with realistic ballistics makes it all the more fun. I urge you to pick up this game, or even the older but awesome Sniper Elite V2. It's even more fun to play with your friends, provided the servers don't bug up, causing multiple crashes like it did to me...So what are you waiting for? Grab that Mosin Nagant, set up your sniping nest, and hunt some balls!"
76561198106543699,Recommended,238090,19020350,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Adrian,fun game i think
76561198053053878,Recommended,238090,25939959,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Wazard,As good as the Medal of Honor series that predate this game
,Recommended,238090,24998864,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Schneefsickle,"I shot a man in the testicles from 300 yards away, 10/10!"
,Recommended,238090,25124194,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,TinyPower,This game contains:1. Suicide by shooting explosives.2. Suicide by dropping down from a cliff.3. Hide&Seek.4. RIP aim. You sometimes need 2 sniper shots to kill one in close combats.Good game.
,Recommended,238090,24997735,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,✪ Br0k3N dA K1NG,That's a good game
76561198249823426,Recommended,238090,33283973,Posted: 5 July,all,KewlBeanzZA,"Best game in my library. Story mode is a bit short but the survival mode makes up for that as well as the extra DLC missions. I just wish my specs were better so I can have better graphics...other than that, this game is worth it. Money well spent :D"
,Recommended,238090,11771777,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Spencerjedi,very fun
76561198150502335,Recommended,238090,24043704,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,ritikgrover,CAN SHOOT AND SEE A GUY'S NUTS EXPLODE!!!10/10WILL SHOOT NUTS AGAIN!
76561198074927545,Recommended,238090,24046724,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Plukkringe,pretty good!!
76561198002053619,Not Recommended,238090,26166688,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Klavs,Meh
,Recommended,238090,23896838,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Diffusal,Worth the money. 10/10
,Recommended,238090,28641821,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,8[&],fxxk you 52hkd........two months ago 260 hkd.................
76561198304751319,Recommended,238090,28648688,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,mkempe,love this game. can never get enough of the X-ray cam. i know they are nothing more than software characters but i still feel extra bad when one of their testies get blown off. LOL cant wait for 4 in Feb.
76561197999133956,Recommended,238090,28661621,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,tcomjcl,Truly enjoyed this game! Didn't want it to end. But all good things do indeed come to that eventually.Waiting for Sniper Elite 4!!! and it's competitor Sniper Ghost Warrior 3!!!
76561198309647446,Recommended,238090,28669207,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,nikolai7777,mnogo qka igra
,Recommended,238090,28168388,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,KGB313,You get to shoot Nazis in the testicles with high powered rifles. Do I really need to say anything more?
,Not Recommended,238090,20050107,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Lincoln Burrows,its ok
76561198176393907,Not Recommended,238090,28850314,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Noah.jourdanais,it is not that good
76561198271793684,Not Recommended,238090,29270425,Posted: 15 January,all,SlimyDank,PURE GARBAGE
,Recommended,238090,27380380,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Hermann Hogan,came up behind german soldier and shot him in the knee.10/10 like skyrim with nazis
76561198056558991,Recommended,238090,28043534,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,★ Crash Test™★,"beside some minor bugs, this game is great, defo recommand it for all snoipah lovers, tons of fun, very nice graphics, its worth the price undoubtedly, looking forward to see SE4!!"
76561198163800797,Recommended,238090,29384919,Posted: 20 January,all,s4hın,nice
,Recommended,238090,26414326,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,"ngejak main, ditinggal main. ADA","Nice for this game, make me interest, this game can make me feel be sniper soldier. Good for graphic and not make me bored"
76561198157299040,Recommended,238090,25949737,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Trident309,great graphics. great gameplay.  lots of fun.  love it!!
76561198096000467,Recommended,238090,25952302,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,JEWGQENJ,Very good game!
76561198027711230,Not Recommended,238090,26106544,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Despairbear,"Let me start with: This is not a bad game.Now that I got that out of the way, let me explain why I don’t recommend Sniper Elite 3.Sniper Elite 3 is the 3rd iteration of the Sniper Elite series and probably the worst so far. I played and enjoyed the original Sniper Elite, the sequel was OKish but I have not replayed it since my original sessions. And SE3 has followed the same downward trend as SE2. Let’s just put it out there SE3 is about as realistic as a Loony Toon. The ballistics are a joke, the historical accuracy is way off and the storyline is thin. If you are a fan of the instant action Call of Duty series, then SE3 may provide some small entertainment. But if you are interested in history, firearms, or combat sims, you had best steer clear of SE3; again it is a loony toon, all it is missing is a smart talking rabbit and some falling anvils.This may be a great kids game at least older kids who will get a kick out of the cartoonish gore if the slow-motion shots along with the kindergarten ballistic models but for any serious gamers this title leaves a lot to be desired. Maybe pick it up for less than $10 (I did) and give it an hour our three of your time, but don’t expect much more than that."
76561198256729797,Recommended,238090,28536317,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,webadage,"Sniper Elite III is hightly recommended by me. I especially take pleasure from playing the single player challenge levels. I only wish they levels were larger. Perhaps the creators of this game will see the potential of simply expanding the two levels beyond the red band that defines the edges of the map. I'm dying to see what's up that hill, around that corner or behind that rock. I'd certainly be willing to pay for the experience. Come on, just expand the maps!"
,Recommended,238090,26050130,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,3 consecutive english letters,"It has gotten to the point where I know headshots are more lethal, but it is so fun watching a 50 cal. bullet demolish a mans testicles"
76561198030844789,Not Recommended,238090,29961169,Posted: 16 February,all,What a funny story Mark,"A huge step up from Sniper Elite V2. Big expansive settings, improved ""slo-mo"" kill cams, and improved stealth addressed many of the weaknesses of SE V2. Unfortunately, my recommendation of this game is marred by technical problems, with frequent crashes occuring on Windows 10 (as reported by many users) making the game barely playable :/"
76561198154038286,Recommended,238090,28771950,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Pikachu❤,#Best game!!
,Recommended,238090,30937092,Posted: 3 April,all,[k꒞Ѫ]Mr.Mole1674,Realy cool game and fun to play with a friend
76561198109810729,Not Recommended,238090,29525923,Posted: 27 January,all,Frosty,"ALL of the game is broken, you can't even pass the 4-5th mission on the EASIEST difficulty, sometimes you need to pre fire, and sometimes you don't when you need to.. I am surprised they are even making another game of this."
76561198295629983,Recommended,238090,28223681,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,sao must die,no comments
,Recommended,238090,22468940,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,TuoPPi,Totally not worth but got it with 10ebuggy as ♥♥♥♥ and makes fun ragequits while playing with a friend
76561198156930406,Recommended,238090,23814772,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Guesty,10/10 nut shot killcam would watch again
76561197980697683,Recommended,238090,28388997,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Cat Fart,One of the few games out there of testicles getting hit with a bullet in slow motion. 10 out of 10 busted nuts.
76561198059392220,Not Recommended,238090,13871775,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,IvanRussianSovietic,I didn't have the strength to finish it. Aids/10
76561198307016594,Recommended,238090,24003694,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,destinednavy,THIS GAME IS COOL AND FUN GET IT !!!!!!!!!!
76561198303741354,Recommended,238090,23916616,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Seraphel,This game is awesome
,Recommended,238090,28153077,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Pawnda,"""We are the same, you and I. We are both soldiers, workers of war. We love our work."""
,Recommended,238090,28938801,Posted: 2 January,all,[VTG] Hecklucky,Now I know where the testicles of a man.
76561198120677597,Not Recommended,238090,20613289,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Woodhouse,"Don't play this, play Sniper Elite 2 and if you have already played Sniper Elite 2, play it again because it's way more fun than this, actually the Sniper Elite 2 demo was more fun than this."
76561198169225565,Not Recommended,238090,14379360,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,ElectricInfernoSparks,laggy
76561198084109041,Not Recommended,238090,27583674,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Arekkusu[Database],gets repetitive simply because theres nothing but the same thing every mission. shoot and dont die
,Not Recommended,238090,29501498,Posted: 26 January,all,GingerBearrrd,"3/10 Literally unplayable!If you ALT+TAB you never get back in the game as the moment you click resume it takes you back to the desktop where you have to killtask it and start it again.It glitches in the campain as when you aim the sniper rifle, zoom in and hold breath the red aim thingy is well below the crosshair making it impossible to accurately shoot anything. It crashes so many times without the faintest error message just the annoying ""Sniper Elite stopped working"".Updated graphics driver, set game details to medium, altough my machine can run the game at 200fps on ultra, updated game files and now i get the Run time error Microsoft C++.It's a great game overall and love the play-style of sneaking and sniping badies but the errors and alt+tab thing and the persistent glitches ruin it."
,Not Recommended,238090,14737599,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Attacotti,"The sniping and the xray cam are pretty cool, but everything else is bad.They made the game way too stealthy and the A.I. is way OP."
76561197966997850,Not Recommended,238090,14469117,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Pinjata,"Awful camera and controls will end up killing you countless times when you stand in front of an enemy in perfect sight while the camera (ie you) is behind a wall blocking your sight... The camera is fixed on the right side behind the character meaning you dont have the same view as the character and this is extremly frustrating. The character movement is jerky and game physics is clearly lacking, for instance run into an object you are thrown sideways in a very unnatural way. I love sniper games but this is clearly an unfinished game or really bad PC port.An important bug to keep in mind: Quick saving isn't permanent meaning if you quit the game without doing a real save via the save menu you will lose all progress.On the plus side if you can live with the camera problems it's a fairly good game with good graphics and enjoyable kills."
76561198074663603,Not Recommended,238090,22320378,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Circus4APsycho,"Sniper Elite 3.... or Sneaky Welrod Elite 3?The game while looking much better and graphically pleasing is so pushing the stealth aspect of this game... it was so BORING! I had to push myself so damn hard just to finish the story. Now as a sniping game, I understand as a sniper... situations require this, so let me elaborate.Generally when you are going to kill a target (or targets) you have a few choices:1) Relatively close with the welrod or a up close and personal takedown.2) Masking your shots e.g. a passing aircraft or a conveniently placed generator you can damage to make sounds that somehow mask a shot.3) Take a shot, enemies will hear it and become aware of your presence and will try to pinpoint your location. So what do you do to stay silent and keeping sniping? Get up and move to another location (generally fairly far away)Now I appreciate the depth (somewhat) in the sniper realism, but for a game that is not combined with the title “Simulator” this made for an utterly BORING GAME. Comparing this game to the previous title (Sniper Elite V2) I found the setting quite boring and frankly it didn’t feel like it suited the game.Now my issue with both games (but more this one now) is that your choices are quite limited. When you play the game it feels way too scripted, it felt impossible to be immersed because all your choices are pretty much laid right out in front of you. While you have the choice to try other ways, the game pushes you so hard to play the way it wants you to play it... and not the way you would like to play it.Now the obvious, the game is so damn repetitive that I had to push myself so hard to finish the campaign, the levels are boring and the story is awful (for lack of a better word) and predictable. The fact that there are DLC weapons of course is quite stupid and without them your current selection of weapons are so minimal and you will definitely never use any other pistol except the welrod.But I will give the developers credit where it’s due.• The X-ray cam while almost the same is improved and awesome.• The Graphic options are pretty good.(although Low/Medium/High AA settings doesn’t specify which AA it uses, But Super Sampling is always a fantastic option to add. Love that)• Game runs smooth on my GTX 970 + i7 3770 (although some odd bug where if I don’t enable Anti-aliasing the game crashes after a few minutes of gameplay)Summary:While I loved Sniper Elite 2, this felt like a horrible entry to the Sniper Elite series. They needed to keep the game fun while balancing stealth aspect; this game had too much busy work just to take a couple of sniper shots and too much use of the welrod that you get annoyed of the game really fast, while story and mission objectives do nothing to combat this. Minimal choice of weapons that can only be expanded by buying the DLC packs.The optimisation is pretty good with some decent graphical options; unfortunately this does not redeem the game of its fatal flaws. I would not recommend this game to anyone at full price; if you are currently on the fence about purchasing this game than most likely you are better off taking your money elsewhere. If not then wait until a 75% off sale is active and pay as little as possible.If you liked Sniper Elite V2 and wish it was stealthier along with the added busy work to remain quiet and continue sniping, then you will love this! For everyone else it will be a chore."
76561198082991406,Recommended,238090,30339821,Posted: 5 March,all,Hippety Hopper,Ultra fun sniping game with great x-ray cam and bullet physics. But for me I have an issue where it crashes on the fort level so I rate it: 73/100.
76561197970590773,Not Recommended,238090,22759322,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Shackleton,"Your first playthough is fun, but the scriptedness of the game doesn't give you enough freedom to fully take advantage of the level design. A waste of potential."
76561198067746287,Not Recommended,238090,24426883,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,BirdDog,"So to start I played V2 and I loved it.From the get-go Sniper Elite 3 left me wanting more. The story was garbage and felt rushed. It was too stealth oriented and ironically revolved less around sniping leaving you sitting in your nest waiting for a plane to fly by to mask your shot.What really bugged me was when Vahlen would appear in a cutscene it's like WTF, there was nobody within a mile of there 2 seconds ago.I expected more from Rebellion on this one."
76561198098540990,Recommended,238090,25956986,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Dag Ger,nice
,Recommended,238090,32887297,Posted: 27 June,all,♛Gulfurs♛,pretty good
,Recommended,238090,24929662,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,ohhhhhhhhhhh,Meme
,Recommended,238090,26504961,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,✠smily!Gl◕ry☠Vict◕ry♆,best...
,Recommended,238090,32991225,Posted: 29 June,all,Frosty!,YES
76561198260119945,Recommended,238090,33006679,Posted: 29 June,all,1enadve2,very good i recommend.
,Recommended,238090,32993858,Posted: 29 June,all,DevFox |CSGOHandouts.com CSGO500,Still a nice game. Also I'd like to play the next one :)) #SniperElite4
76561198379509817,Recommended,238090,32999389,Posted: 29 June,all,RecAvirel,"great graphic,buying is not a regretfull thing to do!"
,Not Recommended,238090,18276964,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Nope.,"What a turd... ""Sniper Elite"" my♥♥♥♥♥ This has as much sniping as Tetris does.Thanks steam for the refund."
,Not Recommended,238090,20638041,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,GriffinBaxter,Not as good as Sniper Elite V2
,Recommended,238090,17784704,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,dithyrambic,boom hheadhsot
02193810751059250,Recommended,238090,31171541,Posted: 15 April,all,fuck you superiorservers.co,Way better than all other sniper elites. Including the new one . 9/10
76561198012474009,Recommended,238090,14383820,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,One Tasty Piece of Bitch,The second game that taught me that snoipin's a good job.
,Recommended,238090,31410289,Posted: 28 April,all,-GUlEks- #big Boobs,ภาพสวยดีนะ เอาไป 9/10
,Recommended,238090,14386348,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Bleakz,Buy it for the multiplayer. The single player sucks (there's next to no 'sniping'). Personally I would skip the season pass and save the $9 if I could try again unless you really really want to customize a rifle for multiplayer.
76561198095422498,Recommended,238090,23963981,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,dxj0720,Awesome sniping best on the market hands down
,Recommended,238090,16956308,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Lickidactyl,God I love Metal Gear Solid
,Recommended,238090,11532852,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Daisi Shetbag,its cool. story is way too short though.  I would wait til it was on sale.
,Not Recommended,238090,33833081,Posted: 27 July,all,sidaske,"Not better than Sniper Elite 2.Not going to recommend, because you have to pay for dlc's, which are not worth at all.Co-op is just the same game as you play solo. ( not like in sniper elite 2 where you can play other new missions with your friend)Basically pay a lot for the whole game and then pay as much for all the extras.I have to say, that the game have better graphics, works smooth or high settings, no fps drops, kill cams are better. Everything is better, but the content is missing for a price. You can get in on sale for like 10 bucks, but stay away from all the dlc.This review is as sh*t as this game."
76561198048908940,Recommended,238090,14347987,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Rile Slapcheek,"You play as aimbot mcgruff-voice and it is considerably enjoyable with open levels, choke points and snipers nests in the middle of the butt crack of africa during the world war 2 campaign that occurred there. As McGruff-Voice you single handedly annihilate the entire german presence in africa with your sniper rifle and ridiculous amount of ammunition and max payne focus. You get to take away possible future nazi children  when you blow the testicles off of unaware nazis and destroy tanks with your god rifle. You plot is about as intriguing as any true 80s action film in which it is absolutely not and you have a welrod pistol which is confusingly silent for some reason and is used for poof moments where your testicles shrink and you decide to use it to ""silently"" reduce your masculinity.Also Quick saves because YEEEEESSSS!!!!"
,Recommended,238090,14401634,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,mantou boy,"World's most realistic war simulatorevery multiplayer game pretty much go like this:1)everyone camp2)5 hrs later,1 guy decided that he had had enough and ran towards the opponent's team3)everyone shot him down4)cycle repeatsPro tip: never be that guy10/10 would camp again"
76561198193610822,Recommended,238090,17361023,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,THE OBAMAINATOR,Great game make Dudes go Boom
,Recommended,238090,34072235,Posted: 6 August,all,✪ Paradox,"It took me 53 minutes the crash the game! Tokarev/53, would shoot after a guy behind a wall while only his cheek is visible!"
76561198190901125,Recommended,238090,33396257,Posted: 8 July,all,Dodo,loving the game so far
76561198184146679,Recommended,238090,33398117,Posted: 9 July,all,XXX_thomas the dank engine_XXX,good
76561198158976343,Recommended,238090,34068259,Posted: 6 August,all,DuckieZz,nice graphic and SNiper
76561197981903811,Recommended,238090,11091708,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,LuckyLuke,Nut shot anyone?
,Recommended,238090,14454601,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,SirBman,absolutely love this game.
76561198282096682,Recommended,238090,26604053,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,✪ Johnas2 CSGO500,Very good game!!💚💚💚
,Recommended,238090,34089500,Posted: 7 August,all,LIMIT,Buyed game.Installed it.Sniped nazis for around 7 hours.10/10 would snipe nazis again.
,Not Recommended,238090,34094383,Posted: 7 August,all,Dakimakura Laundromat,"As a singleplayer game, this is just ok. Nothing too interesting, and the controls are pretty weird.In multiplayer, it is a complete mess. So many problems arise when trying to play cooperative, ranging from conectivity issues to crashing on death. These, along with other minor annoyances, cause the game to be difficult even to start playing, and even when it's playing normally, the levels are not balanced to accomodate and is too easy. Altogether, not the best experience."
,Recommended,238090,20583360,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Leon der Bimsboii,It's a nice Game if you are able to spend very much time in a single level
,Recommended,238090,29104011,Posted: 7 January,all,MeowW,Yesterday i killed hitler and now im suddenly some assasin???
76561198010488067,Recommended,238090,31332839,Posted: 23 April,all,dancebar,LOVE IT!
,Recommended,238090,31316267,Posted: 23 April,all,✠Baron✠,IMMA DROP ON THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥HEAD LIKE A ♥♥♥♥ING PIANO! (WITH MY WELROD!)vote: WELROD/10
,Recommended,238090,25957201,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Undercover Potato,"Hey, thats pretty good."
76561197984035138,Not Recommended,238090,19969673,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Quantum Detective,"I really enjoyed this game for the first few hours.- nice graphics- amazing and very satisfying killcams- good soundThen the clunky controls and all those weapons and Items I never used, started to annoy me.After like 4 hours, I got tired of killcams and the lame story, so I started skipping everything.What was left was... nothing really. I suddenly got no reason to keep on playing.Just played till the end expecting to get better. But It didn't get better, I finished one level and didn't realize it was the last one. It just ended. Short game.I'm glad I got this on sale, but I would not recommend this, even on sale. It's gonna stay on my steam library forever reminding me of a failed purchase.Don't bother, better use this moneh for Tacos, or a date, beers,... whatever."
,Not Recommended,238090,16536431,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,_larjak_,Game crashes after less than five minutes and reboots windows.
76561198133302156,Recommended,238090,18257131,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,LincolnLinksys,It has bullet pyhiscis for people who are good shotsand bullt physics for people who can only shoot in a straight line (Me)
,Recommended,238090,18260404,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,InMeatWeTrust,"Awesome game, if you liked v2 you'll love this one too."
,Recommended,238090,24465427,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Batman,shoot shoot. gun gun. 3.1415/10-IGN
76561198008708644,Not Recommended,238090,19944627,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,o|-} GiSzMo E. Creed,"I dont understand, how its possible to make a great game, to near perfection and then neglect it. it has been nearly 2 years since release and there seems to be no fix from the developers to fix, issue's with coop.that is a mistake, and a big one, for an otherwise great game. im sorry but i must give this a thump down, and don't recommend this game for others who wants to play with a friend, until that is fixed. :("
76561197962802888,Recommended,238090,18513277,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Pvt. Stash,"Great game.  If you like sniping, stealth and strategy do not pass this one up."
76561197970410449,Not Recommended,238090,21869217,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,WhatsUnderMyKilt,"Within the first 2 minutes of the game I ran two things that ruined the experience for me.1. Could not kill the enemy spotter on the top of the ridgeline because he is magically obstructed (watched you tube guides...I am taking the shot from the right location).2. The kill shot camera, while cool only deforms the bullet after it leaves the enemies body. For a game that claims to understand balistics to the nth degree that is a pretty glaring error.So all in all I got to kill two enemies for $10....that is $5 bucks an enemy. Not $$$ well spent."
,Recommended,238090,31757595,Posted: 14 May,all,Fext,This game provides good fun with impressive graphics and gameplay. The weapons and quality of the game overall is just as expected from a game like this.I highly recommend that you try this out and you will definitely have fun.
76561198140623192,Recommended,238090,35003918,Posted: 16 September,all,RangerLess,It's good i guess
76561197993288786,Not Recommended,238090,20415953,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Invest,"Well... it's really a good game technically but I don't like it. Fallout 4 is the much better sniper simulator than this game. In Fallout I wander the wastelands and kill monster from afar with my sniper and they have no clue what happens. In this game I need to search for one of 3 or 4 sniper spots on the map, wait for a generator to make a sound and then use my sniper. The rest is stealth kills and grenades.... that IS FUN in the beginning but I got bored a the end of the first mission.At the end of the first mission I wished I could just rush the enemies and kill every one of them withe something like a rocket launcher like in a good old first person shooter."
76561198091793275,Not Recommended,238090,31478735,Posted: 30 April,all,Haythem,the game wont stop crashing after 10 mins
76561198070546989,Recommended,238090,35065829,Posted: 19 September,all,Sanpo,"5/7 Camping Simulator! Very good nazikilling for relaxing. Would also recommend listening to some ASMR nazipunching sounds, while playing."
,Recommended,238090,17209297,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Ƥepsi™ Kit Kat ツ,"I got this on a sale. That is the ONLY time to get it. plus, this game wrecks your graphics card (or atleast mine)Still, great game."
76561197997373559,Recommended,238090,17223640,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,[cc] Nutter,"slow motion is great ,multiplayer is very good but to many hackers"
76561198079248769,Recommended,238090,17236284,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Blohsis,"I have to say that the game is beautiful, the mechanics work fine, and the x-ray from previous games has been taken up by a notch. I like. But this game is short. I played through it in a slow pace and in a blink of an eye I was giving the credits the eye. The game is not too challenging either, though this can be changed. I still recommend it to anyone who wants it. 'Tis worth it, at least for me."
,Recommended,238090,17249957,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Mah name mah jeffff.,Great graphic nc story :) .
76561198252770150,Recommended,238090,34147196,Posted: 10 August,all,BeaverTheMlgNoob,Too short but nice
76561198050969295,Not Recommended,238090,31730795,Posted: 13 May,all,как же все хуево,mediocre and forgettable
76561197970980367,Not Recommended,238090,32074279,Posted: 30 May,all,cherokeee,this game wont stay running ? keeps shutting off
,Not Recommended,238090,34217145,Posted: 13 August,all,eric,story is too short  online there are just too much ♥♥♥♥ing cheating  ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ !!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,238090,31871901,Posted: 20 May,all,roquemore92,"It's a fun game, but has mission breaking bugs that haven't been patched years after the developer was notified and even aknowledged and said they would fix them."
76561198046554883,Not Recommended,238090,34155681,Posted: 10 August,all,igame2much,"I like to play on authentic difficulty for the challenge and because apparantly I hate myself. What that means is if I die I have to start the level over. So you can imagine my frustration when the game crashes (has happened at least 3 times on the same level.) The game itself seems fun, but until the crashes are fixed, (With SE4 already out I have my doubts that will happen.) at the very least I would avoid the authentic difficulty."
76561198258198259,Not Recommended,238090,34159191,Posted: 10 August,all,StealthRooster,The game woundnt load properly due to a diretx error.
,Not Recommended,238090,31510883,Posted: 2 May,all,Church,"Put in a refund..I played the first 2 of these games at a friends house and loved them, decided to buy the third.This game crashes every 15 minutes and resets progressReally dissapointed, even got the season pass when I bought it because it was on sale."
76561198168739666,Recommended,238090,28096851,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,NaviTot,8/10without a great storyi loved it
,Recommended,238090,14989396,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Ginger Baker,"If you have played Sniper Elite V2 this game will be very familiar to you from the mechanics perspective. It is set in North Africa during WWII though. It is more of a graphical refresh than a refresh of the gameplay. So if you liked Sniper Elite V2 you will like this game. However, it does get tedious doing essentially the same thing every level. As a result I found that I had little sense of accomplishment by completing the game as by that time I had done what needed to be done many times over. Fun nevertheless. I should point out that those of delicate sensibilities may find some of the game disturbing. You see, when you shoot a soldier you get a dramatic cutscene of the bullet in slow motion entering the victims body or head causing much graphic destruction. Vicera Cleanup Detail anyone? So if you can stand the gore, like stealth and wanton destruction go for it."
,Recommended,238090,31471084,Posted: 30 April,all,EndersTitan,"8-10 rating: Overall one of the best sniper games I've played; challenging (not the typical yank sights up and shoot with most sniper available games) with each shot needing precision timing as well as proper sight adjustment. Highly recommend for those whom enjoy taking their time completing levels, yet offers just as much enjoyment pressing hard onto the enemy positions. Multiplayer too has its' challenges!Only negative feedback... weapons, yet I believe I've found more through the available dlc packs...Very Satisfied!!!!"
76561198089933978,Recommended,238090,35005178,Posted: 16 September,all,Plutie,a good slower pased shooting game. the multiplayer is just hanging around waiting for people to move so just stick to the single player.
,Recommended,238090,19594500,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,อุอิ,Good Game
76561197979521890,Recommended,238090,31217005,Posted: 18 April,all,Aakos,"Game crashes to desktop every 5-10minDon't care who's to blame. Could be Rebellion, Nvidia or Microsoft, but for now, it's still not fixedWait for a fix to buy, if they don't fix it, don't buy it :)Review Edit: The Nvidia 381.89 drivers seem to have fixed the crashes to desktop. Ready to play it     proper and give it a postive thumb up. Worth a buy and a play, especially if you see it on sale"
76561198069568901,Recommended,238090,24614696,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Lokasolo,Awesome game 10/10
,Not Recommended,238090,31436852,Posted: 29 April,all,Big Willy,no
,Recommended,238090,27177499,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,-Accuziddu,Exciting and realistic. Good feeling during gameplay
,Recommended,238090,31551483,Posted: 4 May,all,MrTrEXmAN,gj
76561198278449406,Recommended,238090,34079929,Posted: 7 August,all,jimgroudis,very good game love it :)
76561198081219721,Not Recommended,238090,18847683,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,John Bugosi,"this game is poo, the only tihng that was neat was the slo-mo kill shots."
,Recommended,238090,34247602,Posted: 14 August,all,Badee3,I dont know if it's a good thing or not but in this game you will think using sniper is easy WHICH IS NOT in real life
,Not Recommended,238090,18799051,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Iam_a_cow,"I like the game it and its story... But the game just don't work, the collison for grenades and Panzerfaust are more than 1 meter (in game) wide so you can't relly use them."
,Recommended,238090,21101246,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,now I'm going to cut our,Not bad game 🎮👍🏿
,Recommended,238090,21148277,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Sentinel,awesome!!!!
76561198040741357,Recommended,238090,21112839,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Othello,"The plot of this game is that there are Nazis within range of your high-powered rifle. There's probably more to it than that, but I wasn't paying attention. Whether I don't remember anything about the story because I played this game half drunk on a lazy Saturday or because the story was just that boring and/or superfluous, I don't know. I suspect it's a combination of the two. What I do know is that the day I need a reason to shoot video game Nazis in the face is the day I renounce my American citizenship and put down my controller. I do note that the story being set in Africa was a nice change of pace from the rather more common setting of ""3/4-exploded European city.""But, obviously, I enjoyed this game or I wouldn't have recommended it, and I'm recommending it for the gameplay. I'm not really a connoisseur of shooters, but I thought it worked well.For the most part, the maps are pretty open, and you're given substantial leeway as to how you're going to get your mission done. Generally speaking, I appreciated this, though it did lead to a couple rather absurd situations wherein I murdered every Nazi in the postal code before accidentally stumbling upon a checkpoint and being informed that I need to make my way through an extra-special dangerous area to accomplish a plot point. Then, the game plays really intense music and the protagonist (who has a voice like disinterested, chain-smoking batman) growls about being sneaky while I take a leisurely stroll to my objective among the recently deceased sons of the Third Reich.In addition to the maps being fairly open ended, so is the Nazi murder. Your rifle is of course your work-horse, but you're also given plenty of support weapons: pistols, machine guns, land mines, trip mines, grenades, and rocket launchers. So, while the game emphasizes shooting Nazis from far away, you are more than welcome to shoot them from up close and/or explode them.Relatedly, it doesn't seem like the game knows that it's giving you all this freedom. It gives you great number of tools, tactics, tutorials and terrain with an eye toward killing all sneaky-like, but most missions can be beat quite easily by finding a high point with a good view and decent cover and then just going nuts. You see, if anyone gets close to you, they can often deal a lot of damage very fast, but threats with a range comparable to your own are few (tanks or enemies with their own rifles or rocket launchers) and fairly far-between. The rest of them are left spraying wildly with pistols or sub-machine guns, gradually moving forward into closer cover or--more often--your bullets. This is about as effective as you would imagine, and a couple dozen Nazis will be doing well to do one bandage-worth of damage to you before they're all dead or rolling around on the ground doubtlessly wondering why no one thought to give even one of them a gun that could reliably hit a target more than 30 yards away.In sum: this game has its fair share of quirks and shortcomings, but I thought the mechanic were reasonably well-executed, and using them to shoot Nazis was fun enough to earn the game a recommendation from me."
,Recommended,238090,34505960,Posted: 26 August,all,Leon S Kennedy,Kuy
,Recommended,238090,31919516,Posted: 23 May,all,UnknownFurkan,superrr
,Recommended,238090,32865028,Posted: 27 June,all,V1k7oR -A-,"Really nice and good shooter game, multiplayer is a bit worser then the singleplayer."
,Not Recommended,238090,19552273,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Best Waifu,"IF YOU WANT A CASUAL SNIPER EXPERIENCE GO AHEAD.otherwise forget it.Because this game is about half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥infiltration (damn it's easy), high on weed ennemies (all my friends are dead? it's chill, ain't gonna push the non-existant alarm), terminator (when you kill 100+ ennemies in less than 30 minutes you kinda feel op), unapeeling dlc's (who needs extra ♥♥♥♥♥♥ guns that makes you even more op in a game where you are already op ?) and unrealistic ways to do your objectives (need to stop that shearch light ? managed to infiltrate your way to it, take your knife to sabotage the light..... nope, ain't gonna work. need to shoot on itfrom the front! It's the only way young sniper).Now I'm wondering why I can't shoot trough mountains, maybe that was too much for them.... hypocrits"
,Recommended,238090,16700168,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,MeGaPuRe,"Good game with good and smooth gameplay,but i shot someone in hes balls sometimes and i regret it.because of the bullet follow thing you will see hes ballsack and its parts very good xD10/10 would never nutsshot anyone ever again"
76561198067070400,Not Recommended,238090,31725809,Posted: 13 May,all,lalaphin,"Crushing every 10 or 20 min when you are saving or loading. Gameplay is kind of repeating and boring, sometimes naive. Don't buy."
76561198069937920,Not Recommended,238090,31754629,Posted: 14 May,all,mohammed.hadri,Its a awesome game but this game is full♥♥♥♥♥♥crashes its most be fixet if not don't buy it.Maybe i'm clear about my review.
76561198072872199,Not Recommended,238090,34126377,Posted: 9 August,all,mala,same thing  again and again....3
76561198037565250,Recommended,238090,10966113,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,DarkLord51,I own all the Sniper Elite games and i have enjoyed them all. There are a few things they can work on but all in all its a great game
76561198012374319,Recommended,238090,34732363,Posted: 4 September,all,Le Cid,An ode to sniping...Satisfying
76561198086522043,Recommended,238090,29707671,Posted: 4 February,all,twattymctwatface,lol good game but i had to torrent it to get it working
,Recommended,238090,11002200,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,LoganGreenJeans,The ragdoll physics are the only flaw i saw in this game 9/10...very recommended...and shooting hitlers genataluia is very satysfying...
76561198194095886,Recommended,238090,31477143,Posted: 30 April,all,ShadowCaster,"Really fun game, the game dosnt crash for me :)"
,Not Recommended,238090,14448562,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Aliandris,"Way too many small annoyances about this game.Sneaking around for hours trying to ghost the level 'properly' only to get spotted by a guy on the other side of a wall and losing hours of progress.  Lining up a perfect shot (with aim assist, so I know it's perfect!) only to pull the trigger and have the bullet just vanish (oh, but the shot still alerted the enemy, of course).  Laying traps for investigating enemies, only to have them stand in one spot until you finally give up, run out, and assault rifle them to death.  Sneaking up behind an enemy who is looking in the wrong direction for you only to have the 'all clear' come up three steps away and the first thing the guard does is turn around and look straight at you.  Enemies who appear out of nowhere in areas you've already cleared that immediately patrol straight in your direction, leaving you pinned between the enemies in front and the new arrivals.Also, there's way too much sneaking around knifing people instead of sniping.  By the time I even get to a vantage point I've stabbed an entire bus full of people and there's hardly anyone left to shoot.This experience has been mediocre, punctuated by brief moments of ""That's pretty cool!"" and absolutely riddled with moments of ""Oh go ♥♥♥♥ yourself""."
,Recommended,238090,34001077,Posted: 3 August,all,dildo |#SpiceCHiEF,"kind of boring if you're one of those people who cant stand repetition, but if you get it on sale its worth the 5-10 bucks or id even pay 15 if i havent seen this game go on sale so much for so cheap. i reccommend it, but wait for a sale."
,Recommended,238090,19541466,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,BIGSMOKE,Fun campaign  only  have 8 mission but it took a lot of time big open world my favorite  is the last mission  that thing is huge mutiplayer  is amazing  if u want  a  good  sniper game this  is for u but sadly no mlg quick  scope  no 360.     Wowwwwwwwwww
76561198022227587,Recommended,238090,22407063,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Big_Bad_John,This is a game you can play over and over and never get tired of it. Just hope Sniper Elite 4 is as good.
76561198138741079,Recommended,238090,23393882,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,theodorebelote,awesume
,Recommended,238090,23335013,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Disorderly DEUS VULT HEATHEN,"The game has good concepts and i love the multiplayer. The community for the most part is friendly. The game is easily spoiled by the cancer of the community limiting my games to No cross due to people who love to \'Bum Rush\', suprisingly it is usually only french clans that try this state of the art tactic of ignoring the aim of the game"
76561198310868048,Recommended,238090,23878282,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,God,best game ever 10/10
76561198118683767,Not Recommended,238090,12181441,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Countess,NOO it was laggie as heck i want my money back
,Recommended,238090,18024917,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,匚口尺几日口¥,Slow motion testicle busting at ~600 meters
76561198258938736,Not Recommended,238090,26472687,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Salt Dispenser,Gets really boring and how you approach things is quite limited to you shooting something that could easily be meleed tossed or rolled.
,Recommended,238090,20053096,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,WosselWozzel,Aight.
76561198269448366,Recommended,238090,34044048,Posted: 5 August,all,Adrenaline Nerd,Great game!
,Recommended,238090,10968735,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Grooted®™,"brand new added features like timed sound blockers (bangs from engines etc), better xray cam (it just soooooo good to get that headshot off). typical Sniper Elite gameplay but at a pace set by the player, objectives that can be done in any order, side objectives that you may never find. for example: finding a piece of intel that then gives you the option to kill another commander- lay a trap for him and continue on your way.... or wait for that perfect shot. its. all. up. to. you.i recommend this game, for both SE veterans and new players to the franchise. it runs great also, although there are a few bugs (what game doesnt have them?). it is very enjoyable, and i cant wait till a mate gets it so i can do co-op."
76561198009000488,Recommended,238090,13445127,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,2fatactualnotinegypt,scope line of sight and trajectory of round never line up unles on the easiest setting. Im no expert but i thought the M1 Garand was chamherd in 30-06 although in yhis game it apears to be chamberd in .45 acp.Beautiful graphics but ballisticks are definitly not realistic
76561198046685576,Recommended,238090,23801727,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Dandelion,I'll recomend it though barely. Buy it at a discount.generally a pretty fun game.... Yet...There is no shoulder swap button and it will put you at a disadvantage when enemies come from the right. This fact gnaws at the fun and annoyance turns to rage after a while. It's so dumb. What were devs thinking?
,Recommended,238090,24319759,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,GuyA the logang pauler (J&L)✝,Guy the gratest sniperoni ever
76561198027974618,Recommended,238090,14681177,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,ϟϟ FINkauhu Standartenführer,"REALNICE! If you like FALLOUT, sniper v2 then you gonna fall in luv wit this :)Realism can be put so high : no dmg ind, nothing indicated so need to listen and look all the time.. not walkin on BRANCH! it might SNAP!!! und ""ACHTzung lieben!"" ""das was nichtzicht xD"""
,Recommended,238090,14602879,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Cpt. Facetime,Shooting Nazi's in the nuts has never been so fun.
76561197985159091,Recommended,238090,14015713,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Bambi,"HYPER well made game ! And very beautifull .  But   0,7 hrs ,   then uninstalled !   I  not sure ,  feel  too childish  to me !  There is something missing (  i am 50 ) about WW2 and madness of the human race !maybe  i ad some wrong expectations !  Maybe this type of game is more trilling when use as Multi-player !But i am glad  that my money  end up  in the hands of a  Cie that sell something that is working and beautifull  !  Bravo nice work !  Keep up the good work !"
76561198111936039,Recommended,238090,25934541,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Ornstein,think of battlefield 1 snipeing but better
,Recommended,238090,16461609,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Ushio,Stealth yesAfrika yesSniper set yesMLG Quickscoper yesWW2 yes15/10 QUICKSCOPER GAME!!
,Not Recommended,238090,23765891,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,SwHJoKeR,"As someone who's never played a Sniper Elite game, i was expecting more...well sniping, me and my bro found ourselfs sneaking around stealth killing and shooting people in the head with pistols, if i wanted a co-op stealth game i would have got Splinter Cell. But it is a fun game if you're looking to play a stealth co-op game."
,Recommended,238090,11015847,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Jules,"It's exceptionally well made, great graphics and gameplay.Pros- Multiplayer is sniping paradise, tons of servers and a cool community- You can stealth through the whole game.- Gigantic well thought out maps, beautiful details- Historical detailed environment - enemies speak Italian, German, etc.- Optimized, beautiful graphics and high frame rates- Generally a very pleasant improvement on the previous release.Cons- More weapons I guess?  Not really a con for me, especially with the ability to customize them completely, even with reticles.- Hilarious ragdoll physics, anyone who has played knows.  While it's very amusing, not always realistic to shoot someone in the foot and then they do a flip in the air."
,Not Recommended,238090,32916811,Posted: 28 June,all,DimDamDuweeh™,"Refunded, not even worth the 5,59 on steam salem, keeps crashing."
,Not Recommended,238090,32687894,Posted: 23 June,all,IIIlII47IIIlII,"The game in single player is good but nothing special.The problems comes when you want to play in co-op.First problem is that you can't save mid mission in co-op. That wouldn't be that much of a problem if the missions weren't an hour long on average. THEN. the game crashes constantly in co-op with a 7700k, a 980 ti and 16gb of ddr4 ram. With these issues in mind I can't recommend this game."
,Recommended,238090,25711076,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,shaunmeintjes,I will definitely recommend this game to other players. We've had a great co-op experience so far.
,Recommended,238090,10892723,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Shady-chan,dis gaem be gud
76561198130821159,Not Recommended,238090,31444063,Posted: 29 April,all,im dumb,"i dont know why but i havent crashed once. But being able to actually play the game, its fun! However i cant reccomend it because most people arent being able to run it, so im not sure you should get it."
76561198029207381,Recommended,238090,11021803,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,TopŠosS,"Astonishing, awesome, beautiful, fun.... List is endless :)"
,Not Recommended,238090,33210980,Posted: 3 July,all,Velostodon,Unplayable because of constant CTD. This has apparently been a chronic problem with no solution since 2015 and Rebellion has been aware of it the whole time.Until this is resolved the quality of the game doesn't even matter.
,Not Recommended,238090,31091499,Posted: 11 April,all,sharkitark,"Let me make this clear before I say anything. I DON'T WRITE REVIEWS. EVER.This game is beyond terrible. honestly, why would anyone play a game called ""Sniper elite"" when all you do is run around killing people with big ♥♥♥♥♥♥ guns. HONESLTY. I killed 3 people with A sniper in the first 2 minutes then 20 minutes later im just roaming around killing people with a machine gun getting murdered for being spotted. Literally garbage 0-10Do not buy this if you want a good game."
,Recommended,238090,21879706,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,BBBB_pizzadipp,it teaches you anatomy get it
,Recommended,238090,32743234,Posted: 24 June,all,The Long Sniper,Real Fun Game. Recomanded !!!!!
76561197990348183,Not Recommended,238090,24622739,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Slovenly Sphere,"The fact that the words ""realistic"" and ""simulator"" were used in the advertising of this game makes me wonder what the world is coming to."
,Not Recommended,238090,32421552,Posted: 14 June,all,Ventus,"I cant get the game to run anymore, it just crashes at the startup"
,Not Recommended,238090,33080654,Posted: 1 July,all,Yomama bin Fartin',"Feels like a free to play game.Only one path in missions and the AI is beyond ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ even on the higher difficulties.Salty fanboy: ''But you only have 1.1hoursssssssss'' Yeah, nice attention to detail mate. But compared to Sniper Elite 1 and 2, this is shameful.Sniper Elite 2 feels better and more optimized compared to 3 (example: You can't turn right or left when the weapon change animation is rolling. So yeah, for 3 seconds you're only allowed to look up and down and that's very effective while changing weapons when running for cover xD nice design choice!)I did say that the AI is beyond ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, let me explain. You can literally dance for 5 seconds infront of an enemy and then go back into cover and then repeat, and the only reaction from the enemy is ''huh?''.Refund inc."
76561198109816099,Not Recommended,238090,33083296,Posted: 1 July,all,Sn1perL1fe,"Terrible controls, stay away."
,Not Recommended,238090,30007632,Posted: 18 February,all,-Adeptus- Niien,Crashes every 5-10 minutes with no error to research.
,Recommended,238090,10875129,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Moonship85,"So you are interested in this Game and want to know if its good ?If you ask me, i can say to you ; It is a good Game if you like Stealth-Action Third Person Shooters and WW2 Setting -First let me tell to you what games you may can compare to this,- Splinter Cell- Hidden and Dangerous- Commandos 3- Metal Gear Solid- Hitman 1 & 2So if you liked the games listed above then i think you also will like Sniper Elite 3 - and if you liked Sniper Elite 1&2 then let me tell you this game is a little bit better then theese areWhat i like ?- Nice GraphicOk the Graphic wont be the best you have seen - but it is good enough to play the game and it feels kind of realistic .The Night mission looks fantastic with a great atmosphere and the special effects are also good.- Stealth GameplayThis is one kind of the games where you really need to act stealthy, you cannot simply run and shoot trough the missions like call of duty! NO ! if you play on Sniper Elite difficult it really makes fun to stealth and it is really the only way to finish the mission - alive^^- Bullet CamWhat can i say ? The X.Ray Cam is so much fun and makes me fear of myself when i see my bullets hits balls,lungs ,brains and bones and make them broken or explode - really , i fear that^^- Big LevelsThe levels are really big and you can spend 1 or 2 hours with stealth progress till you have accomplish all mission objectives - there are also some side-missions like taking out spotting lights or trucks - wich is really cool- Level System and ExperienceYou gain EXP and Level Up , and the best is, you can level up in multiplayer AND singleplayer with the same character and it feels good that everything you make or kill is importent - because it gives you exp and you will rank up again and again -you can also find weopon parts in singleplayer campaign and then can modify your weapons for singleplayer and multiplayer with it - isnt that cool ?So - there are also a good Storyline, but it is not cinematic or hollywood like - it is more like a 08/15 story but it is okay -the gameplay itself makes the game fantastic !- You can take bodies and bring them to another point so that enemys will not see them and make alarm - like in splinter cell or hitman - i really like that ! its more realistic and stealth is fun ;DSo what can be better ?----------------------------- More weapons would be fine because you have only 4 Sniper Rifles to choose as i can see right now and only 4 MP Guns - that is not really much - and there are the same weapon mods for all 4 rifles - and theese are not that different anyway.So that could be more and better ;-(- Controls with Mous and Keyboard feels a bit slow and difficult,you will often keep hanging at rocks and barrels and something like this,also it does not feels very realistic how the character moves - this could be better !!!With a xbox one or 360 controller it makes a lot fun to play - but i dont recommend you to play with controller in multiplayer because aiming is no that fast as it would be with mouse^^- Some smaller bugs but no game breaking- Coop Multiplayer only is avaible with steam friends right now - but in the official manual they say we can play coop with friends OR wih online players - but there is no option at the moment to play with online players - so i dont know if it is a bug or if the manual tell us a lie ;D we will see if they will fix it because none of my friends have this game and so o cannot play coop - that really sucks ! I WANT COOP WITH ONLINE PLAYERS ! NOW ;DSo,at the end - it is a good game with nice atmosphere about a single elite sniper in special missions at the time of world war 2 in Africa - better then Sniper Elite 2 in some ways but no big jump or next gen game - but it makes fun if you like stealth games and coop-games ( hopefully with online players soon) with friends who also have this game-There are many achievements you can complete and some collectibles in singleplayer campaign-also there are some survival modes for single and coop and nice multiplayer game modes like a mode where the winner is the one with the longest distance kill - which is perfect mode for sniping ;DSo if you are interested in this game ! You can buy it , it makes fun - it is no broken or silly game like othersYou will have alot things to do and if you feel boring in campaign you can always play multiplayer or coop-level upTO BE THE BEST SNIPER ELITE EVERthx for readingMoon"
,Not Recommended,238090,30026545,Posted: 18 February,all,zildil,"ELIITEEEEE ELOITEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE KILL SOME JOYMANS, SHOOT THE REDDDGAME IS EUROJANK TRASH"
76561198230936524,Recommended,238090,23765823,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Popeye,Pretty good
,Not Recommended,238090,12281730,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Ruiner,Not as good story-wise as the previous game and not much new in it either.
76561198164560337,Not Recommended,238090,25098978,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,jack,They spelt Africa wrong
,Recommended,238090,25920252,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Chef,shot leafys deformed chin so thats a winner in my book
76561198118496779,Not Recommended,238090,14616861,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,snakejishi,"Simply, this is not a snipping game anymore!!! You rarely have to use your sniper, and the game does not reward you at all for snipping!!! You are encouraged to sneak, do stealth kills, and use your silenced pistole!!!If you fire sniper once, you have to retreat couple of meters until bar empties. and if you fire your sniper 2 times, then hae to retreat a bit more to make enemies go to their postions again!!! And the game keeps going like this to the end!!AI is so dumb, it does not matter what diffic setting you choose, each enemy moves in the same dirction back and forth!!!Most of the time you have to walk ducked down, becz the character will run without you using key or button, and enemies will hear you.No bosses fights, and no challenging events. It is purely a cheap stealth game that does not encourage anything new or tries to push you to think!!!Still worth playing for 10$ but not for a full price or even half-price"
,Recommended,238090,21045007,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,あRabbitR,What really sold this game to me was Hitler and testicle shots.11/10 would watch Hitler's balls explode again.
,Recommended,238090,16387587,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Espaba,10/10 would shoot testicles again
76561198035673952,Recommended,238090,11543134,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,RubberDuck,Got into Sniper Elite V2 when it hit the market.  When I heard 3 was coming I pre ordered it as soon as it hit the market.  Could not wait for this to hit my Steam 'mailbox'.  i have now spent 123 hours playing this with only the Hunt the Grey Wolf DLC and still have yet to really even hit the mutli player or the co-op and have yet to make all the achievements for the single platyer game.  I am loving this to the end and back again.  Al these players busting the companys♥♥♥♥♥about their lawsuit or the game only having 8 mission. well they need to go change their diapers and quit the whinning.  This is a SNIPER game its not a run and gun type of game.  You have to play stealthly or you gonna die.  Plain and simple.  You like to take your time with a good sniper game then you will be satisfied with Sniper Elite 3.  You want a run and gun type game then go to something else you won't like it.
,Recommended,238090,19677149,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Tedz,Its a must have if you hate nazis and if you like to shoot the brains out of nazi heads
76561198016397053,Recommended,238090,31916870,Posted: 23 May,all,The Wolfm@n:),"Wherever you are - on the battlefield, in the salons, in the office or at home - if you are well-scented psychologically, you can win the treacherous games of everyday life.Dead Zone Strategy: Create a sense of urgency, pressure and despairControlled Chaos Strategy: Divide forces into partsStrategy of Morality and Spirit: Turn Your War into the CrusadeCounterattack strategy: Exchange roles Battle avoidance strategy: Replace space for time Internal Front Strategy: Destroy them from within..."
,Recommended,238090,28121385,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,❌SAS-Nimrod✅,good story line
,Recommended,238090,25920545,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,۞۩KimR۩۞,one of the best games ive ever played
,Not Recommended,238090,28969526,Posted: 3 January,all,[MNI] NoobBoy,♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,238090,22293399,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,William J. Blazkowicz,"Sniper Elite 3 is a good game, but it isnt the greatest sniper elite game. I really enjoyed it, but the game felt kind of dull at points but all in all it was a pretty good game. The dlc is also pretty good."
76561198005128610,Recommended,238090,20981372,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,the Winter Warlock,"Well now that I have finished the 3rd installment of Sniper Elite, I am a fan of the franchaise. Well I was a fan after the first one anyway.So how do I begin to review this game.Let me start by saying that the gamemakers finally got most of this game on the correct track. After playing the first two, this one sort of forces you to play more as a sniper or face enemies coming down one you if you are spotted. There is also an XP ranking system within the game, so quiet sniped killes give you more XP than making the shot and alerting other soldiers. You have the cover of noise to help you AND enemies can now start to detect you. Just like in FarCry 3. If you have played that game,you will know what I am talking about. And if you are detected, you have to relocated. You don't have to, but it does help. You can also tag enemies with your binoculars, one by one. This does help in the game as well.A notable feature added to this game is the stealth kill. You sneak up from behind and make a silent kill with your knife. Again, like the takedown in FarCry 3. AND, the WELROD is your FRIEND!!!! Use it wisely.There are 8 missions all together, and within those missions, you have objectives and optional objectives to do. You will do wise to do all the optional objectives as well. But unlike in SE2, the missions take longer! I myself was taking about 1-2 hours per mission. I was even viewing Youtube to locate items for the game and it helped greatly. And the missions are not always easy. So you get a lot of gameplay on this one. I did this one in 30 hours. I did SE2 in 11 hours. So hence the difference.It's pretty much the same routine gameplay as well. But in the desert now. It was a nice change.Now for a couple of negatives....The graphics can be heavy. I was on lowest settigs and the first mission, the gameplay was choppy, it got better when you got out of the main battle and into the mountains. But could be my system, but just a heads up. The choppiness went away after awhile on the other maps. I only ran into very few instances where it slowed down.The ohter thing and this is NOT my system, I can guarantee you that. The players movements.It seems to be a half and half of the first two games. The first one having horrible movement, like if you were to just tap your direction key, you'd move a lot. This made it difficult to get angles to snipe at. SE2, the movement was a lot better, You could stop pretty fast from running and was able to make angle shots easier. NOW it seems that in this one, OK you can stop pretty easy, but if you are running and get caught on a corner or obatacle, you get stuck for a brief moment, just like in the first one. It's rather annoying that they did this and again, making tight angle shots and all you want to do is inch over... forget it... It's hard.But if you can overcome those small nuances, then you will have a really enjoyable experience with this game.Oh ya, the bullet cam... It's great still, but they made the bullet look too big now. It's unrealistic. It looks like dumb actually and at least with the bullet size in SE2, It was more realistic and believable.The only ONE other thing that was annoying actually was ending the missions. Ok cool, you had to maybe provide cover for an escapee or create a distraction. But a few missions required that you take out tanks. Kind of opposite of stealth here. Maybe it's me, but you do the whole mission perfect and in the end, you have to Rambo you way out sometimes. Not exactly the most ideal of things.Happy sniping!"
,Not Recommended,238090,21009647,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,x2Li,"Graphics is bad.Story is bad.Price is bad (46€ (-80% 9,19€) )The game have 8 missions !Game it's not completed, if you wanna play more need to but Seaseon Pass with (27,99€ (-50% 13,99€) ) and get another 4 missions to play.More good and more cheaper was Sniper Elite and V2."
76561198079521937,Recommended,238090,25892781,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,hptango252,Not bad 7.5/10Could really use a better story
,Recommended,238090,20710927,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,80'S MIAMI BOY,For me story is short yet awesome. Way to go for SE4! 10/10
,Recommended,238090,25915733,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Sir.Order,i like this multiplayer matchmakingmore camping more fun LOL
76561198050141423,Not Recommended,238090,29849348,Posted: 11 February,all,[FTM] Ninso,"Not worth your money, it will keep crashing, I tried every single solution i could find online and after 3 hours of trying to fix it, the game still crashes after 15 min of gameplay. Extreemly poor. Dont buy it, it has exactly the same graphics and controling the character is a tragedy yet again. I made the Biggest mistake buying it."
76561198064659184,Recommended,238090,16394839,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Bowser74,"Great action and the graphics are unbelievable.  Not that hard to play, commands are simple and easy to use.  Would recommend a controller, I have a Microsoft controller for Xbox and it is outstanding."
76561198087181680,Recommended,238090,11545641,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Bjojo,It's a very realistic game about the 2nd world war in Africa.
76561198028659394,Recommended,238090,10933738,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,[TAW] Nate Mc Bow,"Oh beleive me if you are one of those people who wants just a little bit of complexity in a game? YOU GOT IT. All those COD fans out there hate this game because it is ""Difficult"" or ""Impossible"".That is because they dont realize you should NOT run and gun in this game.Your a sniper. A ghost. Not a grunt.If you want a challenge you found it. Even me (Im a bit of an elite in stealth mechanics) had trouble handling this game at times. It requires alot of forethought and that is what makes this game very enjoyable!Oh and try to get a freind with you as well. Nothing is more satisfying than blowing 2 guys away quietly with 2 guns on them!"
76561197970369393,Not Recommended,238090,18629295,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Ænima,purchased this due to positive user reviews.....however I never read any......and theres the rub. after finding what a poor game it is I could hardly find anyone who disagrred with me. Someone likes this game but for the life of me I cant see why
,Recommended,238090,10940209,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,"""MMWHD""aC°",HITLER HAS ONLY 1 BALL!!!!!76843780236490326549054 / 1 -IGN
76561198074582085,Recommended,238090,11671648,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,agg,ço ii
,Recommended,238090,25182531,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,✔✪Carb1n3™ツ,You can shoot people's genitals15/1O
,Not Recommended,238090,19385559,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Георгий Мазута,This game isn't interesting for me. :(
,Recommended,238090,14386005,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Sambo,Yep. That bullet has in fact gone ALL THE WAY through his detailed anatomy. Very nice.
,Not Recommended,238090,23883805,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Literally Who,"I haven't had a bad time playing this game, and If you can grab it on sale I'd definitly say go for itHowever, unless you really have a hard-on for WWII games, or the cute little bullet cam in this game I'd just say get MGSV. Both offer a very similar expierience, but Metal Gear has much more polish and a much more open gameplay exprience. Notice how I only have about 3 hours. Well in those 3 hours I've come across more glithces, awkward controls, and restrictions then I have in all my time in Metal Gear Solid V. Not that I'm saying MGSV is a perfect game. That game had plenty of flaws, but Sniper Elite III and Metal Gear Solid V are very comparable in my opinion and Metal Gear is just better."
,Not Recommended,238090,26641758,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Fyve,"Pros:Large variety of weapons - Plenty of shotguns, assault rifles, pistols and snipers to choose from, no DLC required!Enemy AI is one of the best I've ever seen, stairs were no hassle for these chaps!Lot's of customisation regarding your weapons, especially your two sidearms, who would've though you could change the scope AND the stock of the sniper!Maps are amazing! Very large, makes me feel like a real sniper shooting from 50m away!Every mission has new objectives! One mission you are blowing up AA guns, the next you are blowing up stockpiles!Detection system is superb! Completely outpaces MGS in almost every way!Protip:If you want a hint from me, the best sniper is the Welrod, It's been my go-to for literally every situation and it's never failed me.Cons:pfft, whateverAnyway, I can't wait for SE4! It looks so much like this game it will be amazing right?!?!?! I hope the AI is even smarter at navigating the large worlds and the UI changes, would up my rating by around 1000 points!out of 1000000meh.EDIT: I forgot to say, but the story and voiceline was absolutely amazing stuff! I can't wait to see the characters they'll add in SE4!"
,Recommended,238090,25990520,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Bourgeoisie,Great Game. Fantasic storyline with excellent graphics
,Recommended,238090,30953278,Posted: 4 April,all,Λᴢɪɪᴢ,I recommend this game but I will never play it again.
76561198049790035,Not Recommended,238090,24103646,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Jason_The_Destroyer,"Rating2/10Yes, I have only played two hours, but that is because I am hoping to get a refund. If it is denied, then I will finish this game.Sniper Elite III is in the top five worst games I have ever played. Infact, I went and bought Sniper Elite V2 first because I wanted to play this but I didn't want to ruin the experience of the older game. Turns out that V2 wasMUCH, MUCHbetter than this, even with its near lack of any stealth and stupid AI.The level design is the worst aspect of the game. It just feels really cramped and linear, even more so than V2. What I finished of the story was really quite boring. Rebellion did well in most the stealth aspects (despite the dumb AI that forgets that they just saw their friend be brutally gunned down in front of them after a few minutes) but it felt really... forced. The game is far too difficult to complete unless you use stealth, and the only glaring problem with it that most of your time will be spent getting to the position to welrod people in the head or stab them in the neck. The sound masking is not extensive enough, so most of the time you won't even have a chance to use your sniper rifle, despite the game being called 'Sniper Elite'.The AI are improved over V2, but I would think that in fricking 2014 they would have the capability to make them smart enough to not be:Blind,Deaf,and forgetful as hell to the point where they can't seem to recall after a few minutes that there are dead bodies lying all around the place because a sniper has been shooting people up, and that they need to find this sniper and kill him.I would recommend in place of this Dishonoured, Hitman or Metal Gear Solid five. Even though I was not impressed by V2 or III, I am interested in the upcoming Sniper Elite IV in Feburary 2017, since from what I have read many of these problems have been rectified."
,Recommended,238090,31458247,Posted: 30 April,all,Purno,"I've been playing this game fine without crashes, and pretty sure I'm using an Nvidia driver."
76561197987813697,Not Recommended,238090,20461893,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Rex Dart: Eskimo Spy,There's no way a professional reviewer has ever played this game.
,Not Recommended,238090,16197018,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,мσтнєя _ѕσнαι,IT ♥♥♥♥ING LAGS WHEN IT GOES TO THE 3RD MISSION IDK WHY THE ♥♥♥♥ IT IS SET AS LOW PRIOIRTY IN THE TASK MANAGER THE PROCESSOR SPEED DROPS TO LIKE ♥♥♥♥ING LOW WHILE OTHER GAMES STAYS OKAY
76561198120766512,Recommended,238090,25958622,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,ace,Loved it ! very enjoyable !
76561198120633086,Recommended,238090,19261505,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Jagoff,Please don't buy this game.10/10
76561197976550093,Not Recommended,238090,14380642,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,JawaPowa,"Overall its an ok game, not worth the the price they are charging.  Wait for a sale.  Ballistics are a little wacky for the ranges you are shooting, for me I kept on getting frustrated with the amount of bullet drop over rather short ""sniping"" distances, under 150 meters, which doesn't require a sniper, and also the auto weapons bullet spread after very short burst and the amount of time it takes for it to return to center mass.  15 dollars is what I spent and i got my moneys worth out of it.  Haven't played all the way through and maybe i'll be pleasantly surprised if I manage to make myself complet it and if so will change my recommendation, but still....not for full price....like...half at least. Especially with lovely DLC's that make the game sooooo much more enjoyable right :D....*sigh*"
,Not Recommended,238090,19839049,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Dolan von Goobybitte,"Comparing this to V2, this game is meh. It doesn't feel like theres a war going on, every level is exaclty the same. You spawn in some outskirt of an arena like base, infiltrate base, do the thing. Tank/armor pops out of nowhere. Kill tank to leave. Win. At least in V2 you actually felt like a sniper observing a war and picking people off from a distance, even observing russians and germans fighting it out.This game its just you alone, and the game mechanics get boring."
76561198141230186,Recommended,238090,10966140,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Censored,Like this game so far
,Recommended,238090,20520915,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,76561197967193056,Good :D :D :D
76561198119025257,Recommended,238090,25906540,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,cmarsh83,loved this game. glad #4 is in the works.
76561198052351334,Recommended,238090,31474479,Posted: 30 April,all,Desculpa31,"hold breath for better aim... no thanks i cant miss form here... *shoots* well i hit one guy not the one i wanted though ... but a kill is a kill ...tank comes... inventory -> no grenades, no mines, no TNT... plan A disable driver and run away... if that fails... plan B RUN FASTER! XD"
76561197974240034,Recommended,238090,29788726,Posted: 8 February,all,Auum,It's amazing
,Recommended,238090,29805228,Posted: 9 February,all,sebby,10/10
,Recommended,238090,30978294,Posted: 6 April,all,BlackReaper csgobounty.com,Crash? Use window 8 then you dum faq
76561198054515901,Not Recommended,238090,31488201,Posted: 1 May,all,amihaita,One of the worst games ever played
76561198180670294,Not Recommended,238090,31063104,Posted: 10 April,all,AS02 eteretnoi,"discover games like sniper Elite no this time as I'm starting not to play until the game constantly repeats itself, if the skull when you shot someone in the first place, it's pretty neat, but repeating as it grows, people are starting to annoy you so you could say, I'd like to say this game is better sniper games you've played this game, do not shame your money"
76561198184733107,Recommended,238090,21827853,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,James Bond,"Bunch of Nazi dumbasses were climbing up a ladder to kill Captain, Captain stood next to the ladder and Jackie Chan all of them 1 by 1, no bullet wasted. Didn't even have to snipe any1 in a sniping game. 5/7 gr8 game, buy it m8"
76561198030030425,Recommended,238090,25137988,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,ŽČČŽŽŽČČŠŽŽČČŽČ,Very good sniper game and amazing bullet kill cam ;)
,Not Recommended,238090,11651283,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Shr00mZ | youtube,"When i play campain i always saves , next day i want to play the game, the saves is gone , therfor i want you guyes to fix this game or i want he money from the game!"
,Recommended,238090,16341461,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Mr627price,pros:+awesome graphics+awesome gameplay+great storycons:-kinda optimised-crashes alotscore: 8/10 gr8 m8
76561198149645793,Recommended,238090,24638940,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,kfirbs83,Excellent
76561198076270593,Recommended,238090,19909094,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Ameno,"Great game, awsome kill cams. 5/7, perfect score."
,Recommended,238090,20625174,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Chr0me_,It is just so good of a game!
,Recommended,238090,21328661,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Jewfro Boy 666,8======D 666
76561198154713572,Recommended,238090,14890656,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,epickiller,its a lot of fun
76561198081355588,Recommended,238090,11282430,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Arya,"This game is even better than the first one i played, although it was on a console the sniper 3 game is by far the best sniper game i have bought so far"
76561198073668287,Recommended,238090,18857478,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,[TW] Sgt. Rice Balls,BOOM HEADSHOT
,Recommended,238090,19868424,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Persesemi,Killed Hitler.5/7
,Not Recommended,238090,29775460,Posted: 7 February,all,WOLOLO,It was not doing this before...I crash before I finish the second title card.
,Recommended,238090,34025685,Posted: 4 August,all,Raging_B0n3R™,"Better than the first 2 multiplayer is awesome, a lot of camping required will definitely play again"
76561198263421009,Recommended,238090,24053265,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,jsnyman52,awsome
76561197992360443,Recommended,238090,31272766,Posted: 21 April,all,Dunnykin,"I enjoyed playing through the game for the most part, but came across too many bugs with enemy AI, and constant issues with getting shots to land.I only used the aim guide, so when you hold your breath a little red box appears showing where your shots will land. Sometimes when a shot looks simple, the box would never red, meaning that something invisible was blocking the shot.The other side of this is that the box would turn red, meaning it should hit, and yet pulling the trigger either did nothing, or the firing animation would play but no bullet materialised.Each of these bugs occurred too often (including in the shooting range), that I had no desire to chase all the collectables and challenges. One playthrough of the main missions was enough for me, and while I enjoyed it around 80% of the time, I have a hard time recommending the game as a whole. Get it on sale."
,Recommended,238090,31229168,Posted: 18 April,all,Mike Ladenfur,"Slomo cam, headshot."
76561198157190239,Not Recommended,238090,34102029,Posted: 8 August,all,Solohahn,Stupid game
,Recommended,238090,20539884,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Del Boy | TML | Trade.tf,"Awesome, game good campaign love the slow-mo's"
,Recommended,238090,32959905,Posted: 28 June,all,Nibenon,"Après avoir terminé l'aventure une première fois sur PS3, retrouver ce jeu sur PC ne peux que faire chaud au cœur. Malgré le nouveau venu de la série en Italie, changer entre Sniper Elite 3 et Sniper Elite 4 ne pose aucun souci. Les graphismes sont très jolis et appréciables pour un jeu qui commence à dater. Les mécanismes ne sont pas trop éloignés du nouvel opus et la durée de vie, bien que largement inférieure a celle de Snipe Elite 4, reste totalement acceptable.A acheter si soldé ou avec promotion"
76561198120283271,Not Recommended,238090,13463765,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,justin.s.patton,Cannot play game due to bug wherein I cannot kill the third spotter in the first mission. I can't progress beyond this point.
,Recommended,238090,16519078,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,(Deleted),meh.....
76561198042475625,Not Recommended,238090,32809708,Posted: 26 June,all,Orina,Kind of realistic but I was looking for a normal sniper game not a puzzle/running around the map killing everyone solo.
,Recommended,238090,33364694,Posted: 7 July,all,Spoon,BUNG BANG BOW GIT SNIPERED
,Recommended,238090,25092244,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,☢ MT ☢,"+Good Graphics+Big, open levels+Diverse tactics+Enthralling gore+Good Sniper Game+Good Stealth Game (Non-Stealth Way Possible but not as good as Stealth Way)-Sometimes Bad AI-Skeletal story8.2/10"
76561198011157476,Not Recommended,238090,24353431,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,LJ88cz,"Well, I didn't enjoy the game so much."
,Not Recommended,238090,19910371,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Skeet,Can't even start up the game anymore...
,Not Recommended,238090,19962728,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Ice.LemonTea-,This game is boring..too boring..I feel like arrhh...why i buy this game..
76561198069465728,Recommended,238090,12908805,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,BuddyJason,Too Awesome
,Recommended,238090,32426013,Posted: 14 June,all,ausmikeindo,killer game love it
,Not Recommended,238090,30421616,Posted: 9 March,all,DivineBloodline,"Short honest answer here is that the gameplay is amazing, fun, smart, somewhat new, and it is just good time. However, this game CTD extremely frequently so much so it is unplayable. Luckily there is a fix for this, but you have to roll back your Nvidia Driver Version to at least version 376.33. If you are experiencing frequent CTDs then that is the likely problem you are having. So check your Nvidia Driver Version.-Quote From Rebellion-""Nvidia has confirmed there is an issue with their more recent drivers that may be behind crashes some players have been reporting recently.They are working on a fix and we will try to keep you updated with any developments. For anyone with an Nvidia card experiencing crashes, for now please try rolling back your drivers to at least 376.33. Obviously this is not ideal, and is not intended as a permanent solution.""The roll back was indeed the fix I need to get this game running properly. No more CTDs:) However, I still can't recommend this game. While it is really fun, it is plagued by this CTD problem. Even though there is a fix for it... it is not a great one, and I can't recommend you buy this game at the moment. If they do fix this issue without you having to roll back the I do suggest you buy this game if you are on the fence about it. Hopefully, I will remember to edit this review if they do fix this issue."
76561198048300916,Recommended,238090,25118153,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,RogueWolverine,"MOST BEST GAME EVER, I LOVE THE PANZERCHECK (ROCKET)"
,Recommended,238090,27123311,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Opik,best gaem
,Recommended,238090,27127010,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,B.D. Gogu,Best game
,Recommended,238090,27134601,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,a̍̍̍̍̍̍̍,"this game is very nice , in this game is very nice stealththis game is very bad"
,Not Recommended,238090,32835497,Posted: 26 June,all,Pik,Should be called Pistol Elite.
76561198046065225,Not Recommended,238090,32169043,Posted: 3 June,all,d.devo,"Played about an hour of this game and its trash.... Glitchy, limited content (despite buying DLC's), poor graphics, and bad AI. I regret buying this game complete waste of money you are better off saving it. PLEASE DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!"
76561198006918553,Not Recommended,238090,32153172,Posted: 3 June,all,MON CHE,Crashes everytime!!!!!!!!
76561198170039711,Not Recommended,238090,31885426,Posted: 21 May,all,Ian0311,its does not support windows 10
,Not Recommended,238090,31869554,Posted: 20 May,all,shakamaca,Game crash simulator.
,Not Recommended,238090,34335420,Posted: 18 August,all,Cherryninja,Bought the game on sale.Played it for 45min.Refunded it.Got 5€.Bought 2 Cases in CSGO.Got nothing good.Still worth the refund.
,Not Recommended,238090,34123607,Posted: 9 August,all,nevoMM!?##,"1st shot: PHOAH WHAT, HEADSHOT!2nd shot: Does that do that every time3rd shot: How do i turn off that slow mo camera on every bullet4th shot: Okay this got old pretty quick22.9 gig download for an experience i could have had by youtubeing the first missionpiece of♥♥♥♥♥♥Also, if you're gonna do stealth do it right. My sniper alerted every ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ in a 10k radius and i had to result to a single shot pistol with minimal ammo to get around. Bad game is bad."
76561198087224391,Not Recommended,238090,32209596,Posted: 5 June,all,buruibuibui,"many systems are noob shi-t, so annoyingly bad"
,Recommended,238090,18298432,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,a negro boy,">Started campaign>Elite difficulty>Begin campaign>Try to quickscope>Realise this game is a legit, REALISTIC sniper game>Cry"
,Not Recommended,238090,29417319,Posted: 22 January,all,LMAO,Just play sniper elite 2 and stay away from this garbage.
,Recommended,238090,35047982,Posted: 18 September,all,Farouk™,Nice Game :)
,Recommended,238090,14541001,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Spizy Chicken,"LOVE IT!!! I own all the Sniper Elite games including Zombie series and it just gets better and better.They have improved everything in this game and added some new features too.It still feels like the other great SE games but new places, new maps, new features, and more fun."
,Recommended,238090,14440881,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Kapo,Great shoting mechanics. Everything else is just meh.
,Not Recommended,238090,34377158,Posted: 20 August,all,LuigiTheHunter,"Bad game, uncompareable with Sniper Elite 2.The graphics are not really good. The story is boring and the coops missions are soo lame..."
76561198025906777,Not Recommended,238090,31551639,Posted: 4 May,all,Coffee Kieran,"I had a blast with sniper elite 2, as well as the zombie sniper elite games. What the hell happened to this one? Its a glitchy mess, enemies spot you through walls, they can often shoot through walls, nothing feels right. I think they screwed everything up by trying to make it co-op or something. Even the bullet cam doesn't work quite right, I mean the wrong part of the skull will break off when you get head shots. Super dissapointed."
,Not Recommended,238090,31586542,Posted: 6 May,all,"Jens ""Kirurgen"" Trolldom",Still crashing all the time.
76561198216615047,Not Recommended,238090,31480787,Posted: 1 May,all,Dafkev212,TF
76561198014492379,Recommended,238090,19974188,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Michael Weston,"bought base game only, like it so much had to buy season pass..."
,Recommended,238090,21848401,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,RICHZZY,10/10
,Not Recommended,238090,34664670,Posted: 1 September,all,✪ MarksMan,"Unworthy,based on experience :("
76561198026912606,Recommended,238090,13462525,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,frenchy,t
,Recommended,238090,19346985,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Phil,"very good game, even thought i suck on multiplayer :P, the game is very easy to run and has great graphics."
,Recommended,238090,14387706,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Booty Hunter,BOOM HEADSHOT10/10
76561198092802767,Recommended,238090,25684946,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Dr Dave,pretty fun
,Not Recommended,238090,20584283,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,tmanwoody,it goes like this:
76561198243100704,Recommended,238090,34052132,Posted: 5 August,all,Z♥,Much Wow. Such Aim.
76561198210838216,Recommended,238090,31427209,Posted: 28 April,all,azizagusn17,it's so ♥♥♥♥ing cool
76561198198391265,Recommended,238090,25938748,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,SilentShot,fun but hard stelth
,Recommended,238090,25940166,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,αlpha,I pass my biology test with this game 10/10
76561198118800938,Recommended,238090,25967871,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Cpt. Link,very good craphics at my 9 year old shitcomputerexe and this game is so good at physics if you have sniper elitedifficul. and i get only this game+season pass for 18 e so thats why i buy this game without offer or wtf is it this would cost 70 e or something like that.All dlc with 18 e
76561198095119162,Recommended,238090,32690494,Posted: 23 June,all,☛๖ۣۜOG๖ۣSs๖☚,NICE GAMES
76561198071900175,Recommended,238090,25902928,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,mlskarton,First look is interesting.
76561198134438597,Recommended,238090,25956241,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,mdaniels292,It seems to be a great game for the price
,Not Recommended,238090,24583959,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Spades Neil,"Really just... incredibly dull and not fun. The levels are poorly designed and the enemies aren't challenging and the storyline just isn't all that great. Coop mode isn't a whole lot of fun either. The game is just not amusing enough to keep playing. It's just not any improvement over Sniper Elite 2.Go play Sniper Elite 2. It's more fun, and can be gotten on sale for much cheaper. This one just isn't fun."
,Recommended,238090,23749665,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Samsara,rocksolid
,Not Recommended,238090,26154264,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Kyle from NZ,At the release of this game I would of recommended it to anyone. But since most of the player base is gone all the servers are empty there isn't really much of a point to buy this game anymore.Pros- Great Sniping with wind and gravity- Awesome X-ray kill camCons- No player base- Overpriced
,Recommended,238090,23588539,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Zero726,10/10 i would shoot someone in the balls.
76561198070216902,Not Recommended,238090,23835834,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,maniaczac270,"I bought this game wanting to play it co-op with a friend....but co-op doesnt work in this game. And because i'd already played the campaign for more than 2 hours waiting for my friend, i couldnt get a refund when we treid co-op and it didnt work.This broken POS has had problems with its co-op since release and its still not fixed in 2016! Dont buy if you're planning on playing co-op, we couldnt get it to work. If you like long, boring singleplayer missions then this game is for you.   P.S. good luck finding a multiplayer match, could only find two populated servers with a ping below 300, and they were full."
76561198072809915,Not Recommended,238090,26308123,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Clueless 羝,I can't really play it. There's always a problem occuring when im opening the game. SML
,Recommended,238090,24003876,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,tequila,I can shoot germans in the testicles.100/10
,Recommended,238090,23775030,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Lathan,luv it <3
,Recommended,238090,20277288,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Im strange...,This is the game i play when my bf argues with me cuz i love shooting guys in the testicles its bloody fun
76561198116250140,Recommended,238090,25897986,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Deplorable Furry,When is this game not on sale?
,Recommended,238090,32210277,Posted: 5 June,all,Used Tissue,"This game was extremely fun and challenging! I'm not the sneakiest, but if you're good with stealthy situations, I really recommend it. Even if you're not stealthy, this game is really fun!"
76561198142937545,Not Recommended,238090,11098434,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Cheeseburger Eddie,What?! No sausages?!
,Not Recommended,238090,11144373,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,boneless,"Is it better than V2?  Probably.Is it worth buying considering V2 was free a month or so ago?  Probably not.To save myself from repeating too much of what other reviews have said, I will simply say, too little content for too big of a price.Yes, the bullet cam is pretty, and the performance has undoubtedly increased since V2, although a maxed out game is very very taxing, often dropping below 60 frames on my 2x GTX680s in SLI..  But it seems as though Rebellion has tried to save the pretty mediocre story, the generic, ""go shoot this person"" style of gameplay and the HUGE lack of content (4 rifles, 4 subs and 3 pistols, no more than 9 levels and huge lack of multiplayer and cooperative stages) by simply tying the whole mess together with the recurring Xray bullet cam, overall giving us a game that is not fun to play given the frustrating problems (objects failling to render at distance, predetermined paths despite quite large maps).  Add this frustrating gameplay with the overall lack of content and you'll be left with very few hours of fun and most likely an unfinished story.Side notes--A $10 DLC came free if you preordered the game at a $10 discount- a nice $20 off, but still probably not worth buying.-Weapon and mission DLCs available VERY early on.. as much as I hate to admit it, even Call of Duty offers more value in their DLCs-A personal annoyance is the way the sound masking works.. if you attempt to cover the sound of your fire with, say, a malfunctioning generator, this can be done.. but if one is to fire at the most MARGINAL time after the actual sound of the generator stops, the enemies will automatically detect you, even though if this were to work in real life (even though a backfire is obviously quite different to the sound of a gunshot), would they not  fail to recognise the shot after the backfires have finished due to lack of recognition of it being a gunshot?  EI, if a gunshot can be hidden amongst a similar sound, why can the gunshot not be disguised at any time if they were to just think the gunshot is a backfire?"
,Recommended,238090,21830801,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,MarurabaATX,"if you enjoyed Sniper Elite 2 then get 3, its set in Africa."
76561198114272546,Not Recommended,238090,19954931,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,KingSlayer,"terrible, terrible game"
76561197982900828,Not Recommended,238090,25950887,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,C0paface,Not a great game at all. Upgrades are minimal and lacks replayability. Played with a friend and pretty much ran through it in 6 hours not really playing the game properly. Good job I only bought it for £8 and not retail at £40.
,Recommended,238090,20329061,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,'Mercy,"Pro's :- Animation- Nice gameplay- Realistic-  2 ways of playing : Stealthy/All-Out- MultiplayerCon's :- Relatively short campaign.- Not worth full price, just buy it when its on sale."
76561198121737495,Not Recommended,238090,18281275,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Azerec97,Game tends to crash alot on my computer. i dont know why.
76561197970626846,Not Recommended,238090,23837505,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,greyhound,- repetitive mechanics- not engaging story- oversimplified ballisticsGot bored a few missions in.
,Not Recommended,238090,18335697,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Zips,THE CAMPAIN IS SO SHORT BEAT THIS GAME IN 1 DAY! AND FOR 54$
,Recommended,238090,23782406,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Grimi,"As all previous Sniper Elites, buyed on full price, buyed all map's DLCs, difficult Authentic, finished everithing in solo and coop... still describe it with one word: *DAMNAWESOME*...are you still there? What are you waiting for?!?! GET IT NOW!!!!"
,Recommended,238090,28137560,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Chronium CSGOGEM.COM,Ffs
76561197975671945,Not Recommended,238090,14368806,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,len350,JUST PLAIN STUPID
,Not Recommended,238090,30711056,Posted: 24 March,all,HipHopHendrix,dont buy
76561198162764966,Not Recommended,238090,24469366,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Mike Litoris,"The follow bullet thing is cool but it happens for every single sniper kill. youre required to kill 50 people a mission and to watch it 50 times a mission is annoying. AI is terrible, story is horendous and so is the voice acting. I only pushed myself to finish the story because I sent the money and I didnt want it to be a waste."
76561198210226212,Not Recommended,238090,14369385,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,ALPHAA_1,Download take SO LONG! Ridiculous!  4-5 hours? Just hope it loads the 1st time correctly or ... It's not because of an issuse at my end. It'a been checked and my systems are 100%
76561198185301186,Not Recommended,238090,20846694,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,vodka,NOT GOOD
76561198115360163,Recommended,238090,19376421,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,fat garlic man,Came for the testicle shots.Im pleased.
,Recommended,238090,25895128,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,AmBoxerDog1,Awesome!
,Recommended,238090,21296622,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,TrunDurPalace,Actually what was a good sniper game you have here!!! Can i get it for free? No? F*ck you...
76561198026120042,Not Recommended,238090,22440795,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Noir de Sheep,"Allies propaganda, do not believe their lies. Hail Hitlah"
76561198164662279,Recommended,238090,28765835,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Rudy samuraiu #SEPPUKU,ONE OF THE BEST SNIPER GAMES!!! WORTH
76561198353863202,Recommended,238090,31431124,Posted: 28 April,all,Irfan Haziq [PGMY],bestest game
,Not Recommended,238090,33837065,Posted: 27 July,all,XmattbeeX,"What happened? Maybe I got stuck on a crap mission, but being told to do a stealth mission in a game where you're supposed to be sniping with a LOUD gun means it's no fun at all. Very disappointed (I loved 2)"
,Not Recommended,238090,34079048,Posted: 7 August,all,Krypton,dont get this game untill the fix it it does not launch dont get it
76561198277964543,Recommended,238090,34003289,Posted: 3 August,all,sam-454,Grate game overall
76561198163869280,Not Recommended,238090,29129188,Posted: 8 January,all,Horsey Horsington,Sniper Elite 2 in AfricaI'm not even joking this is the exact same game
,Recommended,238090,18264276,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,NikWuD,"Good game, with good graphics"
,Not Recommended,238090,29929244,Posted: 14 February,all,Bawls of Steel,"piece of garbage, do not buy."
76561198283368127,Not Recommended,238090,33279845,Posted: 5 July,all,Sassy the Sasquatch,"Easy mode might as well be the hardest diffuculty, two bullets and you're dead. Impossible to stay undetected and then you die instantly! And the saves are bugged"
76561197971443627,Not Recommended,238090,18260630,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,KEEPwalking,"After you played MGS5 TPP this game is waste of time, both in africa but metal gear is way much better,trust me or search from youtube , bye"
76561198110744954,Recommended,238090,25926442,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Linuxen,AMAZING GAME!!!! You can pop peoples balls!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198095953450,Not Recommended,238090,33263772,Posted: 5 July,all,Terminator@pvpro.com,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ta gra nie działą Góno♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,238090,25890843,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Dreadlok.TV ™,Sniping an enemy in the sack never gets old. Ever.
,Recommended,238090,25912945,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,레이디,40/10
76561198182083958,Not Recommended,238090,31569177,Posted: 5 May,all,ecorey45,fun game when it wants to run right but it crashes super hard
76561198157743152,Not Recommended,238090,31608834,Posted: 7 May,all,=I=SAVAGE=I=,keeps crashing making it a complete pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥needs fixing
76561197990084056,Not Recommended,238090,31524391,Posted: 3 May,all,RainbowKiss,"VERY short story, this game will give you about 5-6 hours of game, fun to co-op the story tho waay too short"
,Recommended,238090,21586742,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Phishing Master's Taco Box,I eliminated more people with landmines than firing my sniper rifle in PVP matches.10/10 would set mines behind windows again.Edit:I guess those people who host servers for PVP matches have read my review. Now mines are banned in many servers. Sigh...
,Recommended,238090,25398013,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Phantom Lord,Buy this game.
,Not Recommended,238090,34693229,Posted: 2 September,all,Matt,Never got bored so fast
,Not Recommended,238090,13418851,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Lerppa Kulli,i just want to say.. ♥♥♥♥♥est game what i ever played.
,Recommended,238090,15006792,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Joker,"It's a really gr8 game. After Rebellion's blunder in Sniper Elite V2 I was afraid they would do the same here, but they have improved a lot.I'm not sayin its the best stealth game out there but it sure is a good one and worth the money.The X-Ray scan kill is gory and fun to watch as ur bullet pierces into Nazi hearts,kidneys,livers,lungs,brains,intenstines and testicles(Challenging to get but fun to watch).Story is Ok(meh).Got decent Graphics.Got 8 missions but each one is huge and has a large map and there r various ways to fulfill an objective.The enemy AI is stupid(but not as stupid as Ubisoft's).Though it's actually a stealth game,Run & Gun is a very much an open option.There r some glitches but r minor ones.Overall: 8/10;Learnt more about the human body in this game than in the Bio class"
,Not Recommended,238090,33391055,Posted: 8 July,all,Random Guy,"Got for 5.99 which is a steal, however I'm used to FPS games, rs6, cod, etc. Only other 3rd person I play is unknown, I have to say I did not enjoy this game. the way the camera moved in 3rd person was very dislikeable. If you like 3rd person you'll like this."
,Not Recommended,238090,11055317,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,LordRipper,Sh** game
,Recommended,238090,25940381,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Unforseen Liquid Emission,"A fun sniping sim marred by serious technical problems, and fickle AI.Was good fun right up until the game decided to overwrite my quicksave with an autosave during a failure state (yes, the game actually autosaved when I failed a crucial objective) and overwrote the ONLY quickload slot it gives you.Epic programming guys."
,Recommended,238090,25917048,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,K Vlogs,Its a awsome game u just need to spend it once no in game skins
76561198271950400,Recommended,238090,25330978,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,*The Real*,Shot hitlers balls off then refunded the game
,Recommended,238090,16442323,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,MIKLO,"Bought this, shot the balls of a dude, closed it down, and got a refund. 10/10"
,Not Recommended,238090,26722164,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,23154615,I got VAC ban for Family sharing.I played just 2hours like 2 years ago .Whoa Thanks !
,Not Recommended,238090,25398757,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,dead_inside,It is really cool to watch the bullet cam and see it go threw the enemy... but after your 30th shot it is just repetitive and boring.
,Not Recommended,238090,26889887,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,AaRoNN^,u
,Recommended,238090,32440816,Posted: 15 June,all,Seeqa,11/10 Would get banned for 30 days in the discussion page for asking about how to use the cheats again.
,Recommended,238090,32038841,Posted: 29 May,all,JERRY_LaW -M- NTC,gd
76561198130112383,Not Recommended,238090,25965877,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Ducky,very BAD
76561198233157588,Recommended,238090,33212859,Posted: 3 July,all,10 Fps CsgoGem.com| CS.Money,"If you are reading this, then you are wasting precious time reading the comments. You will probably comment or like this, but you will waste more time. You are now thinking what I am on about, probably thinking that I am on something. However you are just wasting more time reading my comment. I have just wasted precious moments of your life that you could have spent sleeping or smoking weed. If you just realised, I have wasted more time explaining that I have wasted time. For this reason you might as well like this comment, as you might as well waste more time. Thank you for your wasted time."
,Not Recommended,238090,23447972,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,[-NoE-] papanurgle,"Well, this was surprisingly dull...Sniper mechanics work well enough. Playing with the aim assist on feels like cheating and playing with aim assist off is hard when you have bullet physics. Aim assist off for me and all good so far.The problems then.All missions feel the same. Trying to cover the sound of your gunshot is annoying because on a lot of missions the noise sources needed are annoyingly scarce. You might have to wait for an airplane to go by so you can sit there waiting for what feels like ages before you can shoot. Now, I would be fine with the concept to set up position, take aim, wait for opportunity and take that one shot that mattered, but you really never do that. The mission always force you close to the enemy when your favorite mean of taking out your enemy is long range.Enemy AI is pretty dumb. On higher difficulties they spot you faster but they still forget about you soon after. It felt a bit too easy (although annoying) to just relocate. Or if there were too many enemies: lie down and snipe everyone once they came after you.Also railings. Never crouch and shoot behind one or the bullet will just hit an invisible hit box around the railing.On a positive note the game looks good and runs great.Can't recommend this. Repetitive and boring. I just wanted it to be done with it for a while. The mechanics are there but the missions let the whole game down. Maybe the DLC missions are better but I won't gamble on that."
,Not Recommended,238090,34170207,Posted: 11 August,all,wilczur,"Played it with my bro on cadet, we finished the whole game (8 missions) in about 17 seconds. Tried harder difficulty, enemy spotted me through 12 walls, rage quitted.Very good ending, the only better ending I can think of is Sniper Ghost Warrior."
76561197987237619,Not Recommended,238090,15361573,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,[ZiiP] SUPER.HOT,"Took everything that was great about the Sniper Elite series, watered it down and added lots of DLC."
,Not Recommended,238090,21685377,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,(Strai),"★★☆☆☆Mediocre at best, broken at worst.Likes:Xray killcamSlowmo aim modeDislikes:Clunky cover systemNo Xray killcam in coopCustomization is lacking/pointlessGame breaking bugs on multiple levelsSprinting destroys accuracy for a while afterwardsStealth for a sniper with no silencer, take a guess at how that plays"
76561198106955134,Recommended,238090,31403506,Posted: 27 April,all,TeamBreezy WUMuSs Jason,操作方面稍微有别于Elite4，其他的也都还不错，DLC也算精致，可以等到打折的时候入，V2我就是等昨天打折才买的，4的话真的不错，我先玩儿的4、3、V2酱紫，可以从V2开始玩儿，会感觉一点儿点儿在进步在改善！希望快点儿出5！！！！！有没有中文不重要，这个游戏就是要英文才真实！！！！
,Not Recommended,238090,25950658,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,AwfulWaffle,"Fun for the first hour, then you just get bored of slowly progressing through each stages.  It just becomes a grind getting through each stage.  So much to the point where I just said ""F it"" and treated this game as a standard shooter and used my sniping skills only when the game needed me to do.  It's bad when playing a game you start thinking ""what else could I be doing right now instead of this?""Another thing that bothers me is that this game doesn't have the balls to have swatstikas in it.  I mean the Nazi army was the most evil army in the world so not having that reminder that I'm fighing against them really lost my interest.  I know that it's minor but I had to keep reminding myself who I'm fighting against to keep what little interest I had in the game.  Without that symbol of evil staring me in the face, knowing I had to defeat it, it just felt like I was fighting generic bad guys conjured up by SJWs so a minority of people wouldn't be offeneded.  You can throw out all the Gererals names you want in the cut scenes but without that reminder of who you're fighting, the game just felt watered down.  If you are going to make a period piece video game, commit to the whole story and don't worry that a few sensitve people will get offended or triggered."
,Not Recommended,238090,30065580,Posted: 20 February,all,vindicar,"Bugged tutorial mission.Nuff said.The game clearly hasn't been tested properly (at all?)If you really want to play, torrent it. But don't waste your money."
76561198106830909,Recommended,238090,25916265,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Rho,I decided to play Sniper Elite 3 for the first time on Authentic.Turns out that thanks to aimbot my aim sucks.10/10 would run out of ammo on Siege of Tobruk again.
76561198030555794,Not Recommended,238090,12402802,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,ebtek,"W A S  an interesting game, but then it suddenly stopped working so........why bother to waste your $$$$ purchasing it ??"
76561198043576276,Not Recommended,238090,16574468,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,GosuPat,
76561198107644177,Not Recommended,238090,23076303,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Elori,"I'm trying to play this game, but it crashes every single time it loads up, so I went to go re-install it, but it's going to take 7 hours so how about no. Bought a game for it to crash every time I try to play it, solid."
,Not Recommended,238090,29914560,Posted: 13 February,all,Alyx,"Sniper Elite III is a game about killing forigners that engage in the use of non-freedom units (the metric system).I always sorta wanted to play this game, but I'm glad there was a free weekend because it saved me $5 from actually buying it.It's pretty trash so don't bother unless you've already played the masterpieces that are HuniePop, Squishy the Suicidal Pig, and (10 cent game from the action games category on Steam)."
76561198006891035,Not Recommended,238090,32941218,Posted: 28 June,all,ChimChimineeCheroo,Bought this game to play with a friend unfortunately it wasn't an enjoyable experience
,Recommended,238090,25894282,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Molothecat,help i'm trapped in this cage and only have the steam app on my tablet
76561198076331925,Recommended,238090,31391732,Posted: 27 April,all,Oekk <3 Ibaaaad,good game <3
76561198038798345,Recommended,238090,25897984,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,mcriver,sick game bra. pop the nazis
,Recommended,238090,25947931,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,GuiX6X,MT MT♥♥♥♥♥♥!!
76561198014327010,Not Recommended,238090,11129343,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,lestat1911,sucks
,Not Recommended,238090,27384182,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Refreak,"Honestly,Couldn't find any major difference sniper elite v2."
76561198110455295,Recommended,238090,33595229,Posted: 16 July,all,YA0NEL,Крутой симулятор убийства
76561198085422810,Not Recommended,238090,30067148,Posted: 20 February,all,Hatebringer,I played nearly 60 min and game crushed more than 10.3 times i had to restart windows. I tried every recommended solution but doesnt work.Just stay away from this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and think twice before buying Sniper Elite 4.
76561198077754623,Recommended,238090,34020866,Posted: 4 August,all,Blackvortex,This game is so good!
76561198073117561,Recommended,238090,28766512,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Jacket,got banned for wiping a whole clan on thier server10/10 new breed of salt
,Not Recommended,238090,35102285,Posted: 21 September,all,inu,"this game is the worst sniping game the camera is bad, you cant optimize your sniper almost at all only a few, no silencer if you shoot from a bush the bulet is not passing from my exp with shooter game/sniper i think this is the worst from all of them"
76561198329681017,Not Recommended,238090,32008574,Posted: 27 May,all,Cinnamonbo1,"Isn't the gimmick of this game to snipe enemies?? Anyway most of the time i felt like i was playing splinter cell or metal gear, so the game is more focused on stealth and objectives rather than having your enemies get REKT by your sniping Skillz. The game just doesn't feel satisfying there is too much cover so you can't really snipe all that often. I found myself crawling on the ground sneaking more than i  was sniping enemies."
,Not Recommended,238090,16747797,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,sandlionman,"This game had a ton of potential and I really liked Sniper Elite v2. The graphics in this game were better than v2 and once again the mechanics had a LOT of potential and although this game made me want to play stealthy through the introduction of binoculars, the tagging system, more uprgrades, ghost mode/evacuating areas, steath executions, and  hiding shots through sounds I just could not continue to play this game. I encountered way too many bugs in the short time I played and the lack of settings customization left me just annoyed and burdened, a huge feature for every game if you have 2 monitors is borderless windowed mode and there was no option to change to that at all I had to press Alt + Enter to just get it into windowed mode and after a while of that my cursor would stop working when i would Alt + Tab out to access other windows on my second monitor. Another complaint I had was that the simple basic feature of swapping the your character is on relative to your screen was not available and it made playing uncomfortable and is not that hard to add in. The amount of glitchyness in this game is what made me finally quit and I was really looking forward to playing this after playing v2."
,Recommended,238090,24526573,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Steven Johnson,"Okay wise guy, who's idea was it to make a bolt action pistol? Imma kill ye.I wonder why I can have a suppressed gun, and a full auto gun, but not a suppressed full auto gun.This game is great, the balistics are difficult but supprisingly easy to use. The only thing I canreallycomplain about is the movement. It is rather sketchy and geometric. One thing I love is attacking tanks, it's a challenge but it's hilarious to see it catch on fire and watch them try to climb out like a clown car. I love Rebellion's games but I just wish they would leave WW2 alone, they got about 7 games like this, all in WW2. Go modern, guys. WW2 is awesome but modern would make you millions due to your huge fan base and the technical superiority compared to 1940's weaponry. I swear, I will throw money at you like a AAA stripper.The ending is great too, pretty rewarding watching everyone die. I say, never buy this at full price, if it's over $15, then I'd say RUN!!!! The game is great but the gameplay is left with only 8 story levels, and 3 DLC ones which have bad reviews. There is multiplayer (but I don't do that) so I can't judge that. I recommend waiting for a sale or check♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,238090,12155399,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Salty Bastard,that was a cool story can you tell it again sure
,Recommended,238090,33859537,Posted: 28 July,all,polystation12,Ooooweeeeee guns arnt fun
,Not Recommended,238090,18024399,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,🌟 Milky Chews 🌟,The shooting in this game is ok but not realistic at all and the movement is so clunky it ruins the game. I refunded this game.
76561198046887561,Not Recommended,238090,34012817,Posted: 4 August,all,Zack,"Playing this game stelth is a nightmare. If you move standing up within 40 meters of the AI they will hear you, If you pick up a body they will hear you, if you hop a 3 foot gap they will hear you, if you drop off a 2 foot ledg they will hear you. If you are trying to kill them silently after they walk out of cover 4ft infront of you they will see you before it is possible to even see you. This game is called Sniper Elite, I've used my sniper 1/3 of the time. Sometimes the AI will see you through cover.  Also the game is 3rd pirosn and it doesn't have a shoulder cam swap."
76561198059679005,Not Recommended,238090,14218628,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,HolyDiver🤘,Extremely repetitive gameplay and just too linear for me to enjoy. Its also still quite buggy and overall boring.Maybe you want it for the multiplayer idk.
,Recommended,238090,32020041,Posted: 28 May,all,keNz,Geting killed simulator !
76561198272371301,Not Recommended,238090,23797089,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Fick,Doesn't work on Windows 10. Freezes and autocloses everytime you die.
,Not Recommended,238090,25919892,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,NQSTN | bubuun9,Ожидал от этой игры большего.
76561198085391841,Not Recommended,238090,15670598,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Grossout,I lost my interest in this game when I realized bodies dissappear after saving and loading.
,Not Recommended,238090,14352369,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,1BirdyTheMighty,"not imersive at all god dam 3rd person view, all it does is get me nauseous."
,Not Recommended,238090,33240135,Posted: 4 July,all,SeVeN Pills,"The game is ok but the optimisation of the co-op play into the campaign is♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ The seperate co-op mission are really well done... BUT THERE IS ONLY 3 OF THEM!!!In addition to that this game has a lot of bugs, terrible checkpoints and an unstable framerate. Do not buy unless it is $2 or less, it isn't even worth $5.The multiplayer is disgusting too."
76561198208182996,Recommended,238090,31475833,Posted: 30 April,all,The X Factor,This game sucks
76561197970655913,Not Recommended,238090,29815314,Posted: 9 February,all,jztemple,"Stuck on the Siwa Oasis mission where a well known bug keeps failing the mission for me. No work arounds, just vague suggestions to restart the whole map again. No thanks."
,Not Recommended,238090,28352428,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,BRUHsuperdankmemes,dum
76561198054806942,Not Recommended,238090,16320491,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Feedsage6,Not fun.
,Not Recommended,238090,34887446,Posted: 11 September,all,Gorman Freedon,"Just the same siht as the other versions. Sooner or later, enemies kill you whatever you make. Version V2 was crap, version V2 Nazi Zombies was even more crappy (Zombie magic when you focussed your rifle), and V3 ist not better. Shame on the developers. Why can't you simply make a fair game??"
76561198040094078,Recommended,238090,31363665,Posted: 25 April,all,Woker123,good game but horible endinge scene MURICA END EVIL SIENCE NAZIS WRITEN ALL OVER IT
76561197975153692,Recommended,238090,25891584,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Black IV AC4 Classifield M.2,Its a nice gaame
76561198308689656,Recommended,238090,31424384,Posted: 28 April,all,Valy,"verry good game ,"
76561197966203934,Recommended,238090,25891574,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,[b00n] §³{(- -)}Punisher{(- -)}§,Booooooooom Headshot. 10/10
76561197989851119,Not Recommended,238090,11041159,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Humble Water Filter Salesman,Worst game ever 0/10 I would rather die of ebola.
,Not Recommended,238090,31827444,Posted: 18 May,all,Hush,"*Boom* *Boom* *Boom* *Boom* *Boom* *Boom* Hey look, the story's over."
,Not Recommended,238090,10881487,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Anna,What a disappointment. Very poor stealth mechanics.
,Not Recommended,238090,25943923,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Epicfailio1,"designed for the console,♥♥♥♥♥♥even with a controller, please dont waste your time with this game"
76561198272101472,Not Recommended,238090,33353282,Posted: 7 July,all,Turtle,I don't like anything about this game.
,Not Recommended,238090,23523842,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,PICKLE RICK,"I loved sniper elite V2, but this game got extremely boring very quickly."
,Not Recommended,238090,28746833,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Duppys.,First sniper elite game I have played and most probably the last. Clunky game mechanics and very repetitive levels make this a not very interesting game to play.
76561197996600320,Not Recommended,238090,25941185,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Fallbranch,"worst controls ever, you can spend hours in the menu's, but nothing will helpthe story is some american exceptionalism ""michael bay"" propaganda"
,Not Recommended,238090,27397573,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Tony12w09,"Unreal turn control physics. When the player turns around to aim the rifle, he/she can do it instantaneously 360 degrees. Normally, a human being needs to turn his whole body around, with full motion, in order to change their direction.Stuck on 3rd person. I don't know a way to change my view. I am stuck in 3rd person view. Can't the first person shooter view be implemented? It is something that I am not used to.Easy AI bots. The bots aren't difficult to defeat even in the highest difficulty setting, ""Authentic"".There are some good points.Good graphics. The graphics feel smooth and I don't notice anything choppy. The graphics look modern.Good death animation. We can watch how the internal organs are damaged in the kill camera.Tactical. We can communicate with our teams to locate and kill enemies. We can setup explosive traps, for example, in many different locations. The maps are large, detailed, and complex."
,Recommended,238090,33921588,Posted: 30 July,all,Elang,hardest stealth sniper war german nazi cool x ray shot game in my ♥♥♥♥♥♥ life.
,Recommended,238090,25890768,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Litl Shnek,"Buy fast AF boi, it´s great and only 10 euros during this weekend!!!!!And remember, ниет оверехтенд."
,Not Recommended,238090,28897941,Posted: 1 January,all,mrman1125,Rather have brain cancer than play multiplayer
,Recommended,238090,31424291,Posted: 28 April,all,ZyborgTheGopnik,One of the best Ultra Mega Über Super Realistic Sniper Game. Or the UMÜSRG for the lazy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. Pew pew.
76561198170026042,Not Recommended,238090,32494455,Posted: 16 June,all,Legal Tender,its not what i was expecting at all the story is kinda fun but online is very slow placed
,Not Recommended,238090,32070644,Posted: 30 May,all,whip dat hoe,"Game is alright, but 5 and a half hours campaign is just not enough anymore, no matter how good the game is. Only recommended if its on sale."
76561198196143638,Not Recommended,238090,23923878,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Devilreturn,Loved it
76561198099556138,Not Recommended,238090,33932527,Posted: 31 July,all,ZRemmington,"The game feals Generic and boring, especialy when compered to sniper elite V2 which has a much tighter focus then 3 which suffers from having a semi open level desighn"
76561198139604871,Not Recommended,238090,25947975,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,TheFlyingCommunist,Just a bit dull really
,Not Recommended,238090,24249607,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,DlNaTaLIe,This game is a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥!
,Not Recommended,238090,33035229,Posted: 30 June,all,fAte;@pvpro.com [ESB.RS],ASDSAD
,Not Recommended,238090,25940877,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,DiscoChips,This should have just been a free to play game considering how terribly broken it is.
,Not Recommended,238090,23923812,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Exponentium[DZ],"Simply bugged, that's all I can say."
76561198084920518,Recommended,238090,28738618,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,asso69,"GET RID OF TAGGING    WHERE DO YOU USE TAGGING IN REAL WAR   BUNCH OF BULL♥♥♥♥E  ANYONE WHO PUTS TAGGING ON IS A CHEATER      THE MOST STUPIDEST THING ABOUT SNIPER ELITE 3.    THESE CHEATERS CAN""T WIN WITHOUT CHEATING  IT SHOULDN""T BE ALLOWED   GET RID OFF IT YOU♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,238090,33007627,Posted: 29 June,all,THICC BUTT,"For a game called ""Sniper Elite"" there really isn't much sniping"
,Not Recommended,238090,31428680,Posted: 28 April,all,Omae Wa Mou Shindeiru,-fast♥♥♥♥♥mouse sensitivity cant fix it-crashes-now i cant refund until 7 days or some 2 days or some♥♥♥♥♥♥like that-only disliked because I wanted to ((((((((EDGGYY)))))))))♥♥♥♥♥♥game trash-only downloaded-for-bust a nut-wide open into shredded pieces
,Not Recommended,238090,25450883,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,The Real MVP,This game really tried my patience.-Not really that fun-Repetitive and boring-Storyline from what I saw is not that good-You need the patience of a pro golfer to play thisOverall: 4/10
76561198376602772,Not Recommended,238090,33242602,Posted: 4 July,all,Flappy Foreskin,"i was happy with this game but being hopeless with a mouse and keyboard i plugged my controller to play and it worked fine all the buttons working correct except you can't turn your screen , i mean come on.The right stick didnt do anything so for a controller due to that 1 problem it is unplayable"
76561198007191891,Not Recommended,238090,23800298,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,[TONK]SBRP,"Like splinter cell, but with old guns. ZZZ."
76561197960771531,Not Recommended,238090,23155391,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Lano,"I played this when it came out. Many bugs then. Hope they fixed it by now, but Im not in the mood to check it, after I lost the taste running in the bug after bug. Maybe, some day."
,Not Recommended,238090,22950909,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,✨𝓟𝓚𝓛𝓛✨,You can't date anime girls in this game.
,Not Recommended,238090,23808653,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,ark,disappointing
,Recommended,238090,25943028,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Sphex#BrokenMice,This is Best GameBut Something is Make I Sad1. Must Buy2. Not Support Again For XP(For My Friend)3. Need To Many SpacePlease Make Free For 1 Week And Make GiveAway  For All Gamers Want This Game
,Recommended,238090,25838147,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,CowGames,"nice graphics, some bugs though. overall experience  is amazing"
76561198093615422,Not Recommended,238090,23814578,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,你妹的,wtf cannot play what game you sell .......
76561198269179540,Not Recommended,238090,25530147,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Dug,i have spent more time ♥♥♥♥ing dead pigs then playing this game
76561198004538351,Not Recommended,238090,25992687,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Buzzerker,"I came close to recommending this game but I cannot and the reason why is that the map is too linear. You cannot go where you want to , you can't enter the water , you can only climb certain ledges. The map is more like a maze sometimes and is not an open world per se.  There is also this game mechanic whereby you look through your scope , there is a heart beats per minute and you keep it under 79 beats a minute when you aim your sniper rifle , press the E key as you look at the target and time slows a red circle with an X appears on your crosshairs you aim that circle at a targeted German soldier or vehicle gas tank and fire. The bullet is supposed to kill if done correctly although what I have had happen too many times to count as my mistake is a shot in head , neck or bascially anywhere in the torso that should be a killing shot just knocks the target down , they get up and start shooting so you have to fire off a few more shots circumventing this 'Bullet traveling graphic in slow motion' where the bullet enters the targeted enemy soldier and you see his skeleton and vital organs and the damage the bullet does as it travels but as I said it does not always work as it should. I think , although the game is entertaining if you can over look some of it's flaws and there are more. it's worth maybe 5 or 10 bucks with all the DLC thrown in. It reminds me of a Playstation or Xbox game more than a proper PC game."
76561197992405599,Not Recommended,238090,14363334,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,tkent2002,Worst game ive ever played in my life. how may bullets can you possible bounce off someones face? Horrible mess of a titlle.  This is not a sniper game this is a trash heap console terd
,Not Recommended,238090,34062945,Posted: 6 August,all,HiDra,The worst Sniper Elite game I've ever played.
76561198295411619,Not Recommended,238090,25896765,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,FUTURExtLt,fk this game waste my money
,Not Recommended,238090,33980324,Posted: 2 August,all,Mastul.,gets boring really fast
,Recommended,238090,33200331,Posted: 3 July,all,Wake CS.MONEY CSOFFER.ME,UJDADAUDAWYJGAFYAKV FATYGFWAYFGAWADUKGAWDKAUYGDAIWGDGUADGUKAWDGAUWDGAWGFUAWFWAUDWAGUDFAWGUFAGUFWAUFGAFGUAFGUAFGUAFGAUFAGFKGAUFGAFUGAFGUFGUAFGUFGUAFAFGUAGUFGUFAGUFUGUGGUKUGKUGUGUGGUGUFAWGUFAGUFUAGFGUAFGUKAWFGUAWFGU
,Not Recommended,238090,34779701,Posted: 6 September,all,✪White Wulf csgoatse.com,im gay
76561198132654200,Not Recommended,238090,13119042,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Monty the Python,Dont buy it.
76561198157140925,Not Recommended,238090,23456149,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,[MLG]Huggsy,"Worst game ever. Only if I could get my 5e back. Actually Id pay 10e to get 5e back from them. Haven't found single good thing about this game. I bought this for the coop. Not good at all. Just a tuberun for 10 missions. This game is very absurd, but even then not fun while drunk, quite the opposite. Dont buy. If someone gives u this as a gift, shoot him. Its not worth to play. 0/10 would not pay, not even thretened with a gun."
76561198176897839,Recommended,238090,31415040,Posted: 28 April,all,Son Goku Csgo-skins.com,Sniper Elite 3
,Not Recommended,238090,24008035,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,tmK^,♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,238090,32794403,Posted: 25 June,all,cart,refunded
,Not Recommended,238090,23728947,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Autistic Goalkeeper,"=/ Not good. Lack of content, glitches, boring multiplayer, expensive.."
,Not Recommended,238090,23718117,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Nogiback,♥♥♥♥ this game. ♥♥♥♥ Rebellion studios for going after a small developer over the stupidest ♥♥♥♥ing legal issue. Never buy a game from Rebellion. I sure as hell won't. Link to case:http://www.pcgamer.com/sins-of-a-solar-empire-studio-speaks-out-against-new-rebellion-legal-action/
,Not Recommended,238090,23552309,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,BoRnY,This game is so bad that i got cancer and only have a week left to live.
76561198102763935,Not Recommended,238090,32756707,Posted: 24 June,all,Dilvil5216,"This game is Un-playable, i tried to give it a shot, but i just cant, the aiming is so bad, your bullet range is just the worst, you have to hold over so much for something as little as 100ft, i cant even aim 100ft because the scope is to dark and fadede i cant even adjust for a kill, and im not sure if others are having this problem but enmies dont die with even a headshot, so i find my self loading last checkpoint over and over because my cover is blown, when billy isnt getting his head blown up. if your looking for a good sniping game go play Sniper Ghost warrior 2, thats the only good sniping game i can recomend"
76561198034578160,Not Recommended,238090,23804215,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Quenth,u cant enterackt with the iviroment and the stealth fells so clunky.so overal fells like one of those arkade shoters were u cant move.
,Not Recommended,238090,25920709,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,✠ tyu,Dis game about one sniper and his аnаl virginitу (just tips how to lost it)for dis game u need a gаyраd and ur rubber didlо (for gud snipers allowed only pink didlо)shoting sounds its like gay pоrn a$$ rаре edition.if u so bad at dis game u shoud buy a gold didlо.pistols in dis game broken a$$ fаk.hits registration like 20 tick.wanna play without didlо ? be ready to a$$fаk .but optimization realy gud
,Not Recommended,238090,33165821,Posted: 2 July,all,FaZe ReVive,"Very laggy, I have a gaming laptop like a year old and handles games very well, but specifically this game it lags I have no idea why but I dont recommend this game at all"
,Recommended,238090,25432153,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,[SPH] RYDALL,"i think this is one of the best games on steam, look forward to the new 4loving seeing new players comming on the servers to"
,Not Recommended,238090,32547313,Posted: 18 June,all,Ozymandias,This game spoiled my graphic-card so if you wanna play use low settings i think the game has a deal with the companies for making the person buy a new graphic card .
,Recommended,238090,30399193,Posted: 8 March,all,Stabby Martinez,"pew, pew, pew..... BOOM!"
76561198073016785,Recommended,238090,30396036,Posted: 8 March,all,Guy2You,Shoots gunNazi head explodes10/10 would explode brains again
,Not Recommended,238090,30433088,Posted: 10 March,all,Nisho100,"I paid for the game today, Installed it, played it, then of course crashed, tried everything for it to work..and one thing works for my sakeRefund an awsome option"
,Recommended,238090,30433852,Posted: 10 March,all,I Should Kill Myself,I like to shoot people in the nuts with snipers so they die in slow mo with the x-ray thing
76561198117976088,Recommended,238090,29327306,Posted: 17 January,all,Tim the Talking Tree,"on the subejt of this game, let us go over the list1. stealthfirst, the stealth is realistic, to a ceartain point, sometimes the enemy goes from super ranger to crosseyed nazi, other than this, the stealth gameplay is great, officers have a higher perception from the avarage joe2. The Storythe story, is actually kinda meh, your trying to defeat a nazi superwepon from being built in north africa, pretty ok, considering. but you really dont feel much attachement to the charecters, for example, when i played the witcher 3, i was in tears when one of my favorite chaecters died(true story)3. the Killcamlike most people, the games appeal comes from what i like to call the ""bone crunchy goodness effect"" this is some of the best appeal of this game, no matter what people say4.ballisticsthe ballistics in this game are very, very realistic, from bullet drop to the very wind, this game is very true to life in sniping5. the wepons at your disposalthe vanilla game wepons are mostly very small, cinsisting of 4 rifles, 5 pistols, and 5 SMG's+one panzershrek(don't think i spelled that right). but, with corresponding DLC, you can upgrade your arsnel to nearly 10+ sniper rifles, complete with their own respective attachments.6. the DLCas already stated before, the DLC provides you with a decent stock of wepons, but you may also gain 4 new missions. three are in what i like to call their own mini campaign, which you have been tasked with saving churchill. the other mission is killing hilter, its short and sweet, taking place in tobruk.7. multiplayerpersannaly, i don't play multiplayer games very much, and i still don't now, so the multiplayer is kinda an unknown for me.8. challengesthe challenge mode is fun, and you really don't have to be stealthy to do it.first, you will pick a map, and you will go through 15 or so waves of enemy troops and vehicles, each getting progressivly harder untill you have to go up against a tiger tank, an armored car, and a truck full of troops. (tips for these matches, leave 1 soidler alive, avoid him like the plague, then go out and collect ammunition and medkits scattered around the map. before the match even starts, you must find a appropriate position that is resonabbaly defencible, and is only assaltable from a few points, act fast! you have 20 secs before the round starts!)all in all, a very well rounded game, 8/10, designation: not garbage."
76561198092325338,Recommended,238090,11497516,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,MR_JIBLETS,best game ever killcam better then ever be warned though play this game in short half hour bursts or it will get boring hope this review helped anyone :)
,Recommended,238090,11484058,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,RoverSvr [SPORT],awesome love sniper elite
76561198078032923,Recommended,238090,11499175,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,_bazinga_,nice
76561198004369409,Recommended,238090,11499599,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Badger,"good mp play, but would wait for cost to come down.  Cant reccommend any at above 30bucks"
,Recommended,238090,10990304,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Blue Q,"It's essentially the same game mechanics, but with a much more colorful setting and greatly improved level design, shooting and stealth mechanics. plus, more than 1 rifle! (even though they are all essentially the same) wait for the game to go on sale, then get it. P.S. this game lets you shoot nazis in the buols."
,Recommended,238090,10990321,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Macgivor,"great game, improves upon the faults of its predecessor (levels too linear, bad stealth)... The levels are wide open and the new relocation stealth system works great."
,Recommended,238090,10994157,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Kack,Way better than #2 and its pretty similar to Far Cry 3 believe it or not.
76561198055488565,Recommended,238090,10996038,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Ima Kahuna,"Despite some negative reviews and comments made about content, this game is definintely an entertaining play, and I recommend buying if you are a fan of the SE series. Much of the game is the same (which isn't necessarily a bad thing), but there are a few added features, mainly the leveling system in singleplayer (gaining xp for kills, more xp for silent/long distant kills, heart shots etc.). The cutscenes are also a big improvement. The proper addition of stealth gameplay is also an important, and welcomed, feature. This time around, you are legitimately given the choice to go guns blazing, completely stealth, or ghost (going through a level unseen, leaving no Nazis behind). The smarter AI system builds on this, with the 'relocation' feature creating, in a way, a different level of intensity. And, of course, watching a Nazi's internal organs deflate and explode is just as entertaining as it always has been. Obviously there are some improvements that Rebellion could make; perhaps the most commonly noted improvement would be more weapons (preferrably as free DLC rather than paid, given what little choice we currently have). But, overall, definitely worth playing if you are a fan of the series, as you will find this game to be in most ways more entertaining than previous installments."
,Recommended,238090,10996499,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Boobie Pillow,"This game has improved since V2 and it deserves a $50 price tag. I enjoy playing it HOWEVER, there are a few very frustrating things that come with this game in terms of its gameplay and ""Game modes"" that should really be addressed:1. You can only aim your weapon from your right shoulder and cannot switch sides as in a lot of other 3rd person shooters to see around left side corners. which makes it EXTREMELY difficult to fire around an obstacle from the left side.2. The cover system. They made the cover system very fluid in the taking cover animation, BUT THAT IS THE ONLY GOOD THING ABOUT IT. It is impractical in most sitatuions (except sneaking). If you try to fire from cover you either snap to the far right or left of the cover (if it is small) or you move to a angle/position apon aiming that doesn't allow you to fire properly over the obsticle leaving you shooting at your own cover and alerting everyone OR its like you have shoved your face into the sandbags and cannot see a thing. P.s using cover from the left side is the only way to see around left side corners, dont use it though. its bound to leave you worse off.3. Single player survivor mode. I wouldnt say this is a complete waist of time, it is fun. Although if you have 10 enemies or so in the area and are only armed with whatever you have unlocked thus far and are playing on Sniper elite mode or higher. This game mode becomes more of a frustration. YOU CANNOT STEALTH THIS GAME MODE WITH A SNIPER RIFLE. at least not to my knowledge thus far.  I would rather stealth 1 wave and have it take 15 minutes than just start shooting the♥♥♥♥♥♥outta everything like some half whitted ning nong from Uranus.To finish on a good note there is a lot more freedom in the campaign in terms of direction and method of execution and the graphics and ""cinematic shooting"" makes it really enjoyable to watch your success as you shoot your enemies jaw off and watch the bullet fly out of the back of his throat.I hope this helps people get a grasp for what they are in for with some technical issues in the game and the EXCITEMENT OF SHOOTING A GUYS BALLS OFF"
76561197991082434,Recommended,238090,10952371,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,[cc] Timzy,"So you finished stopping the V2 menace and killed your fill against other Elite snipers in 2 ey?  Well welcome to the desert pal, and things are really heating up.  Time to go face to face against some of the desert rats worst enemies, stealth through the single player or barge through sniping anyone who would tell you otherwise.  Brought a buddy? Excellent why not try out some Co-op and show those damn Nazi the power of friendship (ha).  Then, once again, wade through rivers of bodies as you rack up the count in multiplayer, thought you where the best? Think again sunshine, cause Timzy is online and this just got real!"
,Recommended,238090,10955246,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Gnugfuriuz,"Just went through the campaign. The story is dryer than my skin and the AI is really confusing. Some guys have sniper aim at extreme range. While others will stumble over you if you dont attempt to shoot them first. With a total of 8 missions, great graphics i dont feel that its worth 40 euroes. Put it in your wishlist and get it when it drops to 20 euroes. :)I would be lying if i say i didnt have fun playing through the game. But i miss more variety and assasination missions where you have one target for example and loose points for every extra kill."
,Recommended,238090,11114896,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Duke Ninja Kohwai,"A sniper game where you really have to take wind speed, direction and distance in account for every shot.Same it takes about 6 months to swap from your sniper rifle to a different weapon (even when you're not looking down the scope). That aspect of the game could do with some tweaking in my opinion."
76561198032091001,Recommended,238090,11109697,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Longblade44,"Sniper Elite 3 is a successfull successor to 2. if you like playing a sniper, you will love this game...the 4 levels of difficulty is good  to have..makes the game tougher as you learn the ins and outs...great graphics..very good single player. highly recommend it!"
,Recommended,238090,11137636,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Rocky™,I get Stabby with knifes
76561197996741886,Recommended,238090,11008980,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,flossed,"Love this game very intuative, good physics, runs well on my old pc with windows 8.1"
76561198065760889,Recommended,238090,11009599,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,puppehs,"This game is awesome, way better than v2.  Level design makes it an absolute joy to play and i think its just delicious.  So sweet and charming."
76561197971949650,Recommended,238090,11009819,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Solo,"I enjoy the overall gameplay of Sniper Elite 3 for WW 2 stealth.  Like most great games, there's always something to be desired.  Yet, I'm having a blast.  I'm working through the missions with care.  I take pride in thinking through creative ways to be the sneaky sniper that I like to be, mixing close quarters with long range setups.  More solo maps, please.  Keep the campaigns coming.  Give me coop gameplay with option to swap bots with real players that join on-demand (if I choose to host that way).  Much can be done, but so much is wonderfully done already.  Take your time on the missions.  There's tons of opportunity for chain reactions, close calls, and realism settings to make it tough as nails (in case you still can't get worked up enough).   The AI is pretty neat.  Patrol changes by esclations and repeated poor steatlh will really throw of your game.  Turn off tagging, and you might find yourself really turning into a nervous, twitchy, moron for apply traditional loud FPS tactics.  LOL!Loved yesterday how a single rock got a guard to walk into a trip mine, causing a stationary guard by a nearby truck to turn around to walk toward the exposion (10 seconds later, cone he calmed down enough to commit his search), only to step on a land mine that blew him and the truck up, drawing other guards out in the open for me to then clean up with sniper rifle (undetected, due to nearby broadcast noise).  They had no idea what / who hit them.  This is only a mild taste of what you can do, if you just check things out and think through it before acting.There's so much potential.  I look forward to what the Season Pass will bring me."
76561197966534839,Recommended,238090,11011651,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Deanus,should be called welrod elite... or broke♥♥♥♥♥MGS5... but other than that fun. xray is better this time but the bullets dont seem to have enough umph behind them. No a lot of actual sniping its mostly just watching patrols and laying waste to them one by one.  The sniping portions are fun but the set piece wave battles get kind of old.
76561198020472576,Recommended,238090,11043834,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Good Guy With A Gun,"I've played thru the 1st 1/6 of the game.  If you are a fan of the first two than this one is a great buy.  They don't venture to far away from the original premise.  What is different this time around is that the maps are a lot larger.  They are open encampments and large areas, not streets like the first two, so the gameplay is less linear.  You still have objectives that you must complete in a specific order.  Try V2 if you havent played any of the other games, this series is often a plesant and refreshing take on the shooter for most.  And if that is not enough imagine what picture this conjures up, ""ball shot."""
76561198085743513,Recommended,238090,11046853,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,MuDfAcE,ONE OF THE BEST GAMES IV PLayed in 4k to date amzing
76561198128822447,Recommended,238090,11047442,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,UNBELIEVABLY GAY,"I personally really enjoyed Sniper Elite V2, but felt it had a few really bad issues. But this game pretty much fixed all of them.If it was my  child, I'd probably think it did such a good job that I'd finally let it out of my spider filled basement that I keep it in while I watch court shows. A lot of games have you killing Nazis, but how many let you do it in Africa? ...Probably more than I think there are, but I don't play as many games as I used to.The game is much more open, which is my favorite thing in a stealth game. The last game had a bad tendency of wanting you to be quiet and sneaky but would shove you into narrow corridors that made it irritating to encounter enemies due to the AI being so basic in design that the every nearby enemy would go on full alert if they thought they saw so much as your foot. Having it open allows you to plan out your moves and makes you feel super awesome when a plan works out they way you wanted it to. Or just kill everyone... I guess.... Not as fun though. >.>Speaking of the enemy AI, they actually have more than just one stage of awareness. They can still be a little dumb like going back to their routine after you've walked away and hid for a minute or so. But it's still a massive improvement from the previous game.Your movement is much more fluent because it's not camera based movement anymore. I don't know why game developers feel like they have to staple the camera to the back of your head and only face whatever direction you are, but it's annoying and I wish it would quit being a thing. And apparently the developers felt the same way because they got rid of that crap.There aren't too many stages, but the amaount of improvisation and exploration gives you enough to do that they feel like they last awhile, especially if you're a fan of the non-lethal route and you play stealth games by trying to go as unseen and unnoticed as possible without even having to really involve yourself with any enemy that isn't directly inhibiting you.The visual are so gorgeous that I can only hope my kids turn out half as good looking as the environments. I can't recall too many games in recent memory that really take on the desert/oasis type environments, but this game nailed them. It's been a while since I played a game where I found myself taking in the surroundings as much as I did in the title.I'd probably say the only major complaint I have with the game is that they insist on having you take on an armored vehicle or tank at some point in each stage, which I felt counters the open ended feel of the stages and makes the progression feel kinda monotonous. Also, the story line isn't anything special, but this seemed like it wanted to focus more on the gameplay so I don't really fault it cause I loved almost every second of itI would very much recommend this game. Unless you are actually are a Nazi then you might feel a little subjegated against. But then I wouldn't really care because... ya know... no one cares what a Nazi wants."
76561197976140920,Recommended,238090,11047574,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,ddognickel,this game is very fun to play
76561198137432275,Recommended,238090,11012018,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,gino.mazzamuto,i like the feel and movment i think its a fun game overall
,Recommended,238090,11014746,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,'FluffyButtz' L. David,"I have shot a guys testicles off then with the same bullet that hit that soldies testicles off, it destroyed his comrads lungs... This game is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing..."
,Recommended,238090,10915733,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Squishy The Russian Dog,Amazing game. 10/10. Rebellion did a really really nice job making this game.
76561198105398824,Recommended,238090,11296903,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,tankprohp,still no loud mele kill Epic Fail
76561197990315235,Recommended,238090,11302582,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,POKE,"I recommend this game with a caveat...NO EXCUSE for dlc (over priced) not to be co-op. All missions/maps too short. The DLC's ridiculously short. I do like playing it co-op though. Putting yes but I mean, maybe."
76561198014593736,Recommended,238090,11350825,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,stev7370,This Game Out Does All Other Sniper Elite Games So Far!!
76561198018698239,Recommended,238090,11465496,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,flames07,"Good Game, great Graphes and fun online."
76561198015900334,Recommended,238090,11468591,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,WaffenWorldTour,"Pretty great game! Well done this time around. Looks great, plays great.  This is one of those the better vid card you have, the more banging the graphics.  However, a GTX 570 with 2gb ram, runs it great on High settings.  Multiplayer, Campaign and Co Op modes are terrific.  The Co Op modes are by far the most fun for me and my buddys.  The upgradable rifles are cool too.Hope to see more missions, maps, DLC for this game, and yes even a Nazi Zombie again too!Cons: 1) need many more Survivalist and Over Watch maps. 2) Have experienced some game crashing as far as dropping connection with buddys."
76561198014569888,Recommended,238090,11276865,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Sgt-Hawker,I love this game!!!!!!!!!!!!!! showing the internal parts as they hemmorage (sp) is truely great not recommended for kids though.
76561197964897957,Recommended,238090,11281743,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Bloodfrost,"This game was significantly better than i was expecting, i had not played the first two and i was kind of expecting a super complex game.  It wasn't.  The gameplay is fun and exciting and at times very fast paced.  It makes me consider if i was missing out not playing the first two until i read a few of the reviews on them...I'm going to recommend this game... Hesitantly... Because i am not a big fan of Day 1 DLC. Companies that do this are horrible horrible companies and i feel like trash for helping to perpetuate this garbage....However, the game truely is fun >_<.  Sadly i cannot convince any of my friends to purchase it to Coop with... and i honestly cannot blame them."
,Recommended,238090,11248320,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Skorner64,"I've only played the multiplayer portion of the game so far, and I'm loving it. The graphics are awesome and so is the gunplay. If you like tactical shooters where positioning and working together matters this will be enjoyable for you. Since the game uses dedicated servers, you can choose a server with low ping so you don't lag. Also you can filter the type of game you want using tons of checkboxes for each item/map/mode. I highly recommend it to a tactical/TPS fan."
76561198042290647,Recommended,238090,11250659,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,D0LAN,FAKIN AWESOME M8 I RECOMEND ALL U FAK HEADS TO GET IT CAUZ I NEEDA PLAY WIT SOMEBODY
76561198041642629,Recommended,238090,11252262,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,nohelty,HELL YA!
76561197999849170,Recommended,238090,11388274,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,DarthGazza,"Great game, geat graphics and a challenge."
76561197970511437,Recommended,238090,11392245,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,MrFlibbleUK,"If you like sniping, camping, sneaky sneak and shooting people in the face then this is a must. Multiplayer is best, campaign not so much but it is a good place to learn firing distances and wind effects. The only down side in my opinion is that the variety of rifles available is a bit poor."
76561198114975966,Recommended,238090,11373972,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Kennedy,Good!
76561198105934438,Recommended,238090,11375157,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,symphonyoflite25,This is an awsome game too bad it does not have more missions in this game but still 2 thumbs up
,Recommended,238090,11411226,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,nolimitwolf,k been playing for a week and read the reviews and heres what ive found1.m this is a sniper game witch mean if u dont account for wind dist zoom target movement and the enviorment yea ur bullets will not hit or ull hit the wall2 know ur platforms abillity if u are moveing to make enemys spawn the ur draw distance is low  bump it up and when snipeingbinoc are key3 on the mp side again a snipers game its not cod spry and pray go to cod for that4 snipers dont shoot and run it mess with the shots its better to wait5 the big downside is i have seen plenty of place that would be great to shot from but cand get to due to movement  or map so yea not fredom to climb a hill and hard to move into some brush so dont see the point in a gille suit if u cant coverso far havent been disappointed yet
,Recommended,238090,10882045,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Bhops Are Legal,From The start it isn't that demanding of a game. I can Run it on ultra no problem! The campaign is fun yet some parts can be a bit cheesy(animations from a exploding trucks) besides that its a very solid game! Beware though cause the multiplayer is very cluttered with servers and there isn't any us or Canadian servers. As a result of that i am going to build my own Set of game servers. A lot of people have been having issues though and tech support may be hard to find. i have helped out over a dozen people through steam chat alone. over all the multiplayer experience is very fun and fast paced for standing and doing nothing! It takes 3 minutes off the start of any match to find someone and then a lot more issues arise. when i stand around the game glitches out and the shadows go insane while textures seem to start moving on me and it can be very distracting. over all i would rate the multiplayer experience 7/10 and the campaign 8/10. P.S please get someone from support to start answering questions!
76561198004663057,Recommended,238090,11289142,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,langjimmy,If your a fan of the Sniper Elite games then buy this all improvements are just that nothing is desinged in a way that it hinders the game and is a instant clasic for me and you can play the entire game in co-op which is a blast setting up the enemy with distractions only to have your brother in arms snipe the nuts off the enemy....Too Funny I highly recomend this game the only thing I can say was a negative is the season pass is pricey but we will see if it was worth it as I hope there will be real story content and not skins and weapons only DLC .
,Recommended,238090,11689358,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Asian,"There's a lot of DLC content, but...You get to shoot people in the balls. Just like last time. But with better graphics.And be super sneaky."
76561198063150791,Recommended,238090,11692615,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Mericapewpew,"This game in my opinion is great I feel bad for anybody who cant enjoy it only because 1. you hate the A.I which means you probly played it on the lowest Difficulty where the A.I should be easy. 2. All the negative reviews all look like this."" Whaaaaaaaa I have to buy DLC"". 3. You probly have less than 30 Hours played before you wrote your review which really means you didnt play the game to its full extent.Now the graphics are AMAZING they did a really good job. 9/10The story is also really good very in-depth. 9/10If you play the game the way it was meant to be played which iof you watch the Trailer they specifically say "" If you play the game in the right way you will get full immersion"".Immersion 8/10Those of you complaing "" Oh theres only four sniper Rifles in the game"" Boo ♥♥♥♥ing Hoo in the era this game was placed there were only a few Long-Range Rifles.The x-ray came is Great.The realism on authentic difficulty is awsome it makes the game really tough and almost requires you to do your absolute best to be stealthy and not get spotted.The open maps are great theres a lot of content if you explore you find optional objectives, notebooks that add to the story, and you can make some really sick shots if your good enough.Yes theres only 8 Missions but if you take the time to explore the map be stealthy and complete all the optional objectives im sure the Campaign can be quite lengthy.Haters be warned I DONT GIVE A ♥♥♥♥ what you say because you ♥♥♥♥ers are so negative no matter what game you play because its not ♥♥♥♥ing perfect."
,Recommended,238090,12190662,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Camouflaged Cow,"A HUGE improvement over Sniper Elite V2. Brand new story, almost open-world Singleplayer/Co-Op. Speaking of Co-Op, you can play those huge maps with a friend! More DLC and missions. Adds a ""Challenges"" gamemode. If you are looking for any of the following: Stealth, Bad♥♥♥♥♥ Sniper, Laid-Back, TPS (Third Person Shooter), Unique guns, Killing Hitler, Unique setting in WW2, WW2, or have a lot of boredom, you found the right game!"
76561198067253350,Recommended,238090,12178333,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,ceutermark,Good details even on low graphics setting and more open than V2.
,Not Recommended,238090,12180639,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,[]™,"I'd not recomend you to buy this game, as it's laggy, it bugs, and even sometimes won't let you play (as this is my case, I've tried to play on 4 diffrent computers, and it won't let me play on any one of them. It just keeps on giving me the error code 0x00005. and one of those computers I got just 1 week ago. )If you do deside to buy it, buy it at your own risk."
,Recommended,238090,11927721,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,HOLYLUCAS,picked up this game a while ago i loved it for a while until the game got a little boring then i took a break from it and came back to it later and it was so much more fun. the game includes:Realistic Graphics and dialougeBeutiful slo moesRealistic npc's
76561197968985521,Recommended,238090,12143442,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,themoondoggie,"I like cause you can play it your way. You can hang out in a bush for hours if you want or youcan leave the bush or hidy hole and skin a few guy's with your knife or you can go ape sh-tcrazy and take on the entire installation hopefully killing many of them before your healthgets to low - then escape/hide again.  If you die, no big deal, this game comes with QuickSave & Quick Load along with the regular save list you create over time.Be sure to SAVE often using both QUICK SAVE & REGULAR SAVE LIST. If you don't it ispossible that you could end up replaying what took you and hour to complete, yeah,,,,that happened to me. How, you might ask?  I hadn't done a REGULAR SAVE in over andhour, then I did a QUICK SAVE after a cut scene and couldn't figure out what to do tocomplete the task and move on, so I had to load a save from over and hour in the past.There's a learning curve if your new to this game type.  You may want to reassign someof the default keyboard keys.The game uses hidden TRIGGERS, once you do something to activate a trigger a cutscene or prompt warns you that you must do something, a task, within a short time spanor that you must destroy a tank or clear the area of 6 snipers etc... so again SAVE often."
76561198062807423,Recommended,238090,12144795,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Aloha Snackbar,Get it
76561198028020034,Recommended,238090,12146104,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,LE4D'66,"This latest version of Sniper Elite allows more options to complete a mission. Being less linear than it's predecessor, this allows for an all round better gaming experience. Playing the campaign cooperatively, for me, is the better option when playing the game. Very well done."
76561198144748352,Recommended,238090,12133963,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Graystaff,Amazing game
76561198017248667,Not Recommended,238090,12147993,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,=DI= S4NDM4N,Campaign not a real fps by any means way to arcade like for me....Sniper Elite 3 graphics and special effects are ok but If you want a real FPS Batttlefield is still the way to go...even Insurgency @ $15.00 has far better gameplay although not as pretty to look at.
76561197974484421,Recommended,238090,12148036,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,UnionJack,"Such a great game.  C'mon despite COD and BF we all love a WW2 game!  Purchase, play. enjoy!"
76561197978202749,Recommended,238090,12154063,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,[RAT]G_CHEVYGUY,I liked this game
76561197972872175,Recommended,238090,12156351,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,LLM007,"Loved the game and enjoyed every killing moment. As the game describes, there are many ways to approach each level. Highly recommend and can not wait for additional single player expansion kits to come out. Took me about 25 hours end to end but, plan to return and try different approaches on a number of levels."
76561198004067034,Not Recommended,238090,11904448,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Easy,Welrod Elite.
76561198028358830,Recommended,238090,11083427,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,imagine186,Good Game and the best Sniper Elite
76561198033211172,Recommended,238090,12120069,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,gmarykate71,bloody  brilliant  game one of the best games i have ever played.I have already recommended it to loads of people
,Recommended,238090,12103609,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Fapping Water! (Traitor),iz gud gam if u lik killin people wif da hed exploding
,Recommended,238090,11938421,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,FjellTroll,"Its ok, but when you finish the story then its a little bit boring, but I love to snipe them nazi's + I got dem skillz  8/10"
,Recommended,238090,11939066,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,[PHX]KRAZYNATIVE AMERICAN,Epic game
,Not Recommended,238090,11940144,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,snoopytrb,Fun game. Company is run by jerks though. Won't be buying any more of their products.http://www.pcgamer.com/2014/06/30/sins-of-a-solar-empire-studio-speaks-out-against-new-rebellion-legal-action/?ns_campaign=article-feed&ns_mchannel=ref&ns_source=steam&ns_linkname=0&ns_fee=0
76561198050064540,Not Recommended,238090,11956530,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,ParaTracker,"I am sorry but this was a disappointment to me. V2 was better. The graphics are better, however gameplay is the same with lots of configuring to make it just right and then you get bored fast.  Just not for my tastes."
,Not Recommended,238090,16757954,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Adenauer Forst,"This game has many irritating bugs, and some of them spoil the game real bad. The enemies can see you through the wall at times, the AI snipers seem to track you through walls until a certain point before you can lose them, and more importantly the damn game keeps disconnecting my partner for the Siwa Oasis mission everytime we ""Load Last Save"", which is absolutely ♥♥♥♥ cause it means that we have to re-do the entire mission again, which takes time. I went to google and it is apparently an old issue which still hasn't been fixed.I really like the story coop of the game, but it's pretty buggy. Cutscenes are also quite sparse, short and rather uninteresting for this game. I expected this to be much better than Sniper Elite V2, which as far as I can remember didn't have much that made the game ♥♥♥♥ to play.Edit: The partner disconnected issue isn't just limited to the Siwa Oasis mission. I've experienced it in the final mission as well."
76561198226671648,Recommended,238090,17569587,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,nigel1304,"Good, clean testicle shooting fun!"
76561198103930750,Recommended,238090,17585802,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Odelegger,best of the three
,Not Recommended,238090,17588411,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,StoneMercenary,"As a huge fan of Sniper Elite back on PS2 and having played V2, I have to say I'm a little disappointed in this game. I can't even place my finger on what I don't like about it, but I bought the game on sale and still can't bring myself to finish it.."
,Recommended,238090,17489470,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Skitfärs,Curiously satisfying
,Recommended,238090,16572956,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,T.w² | Variant-,"The 17 minutes I played of it were amazing, graphics are great, missions seem to be fun and keep you on your toes. I would recommend this game to anyone in a heartbeat."
76561198037936119,Recommended,238090,16573072,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,HROCH,:O GREAT GAME :) AMAZING
76561198022348149,Recommended,238090,16561515,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Wachabe,Classic..
76561198074853948,Recommended,238090,16517193,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,drjleeper,"A great game that draws you into the role as a sniper during WWII. If you are looking for a game where speed as well as a lack of solid thought, could get you killed. Plan your objectives and move as though you care.Sniper Elite 3 is a shooter yes but not a run and gun type of game. After all you are using stealth and long range targeting.A couple of blank screens happened but since I save before every next move not a problem for me. I am running an i7 3.4 4 GB memory and my FPS hangs on about 7 or 8. The graphics are still first rate and no lag soooo?I would grab this game now while the Steam sale is on because if you played it... You would pay full ticket to do it again. I am looking forward to the DLC Hitler Churchill. The weapon packs are not to great... Crank up the AI or crank it down until you get the hang of it. Fun with a crosshair. Hope the MFG opens up the console a few tweaks would be better and what is up with the lack of taking advantage of my 8 cores. So mods and a proper sys or ini that can be managed would impove the game."
,Recommended,238090,16586566,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,-NahhUrGoood,Don't Run.. Always Crouch.
,Recommended,238090,16591070,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Hemoglobin,"This game is awesome. Its addictingly fun, constantly presenting a huge challenge. Only complaint is the price of the seasons pass... but still worth it."
76561197972600357,Not Recommended,238090,16394769,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,[porn] Major Malfunction,"I bought the thing during steam sale; so I paid only a fraction of what it is supposed to cost regularily. This and the fact that I was playing it coop with a buddy and had a blast laughing about a buttload of glitches were the only two things that made me go from hulk-angry to ""meh"". The controls are glitchy, your avatar movement is glitchy, enemy's movement is glitchy, aiming and collision handling are glitchy; the whole thing seemed to be quality controlled by the guys who brought you Gary's Incident.But it doesn't stop there. The game is terribly renamed. It should be called ""SIlenced pistol hedshots from a 10m distance and close quarter kills""-Elite. Putting it all togehter it was a huge disappointment to me, especially remembering that I really enjoyed Sniper Elite 2."
76561198064412249,Recommended,238090,16364533,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,TheJultomten,An awesome game! The gameplay is verry satesfying!
,Recommended,238090,16369559,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,HenryFromCA,"9/10 If it had first person then I would give it 10/10, but that's just personal preference. Fantastic game, get it while its on sale though(that's just me though, I'm cheap XD)"
76561198032023988,Recommended,238090,16387992,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,The Guy Who Flies Pancakes,This is a AWESOME Game you can have bullets flying around or knife people it  is the best game of 2015
76561198089934341,Recommended,238090,17452628,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Raizen,Fun sniping game and easy shootings.Currently not working when I updated to windows 10 :(
,Recommended,238090,17458043,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,andre.thomaz88,The game is spetacullar!!You will spend lot of time play this fun game
,Recommended,238090,17408857,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,A Pipe Smoking Heer Soldat,"Pretty good WWII shooter. Just like the last two, I didn't buy like this game because it was a sniping game. I bought it because it took place in WWII. And just like the last games, the story isn't too intricate. I still enjoyed it though."
,Recommended,238090,17409623,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,[DFS] Turdomino,Testicle Shot Simulator 2015
76561198081997878,Recommended,238090,17112623,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,bOg's,NICE GAME. BUT HARD TO GET ACHIEVEMENTS :P
76561198060543947,Recommended,238090,18880252,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,graver,"The best part of the game is last three missions. Unlike from SE1 and SE2 the SE3 has much more open maps, also strong focus on sniper gun using.  The game offers many possibilities how to do missions, how to kill, in that way earn more or less points.  Really recommend this game, but it is very interesting to play this  franchise from first game...."
76561198026144651,Not Recommended,238090,18872297,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,seamustheseamus,"This doesn't feel like a game made in 2014. Apart from the overal graphics quality the game feels dated. The physics and AI are buggy and simple (dumb), as are the cutscenes. It looks as if this came out only a year after the original Sniper Elite."
,Recommended,238090,30594497,Posted: 18 March,all,smn.eXe,Nice game
76561198056143105,Recommended,238090,18838802,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,B U B B L E S,"The slow motion X-ray bullet cams make this game what it is and to be honest they never get old, its always good to watch your bullet peirce through someones skull and shatter it to tiny pieces.that being said the voice acting and story were meh.pros:GameplaySlow motion bullet camsStealth (felt like I was playing Metal gear solid sometimes)Graphics are decentmultiplayer is a fun hectic experience with about 14 people camping with no clue where. quite fun.the ending/ last mission really makes up for any bad bits of the game.Full controler support (always a plus)Cons:Voice acting is cringe worthy sometimesRepetativeScenery is good to begin with but gets old over time.8.5/10Would snipe again.-Buy me on sale and you wont regret it."
,Recommended,238090,18838450,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Loading...,nut bad :v
,Recommended,238090,18605890,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,undead #2,Jogaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaço!!!
76561198079733898,Recommended,238090,30583310,Posted: 17 March,all,Roken Zelza,"Sniper Elite 3 plays to the ever loved ""Shoot the Nazi"" game just as well as it's previous games. In by that I mean you can kill Nazi scum all day long and it's akin to eatting skittles, never leaving a bad taste in your mouth!The playstyle is very similar to the other games, 'Hide, sneak, kill the bad guy, repeat.' Both fun and made a bit more skilful with the ability to now pop-a-nazi then sneek away and confuse Mr. Fritzy.The newly added item wheel makes picking your equipment much faster and painless, the gear you choose really does have an affect on how you complete the level.Of course you dont have to sneak, if you feel like becoming a one man army and equipping a rocket launcher, revolver and loudest rifle in your collection, have at it!The levels are MUCH more open world than the previous game, lots of options on how to approach a target or location and lots of neat little goodies to find and collect if you like that sort of thing.TLDR: Very fun, great time killing Nazis and lots of slow-mo kill-shots that show you just what you did to Mr. Fritzy."
76561197960948631,Not Recommended,238090,10908876,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,!FT!Protocal,"With 30 hours of gameplay, I felt it necessary to share my thoughts about this ... frustratingly good, yet bad title. It can be so much fun at times, and then ... not at all. I'm not going to write a novel for this one, just pros and cons.Pros:- X-ray kills are still immensely fun, rewarding and also the game's highest replay value- Escaping from enemies has never been easier ...- Weapon loadout, upgrade and customization feature is pleasnatly welcomed- All weapons are deadly, sniping feels pointless at timesCons:- Unable to adjust FOV.  60 FOV makes me want to vomit, profuesly.- Escaping from enemies has never been easier ...- Unbelivable AI (in every sense!)- Sniping feels pointless at times"
,Not Recommended,238090,18738218,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,TrueSonOfPerdition,"I really enjoyed Sniper Elite and Sniper Elite V2. but this one missed the mark. The relocation mechanic makes absolutely no sense. You hear and see a friend get shot in the battlefield and then when you can't immediately find the sniper nearby, you relax completely and return to your usual routine?? Most of the game also seems like it should be more of a stealth close kill mission. There are not as many mid-battle sniping opportunites like in the previous games. It feels more like infiltrating some remote terrorist base each time, than it did engaging in a battlefield. You may as well just keep holding onto the Welrod for the entire game. It doesn't seem like much sniping is required to complete this game."
76561198007101562,Not Recommended,238090,18742628,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Drenix,"Boring 3rd person linear shooter, for a game based around sniping, should of probably focused more on realism."
76561198037266227,Recommended,238090,18842944,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Knightshade515,"I chambered a round.The staccato of machine gun fire and the screams of men in combat faded as the world focused down to my crosshairs. There was no war here, only me, my target, and the air between us.My finger softly caressed the trigger as I exhaled, the air leaving my lungs in a slow, extended push. My heart rate picked up, that familiar tingle down my spine started, and even the wind abated, as if the heavens themselves held their breath too.The sun must have glinted off my scope, because he looked up at me in that last second.The round punched through him, sending him sprawling in the burning sand, his rifle tumbling beside him.His men were suddenly struck without leadership, without intstruction, and quickly fell beside him.After a day like that, it's always nice to come back home to a nice video game. Sniper Elite 3 is alright, I guess."
,Recommended,238090,18658033,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Sevx,Fun game sneaking around blasting nazi soldiers. Sniper Elite 3 is a lot of fun!
76561197975344785,Not Recommended,238090,18849005,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Axle,
76561197981776424,Recommended,238090,18849210,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,SweetBoB,Shoot em in the nuts!
,Recommended,238090,18841493,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Sassy Bitch,"Story is short, dont get this if you want a story rich rpg game."
76561198213916301,Recommended,238090,18942093,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,dhehaivan,"Have Fun , with 3rd person view-great graphic-fun chat-good soundjust playing and have fun"
,Recommended,238090,18429472,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Richward Anime,Most realistic sniper shooter i've ever playedGet boring after a while8/10 would break bones and organs again
,Not Recommended,238090,18987428,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Grim Victor,"Generic ""stealth"" shooter. Boring after 3 maps. Not worth full price, rather buy on discount. DLC not recommended, only the extra missions."
,Recommended,238090,18374683,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,infoman,Best coop steath game I've played!  Would love to have a lot more DLC content.
,Recommended,238090,18379938,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Iggy Wolf,"I decided to write this review for two reasons. One, as my own personal opinion and 2, to answer some questions relative to the previous two games and how some reviewers failed to mention a specific detail in their reviews. Ok, let's start, shall we?1. The AI. Some of the negative reviews which complain about the AI being too easy or that you can always relocate and lose them failed to take one thing into consideration. The AI was changed BECAUSE people were complaining about it in the first 2 games. In the previous two Sniper Elites, the AI had Eagle Eye. Once they spotted you, EVERYONE on the map would know where you are, at least the ones that were currently present and not ones that haven't spawned yet. Nonetheless, you were NOT able to lose them in anyway. They would hunt you down until they filled you with lead or spammed you with nades. I guess you can't please everybody. The AI was changed because of complaints. If that made it too easy for some people, then they should just go play the old ones if they don't like it. Yes, there has to be a middle ground between too easy and too hard, but devs rarely hit that sweet spot, especially when it comes to games like this. Just play on authentic difficulty if you think it's too easy. On that difficulty, your entire hud is removed and no saving is allowed.2. With regards to the DLC, you don't need it but obviously in a game about snipers, it's nice to have more choices. Now, some people might have mentioned that you had all the DLC rifles in V2 but not 3. That is false. You had to purchase the same rifles in 2 as you have to purchase in 3. There's obviously more of them this time around but nonetheless, they require money. The good news is that you don't have to purchase all the DLCs separately. Apparently, the Season Pass gives you all 4 DLC missions as well as all the sniper and camo packs. This is convenient considering the fact that the Season Pass is actually cheaper than all the DLC combined. I was still not a fan of this choice but if you wait for a sale (and it usually happens often enough, especially when V2 is being given away for free), then you'll be able to get it for even cheaper.Now, my personal review of this game is that taking into account those two factors above, I will also mention other things that I like. For one, the relocation mechanic was a pleasant addition considering the fact that you can at least now lose the enemies in the game if you get far enough from your initial spot. That doesn't mean the enemies aren't relentless when they do spot you though, cause they'll slowly start to move in if you take too long to relocate or hide somewhere in the shadows or brush. But at least now you have a chance to escape and try again. Or at least not be forced to kill everybody just to move on. That said, it helps that the environments are also bigger this time around, and as other reviewers have mentioned, noise markers are back to indicate when your shot is being masked. In addition to planes and artillary, there are now generators scattered around certain parts of the map, which take less time to create noise than other, more environmental noises.Melee kills are back and this time, you shank people instead of seemingly breaking their neck all the time (he might only do the neck break when he flips the enemy on his back and crushes his throat, which happens more rarely than sticking a knife in their back or neck). There's an XP system in play this time around. As you rank up, you'll unlock new attachments and/or reticles. There are 15 attachements to find in the campaign though, which will take less time than ranking up but you'll be doing both so you'll eventually unlock them anyway. Also, I noticed that the secondary weapons are more useful this time around. They seem to have somewhat better aim and damage than the ones in V2. I can't say much about how much better they are than in the first Sniper Elite since that one is so old and is outdated as far as Sniper Elite 3 is concerned (it still had Eagle Eye AI). It's still fun to play though but this review is for the 3rd one, not the first. Oh, and you get to kill Hitler again (DLC though), this time in 7 different ways (plus of course shooting his balls off).Overall, my impression of this game is very good one. Yes, there are some things that could still be improved, like the submachine guns and the AI.  However, overall, it's an exhilarating experience, especially if you like the X-Ray Cam cause that's back and better than ever (this time the enemy's circulatory system is more detailed and their bones shattering are animated much better). Oh, and I suggest getting the DLC with the HDM silenced pistol cause that one holds 50 rounds instead of 32 like the welrod and seems to have somwhat better accuracy. The tradeoff is that it feels like it does less damage, but nonetheless will instakill if you aim for the head (btw, ALWAYS aim for the head).11/10 would shoot Hitler in the nuts again (or drop a bell on him, hehe)"
76561198058685070,Recommended,238090,14455759,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,MrWarSpoon,"10 minutes in and I shot a Nazi in the balls...♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants, 10/10 would def recommend"
,Recommended,238090,14455930,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,StatTrak™ Sin,"Great Game a Must Buy, i would pay the full price $60 if you get it any lower its a steal...."
,Recommended,238090,14457910,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Origen,"Over all a decent experience, however the game play is a bit forumlatic and you'll have encountered much of it in the very first map."
,Recommended,238090,14459213,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,mosquitoLoco,It's a really fun game to play strategically.
,Recommended,238090,14459544,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Lego,"This game had great Graphics, Great Storyline and Wonderful Pyshics. I recommend this game to anyone who likes snipers ofcourse or any type of shooter, It requires aim and practice if you want to be ""pro"" :)"
76561198071097212,Recommended,238090,14461330,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,tRyffe,"If u liked this called ""x-ray killcam""...well then this game is for u! First i thought that this game isn't than better than the previous games, but i'm wrong. This is much better than any others Sniper Elite's"
76561198030179866,Recommended,238090,14463300,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Pierrovitch,"Be prepared to play a 10-hour-long solo campaign and having completed pretty much everything. Therefore, 50bucks, meeeeh, too expensive.wait for a 5-10bucks deal..."
,Recommended,238090,14465253,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Guy LeDouche,"This game was worth the money.  I had a bad experience with Nazi Zombie Army 2 so I was a little hesitant to buy this, but am glad I did.  The single player storyline is great, even though a little short.  There is a lot of replayability with the different optional challenges and skill levels."
76561198037037201,Recommended,238090,14493760,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,MACKATTACK!,very fun game! highly recomended
76561198014136895,Recommended,238090,14497754,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Necromancer,"super short game, but nice to watch and play"
,Recommended,238090,14598452,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,hendri81kho,"Game yang bagus, pokoknya Keren deh"
76561198095418759,Not Recommended,238090,15840521,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Morgan Freeman,absolutley positively one of the worst games i have played by far. i couldnt  get past the 4th mission without uninstalling. save your money
76561198018405880,Recommended,238090,15925453,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Gypc,Take your time   ease the finger on the trigger   BANG your dead
76561197985972642,Recommended,238090,15905676,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,~Kamino~,Excellent FPS.
,Recommended,238090,16004093,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,icy,"some maps are just poorly designed. not a lot of freedom of movement. it's like a PC port of a console game. I think S.E 1, the first version was the best in atmosphere and depth; the rest seem to be just more and more watered down versions of the first, the best. all in all, not a bad game, but I didn't get the same excitement I got from the first ever one."
76561198016635700,Recommended,238090,16178047,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Super Shooter,"Yes, i love this game. I like all the blood and gore, and especially the slow motion when you get a good shot."
76561198137073961,Not Recommended,238090,16040675,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,INDOMINUS REX,The game is has no lan play which = money making scheme 101
,Recommended,238090,16346151,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Stewy,Great Graphics and fun to play.
,Recommended,238090,16345013,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Bodacious Rump Whisperer,"Aimed straight down and fired, bullet bounced up off the dirt and went through a nazi's bunghole in a very detailed X-ray cam.10/10 would perform long range proctology again."
,Recommended,238090,16350156,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Kumy in da HOOOUUUUUSE,"Everything in this game is amazing. The graphics are quite simply pieces of art put in a string and run through a screen, just simply magnificent. It's the first time I've tried the sniper elite franchise, and have already fallen in love with it. I do also hope the voice actors move on to the world of cinematography and start making films, cause they sound ♥♥♥♥ing awesome. The story is amazing, the program is stable and versatile, the multiplayer doesn't bug, there are little to no glitches, and it's only £12 right now. What's not to like?Buy now."
76561198062324461,Recommended,238090,16320374,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Stalin Madalion,"It seems like a very new aged, sniper game, one thing my freind Nikolai told to me, ""where is my mosin?"""
76561198003066842,Recommended,238090,15410717,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,SuperSpesh,"Not the best optimized game I have ever played.I have to play it in a window mode for some reason othervise I will get black bars around , because my computer cant run this at native 1080pjust a little strange port , but a good game regardless."
76561198046997888,Recommended,238090,16380101,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Australia Post,"Pretty awesome.. haven't played it much tho, but I will once I get time! Pew pew ;)"
76561198126939378,Recommended,238090,15552840,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,DeputyGovernorOfSmiles,"Nazis, desert, guilty pleasure kill cam.Sniper Elite 3 is pure fun, poses a challenge if you're up for it, or easy play through for the casual gamer.this is a title worth putting your money on the table for.+ visuals are great+ Nazis+ runs on my business potato+ customizable weapons and load out+ Nazis+ short loading times+ even more Nazis+ maps are fun to get around in, well designed+ god, you get to kill Hitler. what else do you want?- not enough Nazis"
,Recommended,238090,14386796,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Linkan,it's a fun game
,Recommended,238090,15712005,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,fatlipsrogers,good game for sniping and stealth
,Recommended,238090,15368404,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Tunloink,Sometimes you just want to snipe some people in a desert.Its one of those games.
,Recommended,238090,14384212,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,I ask myself; why tho?,Nut shot sim 201410/10 will nut shot again.
,Recommended,238090,14409540,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,rokku,"Play it like you should: as a stealth game, and it's quite enjoyable. Has better stealth and level design than Sniper Elite V2. Looks good too!What I dont like is how so many weapons are locked behind a DLC wall. The main game only has a small amount of weapons."
,Recommended,238090,15457045,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,bhcalcutta,"I bought this when it was on offer a while ago, but I can honestly say this is one of the few games that is actually worth the full price.The most realistic shooter game I've played so far, especially on the higher skill settings, where you have to allow for windage and bullet drop. Blowing up a Panzer with a couple of well aimed .303's is still a little far fetched though.The graphics are excellent, and the bullet strike shots entertaining, especially blowing someones b@lls off.Generally good storyline, keeping you engrossed while sating you desire to kill, maim & castrate NazisVery few bugs & crashes experienced in over 50 hours of play time.9.4/10"
,Recommended,238090,15364505,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Exabyt3,This game is worth the moneybut it is often on sale
,Not Recommended,238090,15450912,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,rivne2,"TL;DR; - AI is dumb as hell even on high difficulty levels. Guard finds officer dead with brains outside and keep walking around (with yellow marker) - just waiting to be killed like their officer.Pros:Nice graphics with decent framerateBullet cameraBullet physicsCan shoot down different body partsCons:Another e.g. of dumb AI: 3 people hear the shot (and get yellow markers); 1 person tells to other ""I'm going to check - wait for the 'clear' fire""; while he walks to check the shooting place, other 2 guys get boring and apparently forget what was 5 minutes ago; you simply kill 1 person with bare hands and then go for next 2 guys who are completely forgot about any shooting...Closed world - it looks like, during WW2 ppl didn't know how to get on the small hill; small raising ground is just ubearable mountain Everest for our Elite SniperNPC colliding - sometimes it's pretty easy to get double-kill, because NPC collide like siame twins"
,Recommended,238090,15560843,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,cookiemonster12,"By far one of the best games i have ever played would highly recommend playing it for any one who likes fps, action, war games i cant get enough of it!"
76561198150554400,Not Recommended,238090,15490338,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Reaper,crash simulator and complete garbage
,Recommended,238090,15425169,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Arcane Blades,This game is a blast. If you just feel like sniping some Nazis this is the game to do it in. I love the bullet cam...at times it can be too much but when you lower the bullet cam or turn it off you end up missing it. Just a fun game when you want a change. Graphics are fine. Takes a little while to get used to the movement controls....not sure if it was a port but sort of feels like it a bit...but not so bad that it's terribly annoying. You can climb in certain places but you can't jump which always annoys me in games. The game would be an even more fun game if it was a bit more open and you could jump and climb up wherever you wanted etc... I know it would be more work for the devs but would recommend that in the next installment of the series. I would also love to see more of an open world game like this.I really like the way the AI and stealth works. Just a fun game overall...worth 25 - $30 imo...not much more.
,Recommended,238090,16090735,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Super Sexy Solaire,TESTICULAR MANSLAUGHTER!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198032073737,Recommended,238090,16102605,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Jmech1986,"Even more of SE's great game play, this time set in some of the most dynamic and visually attractive environments that I've ever seen. Africa can be a pretty interesting place to set video games in, I think Rebellion did a really great job of capturing the feel of the desert.I'm not too worried about the story line in Sniper Elite games, but the main character (who's name I still didn't know until I looked it up online, it's Karl) is starting to make me cringe. Karl is an American sniper who deployed with the British Army (?), he drinks gravel smoothies, smokes eight packs of unfiltered cigarettes a day, and seems to delight in the idea that most of his English comrades will be dead soon...Karl is 100% unsympathetic which makes it kinda hard to care about what's happening in the narration. Luckily, Sniper Elite doesn't need a compelling story line to keep me happy, but in future games I would love to play as a main character  who is relatable or at the very least likable."
76561198042145848,Recommended,238090,16086468,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,HEAVY METAL ZOMBIE,"People complain too much about everything and any game .Great game and tons of fun.Why go stealth when you snipe away and watch body parts get blown apart .Shush complainers , please"
76561197972104411,Recommended,238090,15782369,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,TheChrispyKiller85,"Grab your favorite sidearm, grandmas apple pie, and a PBR because this is one game thats going to make you proud to be an American. Join Karl Fairburne, the ideal American male of his time who's never complained about his endless missions or lack or back up. This time you'll be stopping the production of a rather massive tank in Africa. Or if you feeling ambitious and don't mind coughing up extra money for the season pass you can kill hitler again and get all those guns you were wondering about that weren't included in the base game."
76561198086747436,Recommended,238090,15848726,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,MARINE588,"Pretty graphic, and this is the Best Sniper game."
76561198165181400,Not Recommended,238090,16117106,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Good Sir.,"I'm angry. In comparison to Sniper Elite V2 I feel like they made 10 steps backwards instead of making 10 steps forwards. Yes they added new features, yes the graphics are better... BUT WHO CARES ABOUT SMALL IMPROVEMENTS WHEN THE MAPS ARE HORRENDOUSLY UN-EVENLY DISTRIBUTED TO THE EXTENT WHERE I FEEL LIKE A MICROCHIP STUCK INSIDE A CYBORG. (I'm referring to the Multiplayer experience). I've never thought I would write a steam review but I just must express my opinion so that others avoid spending $45,99 on a product which is worse than the previous releases. If you're looking for an incredibly balanced sniper multiplayer game, buy Sniper Elite V2. If you're looking to stay in one spot in a ghillie suit and possibly take out two shots in a span of 30 minutes or run around with your pistol slaying everyone who are more concentrated on looking at a wall, Sniper Elite 3 is for you. (90% of the servers don't even have bullet drop). If this game was around a $15 price tag I would have less complaints, however ruffing up the  price to $45 from the last release is outrageous, pushy and simply unfair. The choice is yours, I do not recommend this game. (But I do fully recommend Sniper Elite V2)"
,Recommended,238090,16117402,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,[Kentish],"It is a shame you can't comment on comments, a lot of the butthurt negative reviews are from people that do not understand the game mechanics, if you shoot someone with no sound cover then people would hear it.. also you can just duck down behind a wall and they will stop looking - take a shot and kill a guy - wait for them to stop looking for you and repeat, it isn't rocket science - you don't have to run away, and i'm playing on authentic difficulty just as I did for Sniper Elite 2. There is a lot of shooting people with pistols yes, but you are doing COVERT MISSIONS what the hell do you expect? it is common knowledge that every soldier has a sidearm at their disposal. You aren't going to be able to snipe everyone in the game and that makes it more of a challenge, I find this game a good alternative when I need to relax, nothing quite beats sniping soldiers from the other side of the map to cries of ""he is out of range"" from the fallen soldiers comrades. This game is worth a play, play it on authentic, and same goes for the nazi zombie games, or you are not even getting a fraction of what the game is about."
76561198087492498,Recommended,238090,16118618,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,toto le mojang,"this game is a very very nice sniper game. its totally worst it because there are so many thing to do like finish the campain on authentic, finish the game with a friend, multyplayer... the only thing i don't like is when you do a very good match in multyplayer, the host kick you because he think you are cheating... its happen all the time when i play multyplayer with noobies who shoot your sniper nest/position with the rocket luncher. its an easy target because you see where the rocket come from so you have just to shoot his position and BAM he died. And i got kick for that seriously ??Anyways exept that thing in the multyplayer, its an AWESOME game. fuuly recommanded"
76561198091739713,Recommended,238090,16147186,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Ween Official,Its cool
,Recommended,238090,16249999,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,SirDeity,"The Sniper Elite games are consistently average or mediocre in most respects. However, their primary appeal and their saving grace (essentially the reason I buy these games) is the 'oh-so-satisfying' bullet-cam! Yes, you can watch your sniper bullets as they slice through the air and travel to your enemy, but that's not all. You can watch an exaggerated display of the damage your bullet does as it passes through your victims; From skull and brain matter bursting out the exit wound to the exploding of vital organs in the torso. It sounds more gruesome than it actually is, and you can control the frequency of bullet-came sequences. Fortunately, witnessing the bodily destruction of your Nazi victims is enough to pull you back again and again until the bitter-sweet end.As mentioned in the beginning, the other aspects of the game are only average at best. This includes categories such as graphics, sound, storyline, scripting, voice acting, level design, and replayability. Remove the bullet-cam features and I'd recommend only buying this game if you see it on sale for $5.00 or less. However, with the bullet-cam, I'd say it is worth up to $15-$20. So don't pay much for it, but if you see it on sale and enjoy shooter games with bullet-cam sequences, grab it and immerse yourself into the life of an elite sniper.6.5/10"
,Recommended,238090,15631726,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Mrs. Emma 'Bob' Peel,"Looks good, exciting levels, worth spending quite some time on even though I am not that attracted to the desert atmosphere."
,Recommended,238090,15633093,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,TheCommunist.,I shot a guy in his testies. Cartman would be disappointed at me.
,Recommended,238090,15825031,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,DolgVlaPet,"I've been really excited about this game, but as turns out, I liked the second part way better. It's not bad, just different.Though the silent takedowns and alternative weapon parts are a good addition. I'd say it's a 7/10."
,Recommended,238090,15755695,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,George .W. Kush,A nice looking underrated game. Deserves more praise than it got. Biggest flaw is that all the maps were the same
76561198018547485,Recommended,238090,15934478,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Kantab,"Damn good game, worth buying. Tops"
,Recommended,238090,15732204,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Sentry Valkyrie,The way it shows you killing them is amazing!
,Not Recommended,238090,13467514,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Anders,"If you buy it at a discount it is worth the money but it is not a game I will be revisiting in the future after playing it through (12h). The maps are large and I liked the sneaking but there were some annoying things like some weapons you couldn't pickup because you were not high in level or didnt have the dlc or whatever. Also the bots are tremendously stupid, e.g after they find a dead fellow soldier they are worried for about 30 seconds then they forget about it - I mean come on!"
,Recommended,238090,15792707,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,[NWA] Cylias,I love shooting♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198067479640,Recommended,238090,18272875,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,ColtyCamo,"Great sniping game, stealth is lacking; but I usually play to snipe everything that moves."
76561198152054351,Recommended,238090,18273348,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,INSTIG8TR,"What a rush, I have every add on and I'm still interested in more.Is thier new add ons scenereos  coming out?"
76561197981025224,Not Recommended,238090,18276168,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Extreme1,Game has poor graphics feels like a video game from 2003. is not very exciting and no alot about being a sniper. I can not believe i paid 49.95 for this. Afer playingthe game for about 4 hours I would still be pressed to pay the 9 bucks or what ever  it is on sell sorry guys  just not a good designed game
,Recommended,238090,18282232,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Mr Jefferson,this game has robably the coolest snipers known to man and has a real ww2 feel to it.
76561198123412837,Recommended,238090,18267670,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,python4161 4K,"Its lung bursting, eye popping, heart pumping, side splitting fun.Would definately pop Hitler's balls in st Georges hall and the Irish sea again."
,Recommended,238090,18301810,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,undetecteeed,"A very nice game!Amazing actions,moves and that thing,when you shot someone and the bullet in animated. :)"
76561198122418189,Recommended,238090,18302048,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,VinceAbate,fun
,Recommended,238090,18266793,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Yeezus,"I don't play it too long, but it's actually already funny :D"
,Recommended,238090,18268171,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,TylerK,"Absolutely amazing game, for anyone who enjoyed the previous sniper elite titles, this is the game for you. It's really fun when you play on the higher difficulties and try to stay stealthy, I only alerted guards twice throughout the whole campaign in one of my playthroughs, I felt so good at the end of that one."
76561197972556427,Recommended,238090,18270220,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,TaSwavo,"I never played the original Sniper Elite and any comparison with it would be trite and based upon nostalgia anyway.But I loved Sniper Elite 2, as did a great many people.Sniper Elite 3 is not the great leap forward from 2 that it was from the original.The graphics are better but for many gamers the alterations in gameplay will be the key...The much toted engine kill graphics are cool once or twice but lack the detail of angle and impact point of the body shots. I thought they'd be similarly detailed (as they were heralded by the developers) but they are are not. VERY cool but pretty much repetitious - shoot it twice in the engine 'highlighted area' and it goes boom...The only real thing I didn't like about the game is that, in some areas (that are big, or you take a long time in) you have respawn. In some cases this is behind you in a canyon... if they catered for it with new truck arrival to locations it would make more sense and one could prepare for it.In general though  - anyone that like SE2 will like SE3Perhaps many will like it less because the Africa campaign was very British (my granddad was there and up in to Italy - and still very much alive btw :) ) We all think of the Germany or France war films when we play games...I'd buy it again at full price as I did - if it's cheaper... you'd be silly not to, tbh"
,Recommended,238090,18264144,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,This is my HERO,Great if you want to play multiplayer... other than that... not worth single player
76561197971327182,Recommended,238090,18264279,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,{RPF}Wolf,Excellent fun - frustratingly good AI and some good storytelling all make for a game that keeps you coming back for more even after you finished playing through the campaign.
76561198169545606,Recommended,238090,18255905,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,KC78,I like the way it follows the shot.
,Recommended,238090,18255320,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Jyncs,You don't need all the DLC's to play this game. I have not purchased any and completed the game. Sure the extras would be nice but I'm not paying for all the extras.The game is nice and has a great flow. Either you can try to stealth it or go balls out. I tried a combination of both.
76561198025303183,Recommended,238090,18260673,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,44TZL,"Double headshot in juicy slow-mo. Pure gold.Most enjoyable single player FPS in a long, long time. 10/10"
76561198160927332,Recommended,238090,18225125,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Geronjimo,Having never played the other sniper games I picked this up on recomendation from a friend.After only 5 hours of play so far I can say it was money well spent.
76561198031114879,Recommended,238090,13481914,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Airedale,"I've been playing this game for about 10 hours and I'm thoroughly enjoying it.   I really enjoyed Sniper Elite 2 and this is a worth successor.  You can set the difficulty to realistic, if you like a real challenge, or to cadet if you don't want your toon to die.So far, I've found no bugs and haven't had any crashes."
76561198013201514,Recommended,238090,18254724,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,GUSTASMAXIMUS,too short
76561197985289217,Not Recommended,238090,18254811,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,GuiDH,"I like SNIPER elite, for SNIPING, something that you can't do 95% of the time in this game, its a pitty..."
,Recommended,238090,18255244,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,belgias,"very good game,the history a little too short ."
76561198052214710,Recommended,238090,14407720,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,johnny_m_j,"Less stealthish than excepted, but still a great sniper game.It's kinda short, so you ""need"" the DLC missions to enjoy it fully, so I wouldn't say it's worth the full price, since it gets expensive with the DLCs.Buy the game + season pass (includes all DLCs) next time it's on a big sale, you won't regret it."
76561198065441203,Recommended,238090,14441481,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Tezza,Fantastic game enjoy every part of it but wish it was longer
76561198104774897,Recommended,238090,14441743,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,smell_the_ashes,"Short campaign beat in 3;38 hours. Fun game, realy short, like 6 levels"
76561198203714352,Recommended,238090,14441887,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,musthavecake,"Great game! Loved the detection system and maps. AI was pretty good as well. A ""must have"" for your game library!"
,Recommended,238090,14449208,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Cravenmist,its a great game when you are a real gamer you need to have this
,Recommended,238090,14453053,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Doc Holiday,very good game for these reasons:.graphics are amazing (depending on pc).gameplay is smooth.muiltiplayer is competitive and fun.friendly online communitywhere could be improved:.story line was a little short.lee-enfield is they only sniper WORTH using.game is P2W in muiltiplayer ( but its still fun )
,Recommended,238090,14453055,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,LakuPope,"An improvement over Sniper Elite V2.Pros:+ Larger areas.+ Better graphics and sound design.+ Even better bullet-camera and x-ray.+ Decent length. Took me 11h to complete on Marksman (Normal) difficulty.Cons:- AI is beyond stupid.- The storyline is boring.- No Rommel?- Boring main character(s).7/10""Grab it from sale!"""
76561198005919137,Not Recommended,238090,14508357,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Provoker,"The game is certainly an improvement from V2, but I can't really recommend it.Realistic ballistics are as real as drunk bears on bicycles in the middle of Moscow, meaning it can happen once a year on a very cold winter evening when everyone is so drunk that they have no other option but to use the circus bear as a designated driver.The realism of the game is also negatively affected by a ""hold your breath we show were to shoot"" reticule, however without it you will have a lot of trouble pulling of mid-to-long range shots.The game is also short and DLC's are a money extortion as those extra mission should've been provided for free to compensate the shortness of main campaign.The AI is dumb, but not dumb dumb, but like lobotomized Nazi imbecile clone solders dumb. As long as you shoot down everyone without giving away your position and relocate there will be no alarm or active hunt, even if there is a dead bode per square metre of the map. It is even funnier when you do not go through the mission in a linear manner and just clear the whole map. If after that you complete the main objective and the game gives you another one in the other area of the map you may find yourself observing newly spawned Nazi super smart soldaten calmly walking amongst dead bodies that you left there.Having said that the game have some pros:•	You can completely stealth almost every map•	The multi-layer is fun•	a huge improvemnet on V2•	worth a buy on a sale for $20 with al DLC's (that's what I did)•	Option to kill Nazi's if your PC can't handle Wolfenstein: The New OrderFor more reviews joinhttp://steamcommunity.com/groups/ogrreview/"
,Recommended,238090,14502401,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,rebeldesigner,"Great game... actually since years I've been attached to Call of Duty in a way that nothing could take the place... but this game is simply awesome, that since I started playing Sniper Elite 3, I actually stopped playing Call of Duty. Plus the multiplayer is amazing (specially if you are into sniper thingy). I'm so happy upon buying this game... Thank you creaters..."
76561198049354505,Recommended,238090,14503900,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,B00nkerz,i could have bought a few lol skins .....  worst discision EVER
,Recommended,238090,14503909,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,trams,I got a testicle shot.10/10
,Not Recommended,238090,14504558,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Necro,"I love playing with sniper in stealth mode in most games, and I was having so much fun in Far Cry 3 conquering bases with my sniper that I had the bright idea of buying a game totally dedicated to it. Terrible deal... Sniper Elite 3 appears to be just another no-brainer shooter old-fashioned that was adapted to take stealth elements. It has some good ideas, like the first shot warn the enemies about the presence of a shooter and the second reveals your position. So in theory you would have to shoot once and change position, but in practice the scenario are so claustrophobic that you virtually have no other options. So you basically start to alternating between two positions, or just shoot, runs a few yards away in the corridor and simply returns to the same position. Soon the mechanics becomes so tiring that you simply decides that it is better come out firing and f*** the stealth.Worse, the mechanics of shooting is stupid, such as having to consider the decay and the shooting speed for a distance of just 5 yards. Normal consider this for a distance of 100 yards, but for as short distances like 10 or 20 yards it is simply bizarre.Regarding the story of the game.... it has story? Or is it just ""kill the Nazis !!! uhum !!!"" ?Take it from me, better to just buy another shooter and choose to have a sniper as your main weapon."
,Recommended,238090,15486449,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,ForkedEntry,A fantastic stealth game that tests your creativity in solving problems rather than just reflexes.
76561197993485371,Recommended,238090,15526326,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Findus,"Played SE2 before this and had high hopes for this game! And it lived up to some of them.I don't know if I like or hate the medicpacks you need to get more health, it makes the game a lot harder (only tried the game on the hardest setting) and will probably get you stuck at levels for a time but if you have the patient to find a new way around your problem you'll realize you kind of like it.If it wasn't for all DLC you'll have to buy I'ld give it 5/5 BUT they are expensive and you shouldn't need to pay more money for an already expensive game!Wait for it to get on sale and it's totally worth it!"
,Recommended,238090,14970645,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,maddog,What a nice game! Shooting!! Slow motion!! ♥♥♥♥♥♥ story!!
76561198037365307,Recommended,238090,18338380,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,amputator,Very good game 10/10
,Recommended,238090,18310312,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,A Concerned Citizen,afriga :DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD
,Recommended,238090,18306440,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Artas,"Good game, + x-ray. Hit them in the testicles :D"
76561197974099497,Not Recommended,238090,18376771,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,WaltGrizzly,The developers needed to take a lesson in basic ballistics.....
76561198095915500,Recommended,238090,18376964,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Failure101,Really good game. The slow motion kills are amazing!!!
,Recommended,238090,18370575,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,aVe,"I've recommended this game even if I still have mixed feeling about it.There are some aspects of the game that are unsatisfying or broken- Sometimes the weapons do not fire. It's not a gameplay choice (like ""jammed"") but more a controller issue. And it's deadly.- The camera has some follow through when you aim, so it doesn't stop where you want. You have to learn to compensate.- The end of the story is somewhat anti-climactic. I expected a final fight after blowing up the factory, but it never came.In spite of these, I found this third opus of Sniper Elite more engaging than the previous ones :- The rendering of Africa, both at day and night is beautiful- The levels layout offers many ways to approach your mission and take care of enemies- All the new features of the ""enemy radar"" (tagging with your binoculars, sensing where the enemies are, and being informed of their level of awareness) offers a new and refreshing game experience.Like previous Sniper Elite games, you'll have to switch between quiet approach + silent kills, long range kills and messy rifle shooting. Each one has advantages and disadvantages, a carries a specific risk / reward.I encourage you to play this game if you appreciate on-the-fly planning and careful execution !"
,Recommended,238090,18381706,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Monocly Man,You can shoot someone in the balls and see the x-ray kill-cam for it. No other words are neccesary.
76561198115574925,Recommended,238090,18391007,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Trasion,Amazing games for passing time not the kind of game you would spend countless hours on but you can always hope on and play a mission then hope off the game play is repeative but different environments help keep it from getting stagnent10/10 would shoot hitler in the testy again
76561198124657529,Not Recommended,238090,18452056,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,fulla987654,"game keeps crashing my computer after 2 minutes of playing it, did some research and im no the only one with people exp the same issues...  tried everything from turning off supersampling and all the filters, even run it on LOW settings and lower resolutions but it still crashes and when my computer restarts the fans turn off again at full capacity.I have no problems running Ultra settings on other games...my specs are AMD FX-8320 8 core processor, 8G ram with a GTX 560 oc edition running at 4 GZ"
,Recommended,238090,18455672,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,farmer_jays,best stealth and sniper game!
76561198123886452,Not Recommended,238090,18461419,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,GROGMOG,"I enjoyed Sniper II, and find this game to be a great evolution, other than the fact that the maps promote close combat kills rather than long shots. I play on elite without aim-assist, so I LIKE the difficulty of making difficult long-shots, and I like doing it as much as possible. Knowing that I can easily slink around and CQC kill (almost) everyone kind of takes away from the experience. I can deal with that though. it's still a fun game.The one thing that ruins it for me is, for whatever reason, the game freezes CONSTANTLY. It runs fine, at 60 fps with everything on ultra, but it randomly, and frequently freezes. I have to Ctrl/Alt/Del and start task manager to close the game and restart. Changing graphics settings didn't make a difference, so I just have to remember to save every 2 minutes and deal with it. This hasn't happened with ANY other game on my current hardware. This aggravation is why I give it two annoyed thumbs down."
,Recommended,238090,18428089,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Tytus,"This game is pure awesomeness. It's not a fast paced game which is refreshing compared to most shooter games. Unlike COD and BF4, you actually have to use stealth and plan out your actions well in advance. On the plus side my now antique GTX 570 can run all settings at Ultra, so any newer card will do just fine."
76561198015566513,Recommended,238090,18299491,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,MOT@ TenT ®,"really like the guns in this,and it runs very smooth!"
76561198162356952,Not Recommended,238090,18287822,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,WERE BACK,i spend 5 hours to load and it ****ing crashs its a good game but wy?
,Recommended,238090,18293042,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Bosti,Very good game. I recommand it.
76561198079180250,Not Recommended,238090,18314753,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,ThatWasNuts,Simply wont launch...
76561198129997399,Recommended,238090,18304016,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Zroex,Awsome game
,Recommended,238090,18304544,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Darkorian,Shot a guy in the balls for freedom. 10/10 would shoot testicles again.
,Recommended,238090,20870389,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,N4O ッ,"An Awesome XRAY + Slow-mo Sniper AdventureThis game contains, a stress and rage if you play Multiplayer, because everyone use Sniper. (its my story i got 0 kills 10 deaths)Pros+ Awesome graphics+ XRAY+ Slow-mo+ Realistic Sniper (it likes, you shot in real life)+ Hiding/Sneaking to kill (like Assasin C****)+ Multiplayer Support+ Nice Story+ There is a nice thing, that make your Sniping more Stable+ You can see testicles (LOL!)+ Co-opCons- Sometimes, the visibilty thingy doesn't even work- Make the Slow-mo better (sometimes it just like you shot wrong, but it isn't)- Nothing- Okay seriouly i have no idea what this Negative from this this game, it just AWESOME- Okay this is last- I mean this is last.- OKAY IM DONEgot XRAYED the Testicles, shot from testicles to Liver.btw, i have no friend that play SE3, maybe just 1 and other wishlist (and my friend that have this game never played it until now)19.7/20 Love the Xray thingy."
76561198092835839,Not Recommended,238090,20928103,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,hunterkiller013,"terrible, i played it for 9 hours on ultra then the game started crashing over and over. It got worse too. It started crashing after i played it for 5 minutes, then recently, it started crashing after i started it up, won't even let me get to the main menu. DON'T get this game. Not worth it."
76561198144701878,Recommended,238090,20972142,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,✯技HowlinGFuRy福 hellcase.co,The game has an amazing storyline and also the graphics are good and it can run on not so good computers so pretty awesome i must say :D
76561197962049265,Not Recommended,238090,20961009,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,wolfey321,"This game is like really bad sex. You continue on in the hopes that it gets better, but it never does. This game holds your hand every step of the way, telling you  where to aim, when to hide, when to shoot, who to shoot, where they are, and whether or not they know where you are while the Ai continually announces their plans to flank-complete with English subtitles. All the while, your♥♥♥♥♥♥is going floppy because there is absolutely no enjoyment in this completely forced feeling clunker-nutter of a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of a videogame. I find myself just going through the motions, just like bad sex. This game tries to appeal to even the lowest common denominator-whiney eight year olds with consoles and zero skill. In doing so, it completely alienates the true, hardcore fanbase that, let's face it, MADE Sniper Elite so successful. We voted with our dollars, putting our confidence in the developers that they would produce a game that was fun to play and posed at least a minimal challenge. Unfortunately however, in their mission to appeal to the largest possible demographic with the goal of receiving the highest possible payout, the product is a game that literally hurts to play. Needless to say, if another Sniper Elite comes out, I plan on passing.Bottom line: realism. If your game doesn't have it, I don't want your game. Next, they'll be putting health bars over the nazi's heads, and numbers pour out of their bodies instead of blood each time they get shot."
76561198134221199,Not Recommended,238090,20951996,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Paixillation,"So far, I only finished this game for the sake of the money that I spent and bloody uninstalled it. Just don't buy it. Doesn't worth it. Mechanics of silent appoach just ♥♥♥♥ed up. You got hit behind the wall and I don't even wanna mention the bugs that I came acroos. Doesn't even have a proper story.I hope I saved your greens to spend some other game."
76561198072959933,Recommended,238090,21013691,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,dot,"If you think this game is like Sniper Elite 2, you're wrong.It's a fantastic game, but it feels more like, crouching simulator. Granted, I did play on Sniper Elite.When playing Sniper Elite 3, ALOT more planning is involved in kills, more than others.The new single player campaigns giev you much more free reign, as in you can choose how you complete it. However I did find it very difficult to navigate without sneaking for 95.4% of the time.Bullet trajectory predicting is much more difficult. (I played Sniper Elite difficulty) and the wind changes ALL THE TIME.The welrod becomes a requirement basically. If you don't have it, you'll probably die!Anyways I would rate this game a 7/10 but would recommend new gamers who enjoy this type of sniping, to get Sniper Elite 2 first."
,Recommended,238090,20990176,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Rapha,"Those who enjoy some action and strategy mixed in the same game will probably love it.I spent many hours doing and redoing missions while trying to achieve the perfect run without being spotted.Sniper Elite could follow Pay Day 2 steps and release more significant missions and DLCs. I mean, there are some DLCs and weapon packs but they do not worth the money you spend on."
,Recommended,238090,21004888,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,D1m3nSi0nZz,Shooting someone in the nuts has never been soo detailed... I have problems.........
,Recommended,238090,21166266,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Bear,Great Gameplay & Storyline .
76561198098695196,Recommended,238090,21167926,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Radicaldus,"Bought on impulse, expecting a call of duty-esque shooter.  Pleasantly surprised.Good graphics/high framerate even on lower quality machines.You get all the weapons you'd expect-sniper, smg, pistol, all of which are customizable.Good stealth mechanics.  I'm reminded of hitman absolution without the disguises.Comes with a couple environmental mechanics, like shooting explosive crates and sabotaging vehicles to create a distraction.  Enemy AI is challenging without being unfair.Overall 9/10.  Only downside is, crashes happen sometimes, and the missions are long without a mid-mission save.  So, 2 hours in, it crashes, I'm annoyed."
,Recommended,238090,21037915,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,{EXP#}[AGC]Vaski,Is a good game however make sure your pc can run it
,Recommended,238090,21026773,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,lxrd,"8/10 , too short :/"
,Recommended,238090,21038315,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Mayor Milo,"This is not a perfect sniping game by any sense of the word, but it is fun and adrenaline-pumping. The multiplayer is fun too; it does provide a nice tense atmosphere, though there are some B.S. moments both in singleplayer and multiplayer.7/10"
76561198052314888,Recommended,238090,21054735,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,jesterly,"nice grapical and playstyle update from sniper elite v2, i did feel it a bit lacking at first that there was no good locations for longshots, or conceal sounds for shots, and was forced to go into stealth with my welrod and knife"
,Recommended,238090,21045887,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,neorist,"""OUCH MY BALLS"" enemy said :v xaxaxa..."
,Not Recommended,238090,21178559,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,hmpf,"Booring maps, bad stealth, npcs are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,238090,20462914,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,G1GHORTRIDER,"Don't judge my review by my playtime on this game, I put in many hours on my xbox one before I could get a pc, and play the game on this. Anyways, this is the most realistic sniper game out on the market, as of now, and it's that way for a reason. The physics is top notch, as well as the human anatomy. Until 2014 shooting someone in the balls has never looked and been so entertaining."
76561198052359361,Recommended,238090,21200232,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,MagicBlaze The Insane,Will play again... and again... until my .... scratch that will play again and again...... and again..... and...
76561198134792930,Recommended,238090,19817227,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,kstanley01,"Overall, the game is enjoyable to play (although it has drawbacks as described below).  It has excellent graphics on everything (maps, tanks, infantry, everything).  For single player it is generally a very well done AAA game.There are a couple of drawbacks though.  Biggest problem is the multiplayer is VERY poorly designed.  Basically it consists of 12 players sitting and camping waiting for someone to move so they can finally take a shot.  VERY boring.  This is the reason there are very few players playing the game in multiplayer.  What multiplayer desperately needs is a substantial number of AI bots.  That way one can shoot at the AI bots while waiting for a shot at other players.  That would be quite fun if done properly.Another thing that the game needs is more single player challenges in which one can snipe at enemies without going through the campaign.  Unfortunately, there are only 2 maps for these ""challenges"" and the style of play can get old.  It is basically a run and ""relocate"" style and the relocating can get quite old.  The fun part of sniping is generally, well, sniping.  Having to constantly relocate and run around the map detracts from that."
,Recommended,238090,19873587,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,mylta,"Every German soldier in this game: ""Was war das?""Was war das? Was war das? Was war das? Was war das? Was war das? Was war das? Was war das?"
76561197970426813,Recommended,238090,11174651,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,berth.ljunggren,"I enjoyed this game was very stable on my computer at least, no crashes or anything.I found the ballistics a bit weird at times like when a guy is hiding behind a metal railing and i can't hit him, or if i am hiding behind something that i should be able to shoot trough, but i had to stand to hit the target :)You also have some super soldiers that can take 2 hits to the chest and just keep coming.Performance was quite ok considering the game looks quite good, but after a few hours of playing the fans in my computer was working hard(i7ee with a gtx590, cpu is watercooled)All in all i had a good time, but i felt the game was very short, almost felt like playing a game with a trainer or god mode on.If you like sniping i would recomend this game."
76561198031359011,Recommended,238090,11177377,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Dib19,"This was a lot of fun, however I think V2 is a little better, but if you like sniping and sneaking around then this is a game for you."
,Recommended,238090,11184874,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Ben_646,this game is really fun to play.
76561198084701020,Recommended,238090,10939519,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,SSSA|Jagdpanther,"Hello dear upcoming Sniper Elite III player,I've played all of the Rebellion Sniper Elite games and I 'm very happy about the third part of this great game.I've made up a small list of pro's and contra of this game:+ The ambient and the country are very well created and detailed.+ Lots of new things to find and to discover.+ Detailed weapons and NEW extra parts for customisation+ The well known bullet effect cam and the fantastic balistics+ lots of different ways to finish a mission- the pathing through valleys and the straight line story- lvl based unlock system (weapons, additional parts, aso.)- a lil translation problems in the settings (wtf does mouse delay reducing mean)- point gathering for every replayed mission (no matter how often u do a single mission)- problems in coop modus and delayed actions together ( not major probs but u recognise it)Review after the first 3 missionGREAT GAME ---> BUY IT --->TELL A FRIEND --->PLAY COOP --->HAVE FUNBTW The addon TARGET HITLER is nearly a must have for fans of the series"
76561197986127042,Recommended,238090,11234327,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Saint,"THIS IS JUST THE SINGLE PLAYER REVIEW: A bit disappointed with this one...  Owl, Pretoryan, and Drake hit the nails on the head ( or coffin). This had HUGE potential but it seems as though it just wasn't finished. One of the MOST annoying things is the killl cam. Often, you rounds arent sync'd properly with the skulls and you have bullets penetrating empty space. I can still recommend this game, but wait until it goes on sale. Maybe they'll do an update or something that will address our concerns... Hope Springs Eternal, but I am a Saint after all - a BaadSaint."
76561198126206741,Recommended,238090,11238444,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,ninja,"ok this is a good game and very fun. just because u have to pay for more guns to be unlocked doesnt mean its a bad game now if u like games tht dont have tht then u might as well stay with the crapiest game CoD. and just because its not finished doesnt mean its a bad ame either..there are alot of games tht aren't finished yet...for instince dayZ,forest..etc..BUT if u like stealth games and sniping games then this is a game for u.my opinion i rate it a 9/10, this is not by IGN's standards because they are crap. but i rate it tht because of the resolutions..only problem."
76561197999423975,Recommended,238090,11208935,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Halloween,"Sniper Elite 3 is much better than Sniper: Ghost Warrior for many times1- it's an open world game. can kill enemy any way you like, but in Sniper: Ghost Warrior you have to follow the order and it's like a team work game.2- Sniper Elite 3 has many weapens you can use grenade  etc.. .. 4 types of snipers , 4 types of other weapons and there is an XP ranking up which is like RPG Action game.3- in Sniper ghost warrior you just have to kill the enemy but in Sniper Elite 3 you can kill enemy and also you can collent some like secret things for example finding objects ( Sniper Nest - Long Shot - Collectible Card - War Diary and etc.. )4- Both game have good graphic but in Sniper Elite 3 when there is sunshine is a little annoying for me .. can't see the target clearly"
76561198055722347,Recommended,238090,11188382,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Mykola Ykrayina,"Great game. Would have loved to see more weapons to choose from, like in V2, and more levels, but still a good game."
,Recommended,238090,11156771,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Tommy Rock,Great game!! Really good fun....
76561198010111541,Recommended,238090,11156957,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,El Cubano,"What an incredible sequel to an awesome game! All the features that made Sniper Elite V2 a hit with some added content such as a sneaking mechanic, customizable weapons and the ability to use interactable items in game to mask your shots. I love this game!"
,Recommended,238090,11157688,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Lazarus,good stuff
,Recommended,238090,11158289,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Stealthkiller01,good but short Campiagn.Can be hard sometimes.
76561198099133625,Recommended,238090,11160927,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Silver,"By far one of my new favorites. Easy to just play through, but fir those who want a challenge, it has plenty."
76561198032081304,Recommended,238090,18536485,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,39HUDSON,A step up from V2 but i recomend to play them both....dont take it too serious and you have a blast...specialy in this one there is a huge amount of ways to succeed and of course blow of some balls :)
,Not Recommended,238090,18690010,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Hanstoppable,"Not worth the full price.I didn't do my research before buying the game. I thought it would be an immersive sniper gamer, but the game is an arcade.The history/character development/cutscenes are so superficial that you won't even care. Atm I cant even read the war diaries cause I can't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥to it...You can have fun with the game after you realize that stealth, relocate, sound-masking shots, all that crap don't mean♥♥♥♥♥♥and you start playing it as a sniper arcade game where you will be using the power of math to make some nice headshots and testicles shots to get the most satisfying kill cam in any game you will ever play. Seriously, stealth is useless and not funny at all. Just go full Sniper-Rambo.The game is bad optimized and have some gamebraking bugs where you will have to restart an entire mission just because bad programming is real. Had to play the Siwa Oasis Mission 4 times, one of them because I wanted to laugh a little bit at some generals that wanted to make a meeting above my mine trap, after the mission failure one of the generals is programmed to be on alert resulting in a loop of mission failures until you press esc and restart the mission... The collectible system is just useless and painfull. I mean, you are a Sniper, you got a mission to do as fast as possible to turn the tides of war, you are alone in enemy territory, are you REALLY GOING TO ENTER IN EVERY SINGLE TENT to look for porn Collectible Cards and letters of the loved ones from the soldiers that you just shoot the testicles off with a sniper shot?The game is good but when I see a game at this price tag I believe that I will be getting something polished what is not the case. The full price is just a steal, buy it when you have a 80% off sale."
,Recommended,238090,18675573,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Roger - Gizmo HITW,"Love this game, ballistics are fun. going hard mode even more fun. Just good play and for sure the sniper replays showing what parts got blown appart is really cool to see."
,Recommended,238090,18688197,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Sehrox,1. Shoot a nazi without any sound to cover your shot2. Hide like a retard from the angry nazis3.  Rinse and repeat
76561197992453705,Recommended,238090,18474405,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,--LaKasaflark,I got this for 10€ and it's well worth its price.It's a good stealth game with pretty and well optimized visuals.
,Not Recommended,238090,18474451,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,One_Giant,"positive: its looks amazing, The stealth is awesome and also the xray visions is great.Negative: its too short for this game not so much campain maps,"
,Recommended,238090,18464879,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Crunchfish,"This games graphics are a 7 out of 10. the gameplay is pretty smooth. Playing on cadet is very easy. Just run down the street shooting people hiding in buildings. It doesnt even feel like this game has a story, but the levels are nice. I got this game on sale. I think that its worth getting but its gotta be on sale first. Oh and the bullet cam gets hella annoying, and i dont know how to turn it off. oh well. space bar skips the video but you hit space after every kill."
76561198158041276,Recommended,238090,18401981,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,=LD=RonMarley,"It's a pretty awesome game overall! the multiplayer world is GREAT, and works all the way with survivals and co-op and such. but I have to admit, the CAMPAIGN is so RESTRICTED, very very disapointing, but the rest works surpricingly WELL! 4/5 stars from here"
,Recommended,238090,18639598,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,DUDA,It is just a great stealth shooter
,Recommended,238090,17888129,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,school (school),Now I can watch a more complex version of that one video where that guy gets shot in deez nuts and through the head of the guy behind him.10/10
,Recommended,238090,17869619,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,SystemAnonymous,Too easy! xDComplete in short time =]Testicle shots/Lung Shots/Heart shots.Graphics was great!highly recommended!
76561197998851711,Recommended,238090,18714660,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,MedicineManRx,Best sniper game ever!
,Recommended,238090,18716467,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Johnny BRAVO,10/10
76561198054920849,Recommended,238090,18702484,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,munrod,Excellent.
76561198000794959,Not Recommended,238090,18774865,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Oddrog,"Very dissapointing. If you like easy games then you´ll like this game, if your a Hitman fan stay away from SniperElite, its just not fun....... What I find most dissapointing is that there is no training that teaches you how to snipe taking account of distance and wind. This means you need to use the red assist marker making it all♥♥♥♥♥♥easy. If I could be taught where to aim given distance and wind then every kill would be extremely gratifying....but its not so :( and another thing, if a bunch of guys hears your shot and get alerted to your presence realistically it would be game over. This isnt the case, they look for you and if they can´t find you they go back to doing what they were doing before, too easy......"
,Recommended,238090,12292858,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,💠💎I am Setsuna💎💠,"Congrats, your completely overpowerd, and if you like seeing how effectivly your killing your fellow man than this is the game for you!"
76561198032120558,Recommended,238090,12364038,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Who,"I rarely buy vanity DLC for any game unless its an A+ game, Guns, Ammo & Extras are just eye candy. SE3  is perfectly playable with the current weapon set, and there is plenty of fun to be had.My rating for Sniper Elite 3 is a solid C+, based on the games OWN merits."
,Recommended,238090,12321240,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Kallra,This is a game that I can sink hours into and never get board.
76561197970808000,Recommended,238090,12313801,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,antz,"Great game; the sniping is excellent and the stealth works well so you can replay with different tactics depending on your style. The challenge mode is a great addition too, and makes for some exciting gameplay. The only criticism is that the bullets hit the wall from which you are taking cover even though you can see the enemy clearly through the scope. Some scenery become obstacles such as the lamps/lights on the walkways so you have to walk a fair distance around them. Overall I rate this game highly and I have racked up quite a few hours in single player mode [have not played multiplayer yet]."
76561197996365323,Recommended,238090,12332750,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,GrimPhobos,"Its actually a pretty awesome game.  Kind of compares to the newer Tomb Raider and Last of Us games.  A lot of stealth is required playing this game, but it's worth it!!!"
,Recommended,238090,12237480,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,HitaChee,Highly Recomend this sensational game (Graphics are ingenious and historical)
76561197960351860,Recommended,238090,12247202,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,[D-D] Napalm,I have to say love this game the fact you can sneak up and kill the enemy is long over due..
76561198139339366,Recommended,238090,12249873,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Lucky Dr.K,"Graphics are realy breathtaking, killcam is a pure joy...can't get enough of it! I used to take the sniper/marksman role in other shooters but this game is something different and refreshing, and i truely recommend it."
,Recommended,238090,11681033,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,TRG | ✪Monkey D Lucky✪,WHAT AN AMAZING GAME !!!!!
76561197966678959,Not Recommended,238090,11699972,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Bad_Sergiu,The graphics are great and bullet time is amazing but  to ask for 40 euro to begin with and then to ask for 25 to complete the game.... looks like EA poison is spreading.Don't buy this game now wait until you can get all for no more than 30 - 35 euros.
,Recommended,238090,11548340,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,ash_cloud,love this game can not wait to play it with my friends so what we can do lol
76561198027366888,Recommended,238090,11593470,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Garfield,"I loved the original sniper elite and I love this too !! 10/10 hands down.I recomend this, if :- if you liked cod / moha WWII episodes- you like games where you have to sneak and kill (sprinter cell, rainbow six[w/o team])- you are a true-born camper in FPS games- you believe that sniper rifle is the most awesome weapon"
,Recommended,238090,11651344,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Tulki Jenkins,The mechanics and gameplay of this game are really impressive. There are a few slightly annoying features but this is still very much the same sniper elite as we all love! A real challenge in places and much more open that SE2 was but it brings in a whole new load of challenges. Worth a buy
76561197963934618,Recommended,238090,11621854,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,DallasSC,awesome game  can't put it down
76561198006207592,Recommended,238090,11624773,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,boondocksaintmick,"This is my first venture into the Sniper Elite series, but it doesn't seem like you need to have played the first two to enjoy this.  Same character, different setting and missions.  While there are only a handful of weapons, you will most likely stick to 1 or 2 that suit your needs best.  Different loadouts allow multiple playstyles.  The environments are rather large, with lots of verticality allowing for some nice sniping opportunities.  Lots of collectibles, optional objectives, and highly addicting and satisfying sniping.  I'm hooked.  I will probably check out Version 2 here soon.  Definately give this game a go!  You will not be dissapointed."
76561197978646283,Recommended,238090,11567523,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,WaywardDwarf,This game is Sexy.  someone get it so I can CO-OP survive.
76561198066442048,Recommended,238090,11571122,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,bLACsWAN2,"great game, really enjoying the skill required to achieve higher rating levels in all facets of the game"
76561198029237262,Recommended,238090,11571144,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,maga3333,Quite an improvement over Sniper V2
,Not Recommended,238090,11819440,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Syn,"I don't normally do reviews but here I go.This game should only be priced at $30 because there is only 8 missions which last about 10 minutes each.If you want a time killer then this is it.Coming from Sniper Elite v2 this game has barely anything new to add except for binos and sniper nests.The most buggy mission from my experience is the last mission which has a ton of invisible walls and you can walk through most the crates and what makes it even better is the fact that all the enemy seem to still be really suspicious even after the bar is drained which means they see you from a 100m away.Would I recommend this game,no it feels like Sniper Elite v2 in everyway.PS: The DLC has half the missions the main story has. #CashGrabEdit #1: I had to stop playing it a lot because of how boring it was to get shot from 100m by a mp40."
76561198114433701,Recommended,238090,11821483,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,MrPuNk3rX,"This game is pretty awsome, it is both hard and easy!The draw back is sometimes you can struggle, but with patience you will get there. The graphic is pretty good!Bullet drop is quite atuthentic and the bullet cam is a great way and can sometimes be interesting!"
76561198012930437,Not Recommended,238090,11817028,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,gandalf2910,This  game was the biggest disappointment in years for me. Really bad game gameplay and finished the game far to quick.
76561197970017731,Recommended,238090,11078604,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,2legs,"i really like so many things about the game. graphics are nice. the weapon handling is pretty sweet. love the AI and how they hunt you down on higher difficulties.its pretty challenging on higher diffuclty levels and without the visual aids. id recommend buying it HOWEVER i'd suggest not buying it right now. rather wait. why?becuase they are releasing weapons that should be in the main game as DLC. and improtnat weapons like the mosin or semi-auto silenced pistol. and it's not like they ship the main game and then develope extra content. its like they ripped out content that should be in the game, ship it at the same time as the game is released. and hope to pull a few extra dollars from out your ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.it is so blantantly a cash grab despite me having dropped good cash for the game. Its a ♥♥♥♥en insult really to me as a customer.So if you can hold off, wait a bit and catch it on a sale or maybe as part of a bundle. it'd be fairer that way afaik."
76561197976598016,Recommended,238090,12196627,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Apache Wizard,shot a guy in the nuts from 1km away 10/10
,Recommended,238090,12184234,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,droghy,awesome stealth game with bone crushing goodness. and awesome next gen graphics.
76561198026912813,Recommended,238090,10915135,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Insomnia Gamers,Good stuff!
76561198053917549,Recommended,238090,10916683,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Mabs™,Neutered Hitler. 10/10
76561198030126616,Recommended,238090,10918497,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Otto Carius,"Great game all around better than the last, kinda short story though"
,Recommended,238090,10919939,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,DuNk $MaRt1 B0Y :D,Great game loved the xray kills
76561198027011382,Recommended,238090,10920916,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,][VaYaConDioS][,Nice game
,Recommended,238090,10921453,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Pasapeb,"Nice improvement from the second one, seems a bit more focused in stealth this time, but the AI is somewhat unfair and stupid, still very enjoyable, specially the improve X-Ray camera, now with a lot of customization to it and a lot more frequent in other parts of the body."
,Recommended,238090,10896859,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Apophys,"Of the little bit of this that I have played so far, it seems very much like its predecessors. It remains the stealthy ""find the best way to kill everyone"" style of game, although that's not a requirement. Apart from objectives, you could sneak through entire levels if you desired. In my opinion, this game shines on the principle of making you feel something like a sniper. Observing your options and threats, planning how you want to execute, and then actually following through. Where the shortcomings of this game lie are in how you are lead to do what I just mentioned. Instead of AI actually behaving like people and sticking together, or patrolling sensible routes, you're left looking at obvious targets and only truly wind up threatened if you make some kind of mistake. Most of the time I wasn't taking any shots unless I was crouched next to a noisy generator, covering my shots. Of course you can shoot from anywhere, but then you're forced to relocate before you're found. I feel like the noise cover is more of a crutch for people who want to snipe and feel like there's some semblence of skill required, but instead you wait for an icon to appear and use the reticle that shows up when you hold your breath to place your shot. Personally, I'd rather have some other way of figuring bullet trajectory without it showing you where to shoot. Of course this is disableable by going into harder game modes, but I don't think the mechanics for that are done, nor would they be easy to figure out in a game.It's good for what it is. The upgraded graphics make the game pretty but still seems a little dated. You're essentially getting Sniper Elite V2 with better graphics. If you like this style of gameplay, which I do, then you'll enjoy the game. If you dislike seeing the same sort of functionality replicated across games, you might get a little peeved with this since there are no really new features to speak of."
,Recommended,238090,10982626,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Interrupting Mystikal,"Loved the game. Having played Sniper Elite, V2 and now 3, I've been a fan of the kill cam and the realism in bullet physics. SE3 however, takes an already beautiful concept and makes it way better by adding a more realistic vehicle kill mech. A personal favourite being killing the tank driver and immobilizing it, before the kill.Final VerdictScore: 9.5/10Pros: KILL CAM (Y), Amazing graphics, physics, game dynamics, fluid gameplay and class leading realism.Cons: Material penetration is a tad bit lacklusture"
,Recommended,238090,10983508,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Citizen Snips,"The multiplayer moves very slowly, but Distance King is a sweet mode.7/10"
76561198037039471,Recommended,238090,10984124,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,xomegax1,Anyone who has played Sniper Elite 2 will know what to expect with Sniper Elite 3.  Rebellion has gone one better.  The AI has gotten smarted and there are more or the bullet cams (which I love).  If you loved the previous game in this series then this is a must have.  I highly recommend this game.
,Recommended,238090,10986709,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,WaRxXxPiG,Shoot Nazis in the face.  Now with x-ray cam.  I dig.
76561198092857831,Recommended,238090,10987831,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,BLUE_EYED_DEVIL,Awesome shooter ifur into 3rd person quickscopes and i am this is the game 4 you(me)
,Recommended,238090,10959771,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Fields,Level three on authentic is♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me...
,Recommended,238090,10960528,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Thrathius,I never thought a video game could bring a tear to my eye from shooting a man's genitals off...but it has...well done.
,Recommended,238090,10960702,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,TraVistY,they say its open map but still not as open as i would like it. they make it hard to find long shots. hate making 200m shots all the timenew game play is nice and the AI is much betterBetter then V2 but still wished you can go any where to take a shot
,Recommended,238090,10961831,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Primateoverlord,Its a fun game to play for the bullet cam and the realistic sniping. But it lacks some small things that make a stealth game work. Like being able to stealth kill from around a corner instead of having to sneak around the back side of the cover like we did in the ps2 era. Good game though. I reccoemnd it if your waiting for some AAA games to come out.
76561198021908354,Recommended,238090,10969591,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,ChilledVains,"When I bought this game i did not know I could actually shoot the balls of a person. eventhough in real life I love to take balls of with bullets, this kinda conflicts with my local laws, This game lets me take of balls of every person around."
76561198046368583,Recommended,238090,10973453,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Lupinb0y,I split a guys heart in half with a bullet.10 out of 10.
76561198047217664,Recommended,238090,10974859,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,ComradeSanders,Inglourious Basterds: The Video Game
76561198086362201,Recommended,238090,11077424,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Col. Klink,"Too many ""invisible walls"" in this game.Can't even climb rocks that can be easily climbed."
76561198026394916,Recommended,238090,11077541,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,mbreaperzone,"I really liked SE 3 , but it seemed a little short, Plus I cant sem to find the Hunt for the Grey Wolf Part. I pre ordered it from STEAM, and I read rhat REBELLION wont honor the code , I don't know if that is the case with my game, what about yours?"
76561198042278666,Recommended,238090,11026774,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Feldwebel44,"It's everything we expected from Sniper Elite 2, and far more!"
76561197977298453,Recommended,238090,11070063,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,zhoti,"Never been fan of SE series. I saw gameplay vid of this game a while ago before release and decided to buy this. Now i've been playing this game like 2h, and it's quite good.If u like ww2 games, U should give this game a chance."
76561198042439138,Recommended,238090,10941737,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,KyleHeadShot,So amazing. x10 better than V2. Buy It.
76561197964152691,Recommended,238090,10903239,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,EgonSpengler,"Great big maps. Kill cam is always great. Lots of Co-op options, very fun."
76561198024435435,Recommended,238090,10905206,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Wildwolf,this game is beautiful the graphics are nice and the updated kill cam gives u a satisfactory feel everytime u see it multiplayer alright its fun but it good really to only play with friends for a laugh that goes for the co op to it really does it job and gives u the sense that your a elite sniper on your own and the bigger combat area allows for u as a player to choose how u want to fight each situation guns blazing stealth its all your choice if u like to watch my full review its herehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KlqTfjLRK9gif not all i can say is if u love sniping this game is for u have a good day
,Recommended,238090,10892999,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,De Smorski,"NOTE: I have not played the multiplayer and nor do I plan on it. I am yet to play co-op with a friend, since nobody I know owns this.I finished the campaign and i'm ready to write my thoughts down!I think Sniper Elite 3 is a general improvement over Sniper Elite V2. The overall mechanics have been amped up (minus the cover system personally), the graphical fidelity is very nice, especially among the enviorment itself, and does show an accurate interpetation of the North African conflict during WWII.Weapon and load-out customization adds a bit of player dependent thinking to the mix, having the player choose which weapons to take, what upgrades to implement into their load-out, or even which load-out to choose! I do appreciate the latter considering that there is a decent range of options to choose from, you really would like to have some pre-sets available depending on what the mission will be like, which is a nice touch.I can't say too much about the campaign. It's above average I would say, but the levels do make you think about your move. Though I can't exactly call the game a sandbox, it does have an open-world feel to it, since you can retrace your steps and come back if you did manage to miss something before. The enviorment does play a large role in making the best move in each mission, with levels containing sound-generating objects, explosives, sniper dens, weapons, ammo caches, and optional objectives that sometimes prove useful later in the mission, though not always. The enviorment can always minipulate your playstyle.The story is Sniper Elite kind of cheesy. Ending isn't particularly spectacular, though I would say that the collectable Diary entries definitley focus on the more personal level amongst the soldiers participating in WWII, as well as adding some general information about survival in war-time North Africa. However, the game-play is definitley where it's at.X-ray kill-cam is good as it always is, focusing on every shattered bone, every ripped organ that your bullet tears apart. The varying speeds from the kill-cam always shows a more gruesome image as your bullet speeds through and thrashes your enemy's flesh.Challenge modes are also available after the campaign. It's a good way to pass the time, but it's nothing to write home about.However, the game has it's short comings.-Campaign is around 6-7 hours average.-Cover system is awkward to use; somewhat bare-bones.-Kill-cam glitches that occasionally happen from time to time, probably will get fixed over time.-Third-person camera is a bit impeding, with your character sometimes taking up a 1/3 of the screen in some situations.-Ranking system doesn't have much use after level 11 with unlocks stopping around there. Only real purpose is for multiplayer.-The shaking kill-cam can become nasueating after a while.-A generally easy game, unfortunatley. Shooting Jerries in the head with your Welrod will usually take care of stealth, and ammo is generally plentiful unless you go loud for an extended period of time.Despite that, it's still worth it if you're a fan of the Sniper Elite series or if you're looking for 'bloody' good time.*Budum-tish*"
76561198027780067,Recommended,238090,10897779,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Abarr159,"'Nearly broken game'looks beautiful, thats about it. The Xray cam looks better and it's a gorefest. HOWEVER, the sun glare is ridiculous in the fact that it gets you killed to easily, There are enemies that can shoot through walls, The AI is a joke, other than the fact that they have ridiculously good aim. The SNAP IN cover occurs automatically, it would work great if YOUR CHARACTER KNEW HOW TO GET HIS GUN OVER THE EDGE EVEN THE SIGHT SHOWS THAT IT IS.Im sorry, but this game is annoyance ridden with quirky gltches and bugs, like the PLAYER character being able to phase halfway into walls. Wait for a price drop or BIG fix to come out before buyingThis game only gets a thumbs up because i was still able to have fun with it. Although I can't play very long due to the annoyance of OP auto aim AI, even though they probably couldn't tie their own shoes."
76561198021001681,Recommended,238090,10908782,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Tante Hildas Kjøttlefse,You can destroy Hitlers nutsack..Again
,Recommended,238090,10963267,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,pledger78,"Yup, Its the fuhrer alright. Just removed his one remaining nut with a sloppy shot to the pelvis. Endorsed!"
,Recommended,238090,10966045,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Carim my pants,10/10 Aim for the testicles.
,Recommended,238090,10966593,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,machineinput (koh1998),"Wow after playing Sniper Elite v2, this game is so awesome.New muscle layer adds to the depth of the killcam!So damm awesome :)"
76561198090015697,Recommended,238090,10929598,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Lorax,"I love this game. I played Sniper Elite V2, and I enjoyed that very much. I appreciate the fact that the game is about World War 2 and it isn't set in the future like a lot of games are. I've always been a fan of World War 2 games  because I played Call of Duty back when it first came out. Then, Call of Duty started becoming more and more modern, and nothing about those games have been fun. When I first played Sniper Elite V2, I was very impressed with the way that the game worked. I am also extremely impressed with this game. The graphics are great, and the gameplay is very smooth. I hope to see more Sniper Elite games, maybe set in the Vietnam War or something like that. I definitley recommend this game."
76561198025669922,Recommended,238090,10929812,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Banicks,"I recommend it, but, I will go into what you're going to be experiencing for a supposed 'stealthy' game.One has to look to the past as a comparison to the present. Sniper Elite V2 was for all intents and purposes a great game, heavily linear, guided and when things went wrong the AI knew almost exactly where you were, or at the very least began searching your last known location.Sniper Elite 3, brings into effect a stealth meter. Whereby if you elect to shoot unmasked by sound, the AI will immediately seek cover. Shoot again from the same position and they will begin flanking or progressing towards your last known location, a third time and they ultimately will have your exact position. But, herein lies a broken mechanic, you only have to move a mere 30m, and AI resets into a 'must have been nothing' attitude, and continue en patrol as per prior to your first, second or third shots.If you're like me and only shoot once from a position, then relocate, you will find the AI attitude extremely silly. There lies there dead comrades, and they're continuing to do whatever it was they were doing, without a care in the world. This does not mimic any level of the word, AI. The issue furthermore I had, was I expected the system to have a permanent count, as in, fire once from a position, relocate, then go back into the same position and fire again, and AI skip first shot cover stage and proceed immediately to second shot known location and flank to engage.This kind of basic 'stealth' allows players to proceed through the entire game without the need to worry about cover, masking noises, or even having to consider the risk of engaging v skipping certain enemies. The game practically allows you to switch between two pieces of cover 30m apart, and clear the entire map unhindered and untouched.I'm playing on Sniper Elite difficulty currently, which, comparing to SEV2, is Cadet difficulty. SE mode in 3 has HUD, bullet drop guide, stealth meter and so forth. To experience SE mode in 3, you will need to play Realistic mode.SE3 has the gimmic options to 'upgrade' your rifle via way of looting dead corpses. But I am yet to even bother with any of these upgrades as they usually hinder all aspects, and only improve one.SE3, as much as it boasts sandbox, is not. It is still heavily linear, just in a circlular map, rather than a laneway guided path. Objectives will have to be completed prior to proceeding to the next, so in essence, it is not sandbox, it is still a trigger event to proceed linear pathway. Most of the time the easiest method of apporaching a map is to find the noise maskers, and plan your route to each one, generally high ground.The graphics have been vastly improved and UI as well. It doesn't ultimately change the basics of SE2, killcam, xray, sealth kills, masked kills, explosions, so forth, why should it. It isn't broken, don't fix it. To be honest, if it was a genre of anything else besides WWII, I would hammer it's AI and stealth system for allowing for such easy gameplay. But being WWII focused, and there simply isn't enough FPS/TPS WWII shooters going these days, I feel it must be supported by the community who enjoy it.In summary, it has it's faults in the stealth/shoot-effect realistic department, but with shiny new graphics, enjoyable and vast ways to kill gameplay, and being one of the few remaining WWII titles around, I am recommending it.7/10"
,Recommended,238090,10930487,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,DeEvill,great game!! worth the wait..
,Recommended,238090,10932890,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Simpovich,really fun game:D
76561198010708609,Recommended,238090,10933577,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,AggonyDragoon,Eye Surgery Simulator10/10
76561198062616246,Recommended,238090,10884332,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Dr.Pepper'sLonelyClubSodaStand,"This game is really fun and the setting being in Africa instead of Europe in a WWII game is refreshing and adds a little bit of flavor to the game, I recommend this game to anyone who likes history or Sniper Elite in general."
76561197972187361,Recommended,238090,10886469,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,[DE]Topperharly,ball-shooting-simulator.
,Not Recommended,238090,15618089,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,sloppybukake,"Was new and intresting the first couple of days. Game got repeative and slow. If you are looking for a slow stratigic game, then this is for you. If you are looking for a fast pace action game, steer clear."
,Recommended,238090,16682373,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,VANILLA VALHALLA,"TL;DR: Great stealth/sniping game with great graphics, performance, and physics.  A little lacking in story. 11/10Pros:+Great graphics.+Great performance. I run an Athlon X4 750k@4.3 GHz and an R9 270x and can run this game on ultra (Other than supersampling), though this may just be mantle kicking in.+Challenging AI (Though they can derp a little at times.)+Great bullet physics.+Full controller suppourt, if you like that sort of thing.+Open enviroments+Large enviroments (I felt this deserved a spot of its own).+Decent weapon customization.+Nice stealth system that factors in sound, light, stance, and the enemy's LOS.+Many more, these are just what I think of immediately.Cons:-Not many weapons to choose from. (Not a huge issue for me, but may be for some.)-(Not exactly a con) I don't know about performance for non AMD cards, though I hear that it is fine.-Storyline isn't the best, and is more of a series of objectives than an actual story.Great game.  11/10."
,Not Recommended,238090,16749652,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Wat,Game play itself is ok but the game has had major bugs with sound that have never been addressed.  Especially with wireless headsets.  Still can't play the game correctly with my headset and the game sucks playing without sound.
,Recommended,238090,16587792,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Misfiring,"Headshot isn't the only way to kill someone in a single shot. There's Lung Shot, Intestine Shot, Kidney Shot, Heart Shot, and of course, Testicle Shot.10/10"
,Recommended,238090,16773701,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Iclucian Dance,"I saw a lot of bad reviews about this, but having enjoyed V2 as well as access to the new refund policy, I said eh why not. Campaign was pretty good, as good if not better than V2. More explosions too.Only gripe is that it was harder to snipe, a lot more sneaking around etc. I did play through the last level going MLG quickscope mode and that was fun too."
,Recommended,238090,16650454,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Walter White Heinsenberg,RECOMMEND
,Recommended,238090,16652351,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,D'Essentials,So tense! Recommended game!
76561198090635577,Recommended,238090,13098235,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,bohan1951,I am starting to hate this game can anyone tell me why it keeps closing  and I have to start over
76561198038260371,Recommended,238090,13117214,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,BigLoo,Badass game good graphics cool missions
76561197973498812,Recommended,238090,13036576,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Sherkhan,Another cool addition in a series of awesome titles! Keep them coming ...
76561197960312841,Recommended,238090,11685219,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Lokthr,"Just as good as Sniper V2, but... that seems to be the issue. after a few years there should have been some advancements in the way the x-ray shots function... besides the testicle shot I dont see any real differences. Matter of fact I've found it to be buggier than Sniper V2, which is frustrating when looking at a new release game.Also removing the additional points for long ranged shots was a poor choice in my opinion, it was fun to try and beat a previous record."
,Recommended,238090,11802516,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Head Hunter,"For the money, too short.. Expected many more missions than the game included. Some aspects of POV are poor when close to target with machine gun.After having played MANY hours of Sniper Elite II, I find the grahics excellent and enterative environment much better.Yes, I'd recommend. Just keep in mind that the game may seem short to you as well."
76561197982315528,Recommended,238090,11742598,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,THE RIDDLE,cool game
76561198040610559,Recommended,238090,11748140,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,dmcdona,"I highly recommend this game.  I have about 145 hours on Sniper Elite 2 and about 40 on Sniper Elite 3.  This latest version has much more in smarts needed to be a sniper.  Needing to relocate, taking time to plot out a superior shot and so on.  After I play the game a bit I run my own variations, like playing it backwards.  Not following the script and taking my time to NEVER miss (that one is tough).  The artwork in the game with such incredable detail really allows realism.  The ""targets"" in this version act more like real people.  When a target hides they can stay down a while and then move a few yards away from where you last saw them.Trying to take shots only when there are other sounds adds realism.  I do not like to run around and simply blast targets, it is much more pleasureable to outsmart them or sneek up on them for a quick silent knife kill."
,Recommended,238090,14374921,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,71828,"Sniper Elite 3 seems to fix all the problems that made Sniper Elite 2 unsatisfying to play for me. It's less linear than SE2, each mission gives you a big map that you can get through in many different ways. You can also save at any time on the lower difficulties, perfect for a keyboard warrior such as myself who just want to play for a while and then be able to pick up where I left off the previous session. Can't really comment on the story yet, at the time of writing I've only completed two missions. But it can probably not be worse than SE2, so there's that."
,Not Recommended,238090,14375571,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Gills,"get sniper elite 2, that is good game. this is horrible, the controlls are so clunky and it is sooo slow and repetative. shot 1 person then run 100m. repeat. can't the sniper be partually silenced so you can kill people without having to run hid, then go kill again. like a flash and smaller noice. so only people within a certain range will hear you. also if they are looking in your direction, they see the muzzle flash. or if they see an ally get killed. if they had done this and made the controls more flowing then it would be a brillient game. overall, rubbish game, seens controlls were rushed. not going to finish it as it feels like a chore, not a luxury!"
76561198081000066,Recommended,238090,14377488,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,★Fiinnz™☆,Love it
76561198018555434,Recommended,238090,14377751,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,fd64,Fantastic!!
,Recommended,238090,14378502,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,nipple chomper,"very fun sniper based arcade fps.  when i say arcade, i dont mean all out like quake 3, but it has just enough realism with difficulties affecting bullet ballistics, but keeping it simple enough that you can just go in and have fun to keep playing.  good quality game and controls."
76561198134729531,Recommended,238090,14379252,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,CreativeGaming,Awesome Love it! keep it up
76561198167052001,Recommended,238090,14379484,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Klye14,"super fickin amazing! the campaign is great and provides a challenge, love the bullet drop, multiplayer is fantasic (i was shaking like a leaf going ""where are they? where are they?"" honestly wish the smg was a little more accurate but you hardly use that anyway.if you can you need to get this game! even when you lose you feel good and want to try it again! havent tried co-op yet but im exited to see how it plays a role. litteraly can not tell you enough on how amazing this game is."
76561198007310837,Recommended,238090,14379847,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,=7Cav=SGT.Wittman.M,I love it so far i hope more dlc missions come out! <3 . I like these stealthy relocating games like this about planning and executing plans and stuff . 5 star rating
76561198085042766,Recommended,238090,14364495,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,fragkou_ant,this game  is for sure until now the BEST of the snipers anthology many missions beautiful grafics you have to be pationfor finishing the missions make  plan  for the first move and then execute recommend for all players like sniper games
76561198074890766,Recommended,238090,14366244,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Dany,Rifles banging ; Heads cracking
76561198111515775,Recommended,238090,14369073,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Ed Bury,"Shot two enemy soldiers with a single bullit last night. Punched the air. :) Love the stealth, sneaking around, forward planning. Love the control system as it's simple, responsive and intuitive. Keeps the heart pumping and th ebrain ticking over.Only ting I disliked was AVG objecting to the .exe file at first, but it is easily rectifiable.9/10 - Brilliant fun!"
,Recommended,238090,14370513,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Raiyne,"Honestly I'm 2 hours in and I'm not seeing much of a difference other than locales, from Sniper Elite 2.  Now, that isn't nessecarily a bad thing since I loved 2.  Coop welcome addition."
76561198001955921,Recommended,238090,14371131,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Freezerburn,Pretty awesome stealth / sniping game.
76561198076074034,Recommended,238090,14344198,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,schreader1,"just bought this game and I have to say it looks outstanding,so happy to see quality productions these days in a world full of junk! touce rebellion!"
76561198088525581,Not Recommended,238090,14346611,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,rsalica,cmara and field of view is screwed up and no options to change it.
76561198154698889,Recommended,238090,14330942,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Nattmal,"It's a very damn good game, if you like stealth genre. I never got tired of the slow motion bullet when you kill an enemy. It is hard it needs to be understood for it's game mechanics. The graphics  are amazing . The only things  to complain about  are the lack of a good storyline, and the huge amount of bugs in the last level. Like 3 soldiers in 1 same spot (literally same spot) enemy spotted me across a box, sometimes my bullet hitted a invisible wall. But that just in the last level. There aren't a lot of level's but there are so complicated and full of extras that they will keep you entertained for a reasonable amount of time."
76561198070714851,Recommended,238090,14331825,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Brother Legarius,Some of the best kill cams I've ever seen. While short I feel as though the fun is in the more difficult settings. Also can't wait for zombie army 3.
,Recommended,238090,14358481,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,GamingZackieHD,"omg so much better than the previous, the testical shots are soooo funny, love this game 11/10"
,Recommended,238090,14360986,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Red_Devil,Loving Sniper Elite III so far :-)
,Recommended,238090,14361468,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,RyanWGaming,Graphic are boss. Game is so fun. It kinda hard to tell how to shoot far range with a sniper because when you aim you have to keep finding out where the line is.
,Recommended,238090,14380880,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Trippin,+++
76561198135060357,Recommended,238090,14381436,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Blip,i love this game. its has very good gameplay and a great story.
,Recommended,238090,14385090,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,dark,awesome game
76561197960827550,Recommended,238090,14386142,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,OscarMike,"Great game, reminds me of when I was back in WW2 sniping nazi's."
,Recommended,238090,14386149,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,EpicHunter,"Basically it's better than V2 in every way, the co-op is very nice, while the player models are barely different, it feels nice to  spread out and take out the objectives seperately. The weapons are nice and varied, and there are many different choices for scopes, reticles, muzzles and more. The AI actually pays attention, and offers a nice challenge without feeling unfair. The stealth is a nice change of pace, you can do whole missions without anyone even knowing you were there, the places to mask your sniper rifle shots are spread out, so you have to make sure to kill everyone while there, otherwise all you have is a silenced pistol with low ammo. While going through the short loading times, they offer cartoony tips, that helps you learn some knowledge with some of the mechanics of the game while also giving you a quick laugh. Overall, if you enjoyed V2 or any other sniper elite game, give it a try, it's fun, espically with a friend to tear through all the fun missions."
76561198012605791,Recommended,238090,14386255,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Bugman_oO,SHOOTY SHOOTY SNEAKY SNEAKY STABBY STABBY HAHAHAHAHAHAHHA
,Recommended,238090,14380779,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Mithril,"Rebellion listened when making Sniper Elite 3. SE2 was awful (I thought) and I'd rather not get into it. I'll just mention it was way too old for it's release. SE3 however is improved in nearly every area of the game. The kill shots certainly are gratifying, but when you have kids, that is not a game you can play when they are awake, having x-ray cam active :) Besides that, the game is highly enjoyable. It got a decent story, that is based on the real history of WW2 and the topic it handles (not saying what, since I don't want to ruin the game) Reshaped to fit their idea, but it is great when it is possible to relate to so many things in the game. Minor things like invisible walls, and that you sometimes get a bit stuck in places. But nothing really major. Tech wize, the engine is blazlingly fast. At highest resolution (for me) 1980x1200 with everything maxed out. I got between 93-682 FPS. it never once dropped below 90, which is quite impressive. It also have a few tech issues when it comes to shadow ranges, their resolution, and z-level accuracy.  But nothing that will break the immersion of the game. I highly recommend this game. Be warned though, that this game is very graphic. Not suitable to kids and sensitive people (I really mean it) So consider turning x-ray off in game settings when toddlers are around. Enjoy :)"
76561197970747802,Recommended,238090,13638094,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Wharfage,"This game rules, awsome graphics and bullet cam is great, well worth the wait and exciting to play."
76561198091276599,Recommended,238090,13665032,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Grizzly,Very awsome sniping game
,Recommended,238090,13300152,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Drej_X_Army,"After playing SE2, this is a great update to it. I never get bored with SE3, good all around Single Player action, with plenty to do. If you looking for a great sniper game, with different levels of good AI difficulty, this is it. If you have never watched your back before, this game will teach you."
76561198000380436,Recommended,238090,13303386,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,War Crimes!!!,What! there is more to life then gaming? nonsense!!!!!!
76561198300305119,Recommended,238090,30492685,Posted: 13 March,all,Travis,"One thing I hate about the game is you have to keep a low profile nearly all missions in the game but it depends on players choice.Apart from this, game has nice graphics and effects.I recommend it."
76561198168975453,Recommended,238090,13721856,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,BoomBastic,I recommend this game. The only thing i have trouble is you need a friend that has the game to be able to do  co-op. But overall its pretty fun. If you want to do Co-op just add my name
76561198032935464,Recommended,238090,13708577,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,whyme101,Best sniper game yet
76561198012404147,Recommended,238090,30451986,Posted: 11 March,all,jboyd463,"Good game....crashes too much to enjoy, however I'm banking on a patch to fix.  Don't give up, keep the faith Snipers!"
,Not Recommended,238090,30438125,Posted: 10 March,all,Nathanator,"Game crashed frequently so frequently its frustrating, from researching on the internet i found the crashes i was experiancing were related to windows 10 compatability issues and found a solution:https://steamcommunity.com/app/238090/discussions/0/541907867762275858/The developers have known this issue for over 6 months but still have not adressed the issue in a patch.I5 4690kevga GTX 970msi sli krait edition motherboard16gb Ram"
76561198020835495,Recommended,238090,30462989,Posted: 11 March,all,Adrian uk {yes thats me,Not much to say but I like it 10 out of 7 😈
76561197967916256,Recommended,238090,30452763,Posted: 11 March,all,Beast,awesome
76561198147959264,Recommended,238090,12283598,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,The Joker,"I loved Sniper Elite V2, and when I heard of this I was worried it'd feel too similar, however, I'm not dissapointed in the slighteset. 4.80/5"
76561198003756325,Recommended,238090,12213998,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,McBoom,"Bought it with steam sale. Great game, but wouldn't pay full price for it."
,Recommended,238090,11095364,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,iamjahova,Definitelly the best in the series. A few bugs and glitches but it's a new game and some are quite funny.
76561198016474624,Recommended,238090,11095660,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,whitedragonking!!!!,Sniper elite is amazing.......in single player.Is it worth 49$?.......no because the multiplayer is garbage. Multiplayer is only slightly better then V2 but that is not saying much. I wish there were more classes in sniper elite but oh well.However the single player and the co-op is a must have. There are 8 levels in the game but each level is huge and you will be teeth grinding on every epic sniper kill.  I have done a double headshot with one bullet and I am glad this game helped me live that wonderful moment. Get the game for some fun action. story is alright but main villan is forgetable.  However making things explode and using sniper nest are fun. Also the enemy snipers in this game is MUCH more forgiving then V2 where they will never miss you. So I an happy I have a chance to kill them before they have another chance to hit me.
76561197985137138,Recommended,238090,11225124,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Gingerbread Man,"Assassinating things. What more do I need to say? This is head and shoulders above the competition. Well, perhaps a couple of heads above. Also, things go boom. And splat."
76561198061919958,Recommended,238090,11218252,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Truoc,"The redesigned X-ray mechanic looks amazing, the ability to mask your shots when you're beside something making loud noises is also a very cool feature and overall i love the game and i would recommend it to anyone who enjoys being stealthy."
,Recommended,238090,11224634,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,ScavyBoy,This is a great game and great strategy simulator
,Recommended,238090,13277002,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,VINNI,Really fun game! Bring a friend and act like ninjas :D
,Recommended,238090,13128257,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Orc,"Significant improvement over previous iterations. Still the same core gameplay, but now with much less linear maps.   Best played in co-op"
76561198098005577,Recommended,238090,13190971,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Chris P. Bacon,"Slo-mo bullets and x-ray kills, what's not to love. 10/10"
,Recommended,238090,13193338,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,F051,"Just awesome like the anothers titles, the bulletcam in this one, WOW...it´s incredible and super detailed.  I like it a lot thank you Rebelion you are the boss 8)"
76561198003391004,Recommended,238090,13338559,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Tristana,This game never fails. It gets better and better..
76561198008931292,Recommended,238090,13978067,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Neilloss46,great fun to play.
76561198095509557,Recommended,238090,14073224,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Telithar,"Really enjoyed this game, great story, great characters, and an excellent location. I love how the game takes place in the African theatre. 10/10"
76561197993807258,Not Recommended,238090,14075019,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,BOMBUR,"Can't pass the SIWA mission, after climbing up the ladder, the officer just flees, what a waste."
76561198056063401,Recommended,238090,14126962,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Agent Shoe,"The killcam is disturbingly detailed and only happens if the shot is worthwhile to see.  The enemies WILL hunt down and kill you if you're not careful enough.  The vast open-world gameplay offers both mandatory and optional objectives so it's entirely up to you on how to complete the missions.  The random ambient noises in certain environments give you chances to take the long shots without revealing your position.  Otherwise, you could rely on your silenced pistol or melee skills to kill your enemies up close and personal.  Team up with your friend or a random person online for coop missions and survival.  One players provides sniper cover while the other infiltrates bases, plants explosives and guns down enemy soldiers up close.On the other hand, the campaign's story and character voices are lame, but the gameplay makes up for those shortcomings.  There's too much paid DLC in my opinion.  If you want them, you should probably get the season pass for a lot cheaper in the long run.  In game, sometimes when you're behind cover and trying to shoot someone, the scope is pointed at the enemy, but you keep hitting your cover!  Sometimes, you can't shoot at all and have to be at a certain position behind the cover!  Cover system is somewhat janky and not quite optimized for keyboard and mouse configuration.Overall, it's a satisfying long and short-ranged shooter that can only be complete with a season pass (but that's entirely up to you) and still has room for improvement mechanics wise.  It is a worthwhile experience, especially its coop mode, but just be careful about when and where to shoot your rifle or submachine gun."
,Recommended,238090,13917830,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Major Clusterf**k,"A very fun action/stealth game where you will find yourself destroying countless amounts of Nazi's testicles.  The setting fits well with this game because the deserts and oases of Africa give the game a sense of freedom in each level.  The story isn't anything special.  It's your typical ""OMG NAZIS ARE SO SMART! LOOK AT THAT THING THEY JUST MADE! LET'S BLOW IT UP!""  The protagonist has no personality either, but the sniping mechanics are what really make this game worth it.  Sniping is realistic in a fun way.  What I mean is you won't find yourself 1000 miles away from your target, so you can truly witness the brutality of your kill.  The death cam feature as always gives you this feeling of ""I just blew a Nazi's head off..."" It's a good feeling, I swear.  This game also adds a little bit of customization to the trilogy.  There are multiple guns you can earn over time, and there different attachments for each gun.  It's not too extensive, but it works.  If you're into fun and challenging action games, buy it."
76561198084059459,Not Recommended,238090,13758444,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,modron,"Filling the game with 100% completion challenges doesn't hide the fact that the game is far too short and the story wholly unfulfilling. Has some good moments, like the final stage of one level where you are in a sniper battle and any step out into the open is an instant death from an unknown number of snipers. Literally crawling around and waiting patiently in one place for minutes on end looking for the telltale reflection off of the enemy's scope was the most thrilling part of the game for me, but that section was far too short too.Also, the bullet camera was almost always facing the wrong direction, positioned on the far side of the enemy's head so I couldn't see anything of the damage.It's fun but not worth full price. Wait until it's less than £10, and even then only if you're a fan of the series."
76561198033934841,Not Recommended,238090,14004329,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Sev,"the Sniper elite series is one of the ♥♥♥♥♥iest games i've ever played. It feels like the develoipers didnt put much work into it as i've had experiences with enemies shooting thorugh walls and seeing you while you're behind cover. If you want to stress yourself out, go ahead and get this game, otherwise just ignore the crap out of it."
,Recommended,238090,14025180,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Fucking Wanker,"Time to blow Hitler's balls.Wait, blow up."
76561198068630317,Recommended,238090,13161325,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Kdmasaj,"Love the game and recommend it to every Sniper lover,"
76561198020053560,Recommended,238090,14070221,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Boomstick022,"Just finished the single player campaign after completing the single player campaign in SE2, this version steps up and nails a home run.  I can't count how many snapshots I got just from picking off soldiers or getting into a hair raising gun blazing gun fight with six grunts.  The menu redesign from SE2 is much easier to navigate and I am looking forward to the Multiplayer Coop and versus campaigns."
,Recommended,238090,13989885,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Chicoo,"It's a great game but the campaign mode is kind of short for €45,99. Yes, there are more missions but one has to buy them, which in my opinion should either be less expensive or free. But besides that the quality of the misions is really great and they are all exciting and unique in their own way."
76561198034799991,Recommended,238090,14080730,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,steven.scott14,"Sniper Elite 3 is certainly an improvement on the previous offerings. Graphics are very good and game play is smooth, even on my Geforce 710M powered Laptop (with core i-5 processor and 6GB Ram) The Artificial Intelegence is very good and enemies act as enemies would, searching actively for you when you do something to attract their attention. The single player campaign builds the tension and difficulty gradually as in real life and things can certainly get hectic and exiting at times. The Ai really does test your skills as you progress. I like the more open aspect allowing different approaches to the Targets. However you are still too restricted in the environment. I wanted to work my way down a stream in one of the Missions and wasn't allowed to, why?. Visually easy to climb Rock formations are out of bounds too. I joined a few online games and found them confusing but that is more probably down to me, I'm not really an on-liner but will persevere as I found it got the Adrenelin going.Overal I enjoyed playing this latest Sniper Elite game and look forward to revisiting the Missions on a more Experienced level and using a different approach. I look forward to any expansion packs that may come out with regard to different Theatres of War. Fighting your way through dense Jungle, a shattered city or through Snow capped Mountains would be awesome with this game. I would score it 9 out of 10. It would have got a 10 if it offered a trully open Map."
76561198015597337,Recommended,238090,26076336,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,pharstrider,Good Game with a nice stealth element.  I'm looking forward to playing the next instalment
76561198302777065,Recommended,238090,26083058,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,lutfi Sufliansyah,"A decent Sniping game, With a good overall graphics and gameplay system.If you want spending 3-4 hour shooting heads of your enemy.This one is for you."
,Recommended,238090,26122888,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,ましろちゃん,Good game
,Recommended,238090,26119201,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,HANDz0r,"ИГРА ДЛЯ НАСТОЯЩЕГО ГАНГСТЕРА, ДЛЯ МЕНЯ!!! ЙООООУ!!! БИЧ!!! МАЗЕФАКА БИЧ!!!"
76561198135281064,Recommended,238090,25364528,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,cell1236,"Great game. Even better stealth-playing engine than V2, and more complicated systems.However there are some bugs very frustrating, especially when playing coop since you can't save."
76561198054557809,Recommended,238090,25924724,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Bread Pitt,"This game is much better than it's predecessor. I refunded Sniper Elite 2 because it was too much of a shooting gallery, with little depth as far as stealth goes, because shooting once alerts every enemy to your last location. This has been improved by you having to shoot twice in one spot, before they notice you. This system praises you for only killing when you have to kill.If you want to kill everyone, you still benefit, since there is a point/xp system.gud game much wow"
,Recommended,238090,25962549,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,antemiu,"It's one of the best Sniper games if not ""the One"" ... i enjoy it very much. The multiplayer gameplay is somewhat boring and unbalanced but, a god game overall... Singleplayer excells."
,Recommended,238090,25962562,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,✪[0M]V1ru$,great game and great graphics
,Recommended,238090,20675737,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Sore,yes GG
76561198082745795,Recommended,238090,25947018,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Dan-tidisestablishmentarianism,"Solid stealth gameplay, satisfying sniping mechanics, that's about it really, just a good game."
,Recommended,238090,25947110,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,brianthesnail,ive played both the original sniper elite and the second but this is by far the best ..... the second was full of bugs and its good to see the devs have ironed these outluckily i managed to get this for £7-99 on the free weekend deal ... so allthough i wouldnt pay £39-99 for any game i was glad to buy this at the reduced priceoverall a great game
76561198100760752,Recommended,238090,26009003,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,notneko,During the free period my friend urge me to play this game (since I'm not really a fan of shooting game in general) but this game is still pretty fun and not too hard for someone with low skill level as me to play. Would play again but definitely not at full prize.
,Recommended,238090,26008058,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,RAGEART|Nesuki,YES YES YES THIS IS AWESOME
,Recommended,238090,26008458,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,~707~ CarbonCat,I hope none of the enemy's have a wife/girlfriend that where going to have a baby because i kinda ruined that plan for some of them #testical shots fur dayz!!!!!!
76561197977570111,Recommended,238090,26022679,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Master Shake,Sniper Elite 3....More like Castrator Elite 3.
,Recommended,238090,25985743,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,reedy2k93,"really good game, im glad i tried the free weekend, when that ran out i decided to buy. good price too.i would recommend this game.  10/10"
76561198170075918,Recommended,238090,25975854,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,The Desert Ranger,oi m8o'sthis game is for ppl that like to snipe ppl without dieingso basically everyboi in existenceP.S. dem clowns around murica spoopy
76561198204726636,Recommended,238090,25976111,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Blue Eyed Nightmare Naz,Good Game
76561197974281429,Not Recommended,238090,26006639,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,W. Crispy,"Don't be fooled by the advertising and marketing.  This seems to be yet another game designed specifically for consoles and it shows.  As soon as I poked around trying to remap controls and that 360 controller image popped up I knew what I was in for.  To be fair, the controls aren't as horrible as say, Ghostbusters (barf), which had no mouse support to begin with whatsoever, but they aren't spectacular in the least.It's not really a First Person Shooter at all.  It's a 3rd person action game, with ""sniping"" that behaves more like a little mini game rather than a real FPS.  For the most part, your view is over the shoulder 3rd person.  You sneak around, creeping up on guys ala Metal Gear and shiv your way into a vantage point.  The CQB combat doesn't really pack a punch.  The only comparison I have would be those old Manhunt games.  From being a couple hours in the game already seems to be boiled down to a formula.You sneak up on an enemy, get in range, hit E, and watch the little mini-cutscene unfold of you taking him down.  You worm your way to a vantage point and ""mark"" all your targets by using the binoculars ala MGSV.  Then you use the environment to mask the sound of your shots and try to take down all the guys you marked without being spotted or heard.  I'm sure as the game goes on it will stack more modules on top of this basic formula, but I can already tell 87% of the game is going to be what I wrote right here.As for the actual ""sniping"" (if you can call it that) this is where the console port monster really rears its head.  See, you don't just zoom in and fire the way you do in most FPS games.  It's a little mini game of sorts, where you aim through the scope, zoom in, and hold your breath.  Most of you reading this would already be arguing about the whole 360 noscope showmanship nonsense but it doesn't really work in this game.  The entire engine is built upon forcing you to zoom in and hold your breath.  Once you're zoomed in and holding your breath, time slows down and a little red reticle diamond appears.I can't for the life of me figure out the dymanics behind this idiotic thing.  It would be one thing if the diamond appeared on what you're trying to hit, with another diamond showing where your sites are lined up.  Then you'd have to slowly line them up while time was slowed down and zoomed in.  This is not how it works.Instead, there seems to be some sort of goofy console FPS style auto-aim garbage interfering with this.  The single red reticle shows where your shot is going to land, but the stupid thing jumps around on its own, latching onto enemies, but only some of the time.  I'm on a friggin' PC with a mouse and a keyboard, and I can't seem to find a way to turn this moronic auto-aim off.  It absolutely wrecks my shots half the time.  There doesn't even seem to be any windage or physics behind it.  A straight shot is always a straight shot.  The red diamond reticle seems to do all the ""math"" for you.  The videos showing off the cool bullet-time with the bodies flying apart are pretty neat, but they're just masking the underlying awful controls which appeal to the lowest common denominator, aka: console 360 noscope auto-aim pleb twelvies.To recap, The game is:1. Running around from node to node.2. Entering the sniper mini game.3. Fighting the stupid red diamond target in hopes that you can force it onto whatever you want to shoot.4. Clicking the fire button.5.  Rinse and repeat.As for technical difficulties, the game keeps going to a black screen.  I can still hear the game sounds, and I can hit ESC and hear the cursor blipping as I move it over the menu items.  I haven't figured out why, even after trying multiple graphics settings.  The environments aren't large at all and it doesn't seem to be overly demanding on my system.  This arcade shooter lacks polish all around.  If you're absolutely bored get it when it's on sale, but don't expect much out of it."
76561198263696270,Recommended,238090,25922686,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Muddz ツ,AWESOME GAME
,Recommended,238090,11023428,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,asidscript,"I give this game a thumbs up. As honest as I can be, I really enjoyed the previous games, (absolutle recommendation) and was hoping for the same epic enjoyment from this game and I would be dishonest if I said it did not pull through, It was very fun. However This game could have been alot better, Not enough wepons, still missing a silent sniper rifle, I know it makes it more challenging not to have one but im just a stone cold silen assasin, I bought the game for single player only, and am reviewing on single player only. The story was too short, You can finish this game in a day if you have a day to kill. I did it in two days on the hardest settings. The functionality of the game also could have been better, There are parts of the game you rely on sound to suppress your gun fire noise and you can clearly notice the hard line of (if i step here i get the noise indicator to cover my shot, but one step to the right here and i dont, instead of a faded out area. and the AI, well when you alert one, the entire map knows your around untill you move x ammount of meters from the spotted location untill you have reached a (re located) status and are back undercovre. I do miss a menu explaining how to acheive the perks, maybe its right infront of me and i cant see it but as an end user, I have not noticed it and thus its programmed poorly.So yeah the above is quite a weight of negitve and cons but in saying that, the game is challenging, exciting and if your like me and you really want to push to wipe out eveyone with perfection. then the Pros are 51% and you should get the game, I have completed it 3 times now and am about to play again, really fun game, so mo cam, priceless, screw headshots, aim for the balls."
,Recommended,238090,11024089,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Bloodbath,I recommend this game!
76561198107505254,Recommended,238090,11024217,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Sickroid NTC,"Sniper Elite 3 treads that fine line between realism and fun, but it comes together well, providing cheap kicks for those who enjoy over-the-top sniper kills, and a modicum of tactical depth for players looking for something more substantial.-Stefan."
,Recommended,238090,10881685,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,[Messerchmitt] Meerkat,"A wonderful refurbishment of Sniper Elite V2 - if you liked V2m get this one.I own V2, theZombie Army Parts 1and 2 and i love to play all f them.Recommendd by MEERKAT!"
,Recommended,238090,11708146,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,diemenator,"Playing alone: over-the-head serious, complex and very slow gameplay with lots of planning and exploring.Playing coop: get a bottle of strong alcohol (IRL) and take turns pouring it and drinking while your partner covers your back (in-game) as the crowd of guards are franctically sounding alarm and shooting at your direction, and you're okay with this. Very fast and loud and fun.Playing competitive: I have no idea what I'm doing."
76561198104644707,Recommended,238090,11866050,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,legoman1010,if you just love stealth and x-ray nut shots then this is the game for you
76561198041111493,Recommended,238090,14979358,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,DaculaFalcon47,GET IT!!!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,238090,15161262,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,SIDESTEAL,UTTER FK1NG SH!T - DONT EVEN BUY IT ON SALE.I cant even be bothered to described the game breaking sh!t that just occurred. Stay away.
76561198097868700,Recommended,238090,13537920,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,{BrG}O\/3RLO/\D3D,I own all three versions of this game and this one is by far the best. Graphics are way better and mele is definitely improved. Not many negatives to the game but I would prefer a better sniper rifle than the garand which really isn't a sniper rifle. It would be nice if you could access all the terrain and the sniper pits are really not all that necessary.
76561198150536170,Not Recommended,238090,13442298,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Jackiniteasy,"game is extremely repetative but can still be fun. mulytiplayer is horrible, its like playing the worst match on cod every game. 5/10"
,Recommended,238090,13443905,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Pierre Poutine,"Stay frosty... Whiskey Hotel is Oscar Mike!In all seriousness it's quite good. Not the same as V2, and is quite challenging unless I'm just really bad. A lot of fun to be had."
,Recommended,238090,13574232,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Bratva,♥♥♥♥ing Awesome..Just buy it!
76561198092571462,Recommended,238090,13563727,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Unlucky_Cock,"Its actually a decent Third Person Shooter,graphics,and sound effects.Its not the best game ever made, I have to admit It was fun watching how Bullet hiting a Nazi in X-Ray vison was interesting and Entertaining ."
,Recommended,238090,13355768,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Jay,"If you dig the others. Then you'll love this. They made this game as realistic as they could. It's the little things in this game that make it shine, like if you fire one shot your enemey really doesn't pay any attention. But if you fire another shot close after. You awaken there curiousity & they will come in & investigate. Unless you mask your shots with another loud sound at the time of the shout. The AI's are pretty smart in this game. Were stealth of coarse is everything in this game. And it's really up to you how you want to carry out your mission. This game gives you a lot of freedom. There are so many different ways to do it. This game unlike a lot of others new games is worth the money.Graphics: 9.0Gameplay: 9.0Playability: 8.5fun: 8.5"
76561198105945085,Recommended,238090,22226942,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,gxht,"If you like stealth games, this is for you. Rewards slow, patient planning.Not too much sniper-ing though."
,Not Recommended,238090,22229774,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Gonggong,"I bought it on sale. Each mission is more big than on SE 2, in the beginning it was great but it getting boring on the next mission. It just too repetitive. The main campaign is very short, so on one side I'm glad it's over (because it's tiring and boring) but on the other side it gave me ""what? it's that all?""When I bought this, I wish I will get some sniper hunting mission better than in SE 2, but there's none at all.The good side is there are still multiplayer user playing, not much but it's at least give me some fun than the offline campaign."
,Recommended,238090,30745410,Posted: 26 March,all,Epicu,Very nice game. I can't wait the new one! ^_^
,Recommended,238090,30743781,Posted: 25 March,all,AFTER YOU,I THINK CREATERS WHERE A racists
,Recommended,238090,22086308,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,RaLeXb0i,"Very good stealth game.And all of you who say ""you have to use the Welrod more"" are telling the truth.But the Welrod is silent, which if you have'nt figured already, is what the game is about.Overall very good game!"
76561198007349273,Not Recommended,238090,22062034,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,dnabma,
,Not Recommended,238090,22091112,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Flüff deWolf,Slightly more disapointing than Watch_Dogs
,Not Recommended,238090,21974935,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Shocker92,"For some reason, I did not enjoy this one as much as the second one. The story did not grab as much so it just felt like a rushed repeat."
,Recommended,238090,22073450,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Bat_Daddy_YT,"Having played this game on XBOX 360 and now on PC I have to say the PC version is hands downs the superior. The graphics on the 360 were good, but I cranked the PC settings to Ultra and was blown away at how much better I could see things. Definitely glad to be getting back into PC gaming, and glad I am getting to replay one of my favorite games."
76561197961600434,Not Recommended,238090,22073573,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,commodore128,"This game has deviated alot of from the the orginal. This game is sandbox, (sand, and houses) every level feels the same. I fee l the game gets boring quickly as all you see is the same and same, the missions just seem very boring. Sniper Elite 2 had Sniper Elite 1 Type of Structure (moving in a different part of the city) but this a little dumbed down compared to Sniper Elite 1. But this Sniper Elite 3, with it's SandBox basically changed the game completey that made it no longer a  Sniper Elite Game. SandBox just doesn't work with Sniper Elite Series."
76561198000829338,Recommended,238090,22133708,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Vic Cash,Absolutely one the Best Action Military games ever made. I've played all the series and they just keep getting better. It's worth the price. Just amazing maps and play. It bloody hell for the Germans soldiers. But war is hell. Just waiting for Sniper Elite 4. (I wish DOD had these types of graphics. )
,Recommended,238090,22250880,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,犧牲者,7/10not bad
,Not Recommended,238090,22246980,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Alt🥛Right,"I would not recomend purchasing this if you have Windows 10.I can never get this to run on my PC, so I cannot give any rating."
,Recommended,238090,20117500,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,bathingape,best sniper game ever !!11/10
,Not Recommended,238090,22113428,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Honeybadger,"Hey, here's a shooter game, except, you need to buy the guns seperately.FKN gay♥♥♥♥♥dlc crap bull♥♥♥♥♥♥ Really sucks when devs do this kind of crapwon't be buying SE 4 that's for sure.Also... this game is not as good as SE V2. It looks better but the game is just not that good. You use your knife more thanyour DLC sniper rifles you are forced to buy seperately wich is lame, why should you buy half a game at full price!?"
,Recommended,238090,22295810,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,{NS}FALLIN1,Great game keeps me distracted for hours on end
,Recommended,238090,21909052,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,anilEhilated,"I'm not a sniper. Anyone who ever had the misfortune of playing a shooter with me will confirm I'm physically incapable of hitting the broad side of a barn at point blank range. I still had fun with Sniper Elite 3.Here's the thing: the main selling point of its series is its wonderful ballistic model, with which you can set up a sniping experience as close to real as possibly, taking into account distance, muzzle velocity (whatever the hell that's supposed to be), gravity, wind, heartbeat, phase of the moon and the zodiacal sign of the poor sod in your sights. Screw that.My elite sniper used his sniper rifle about a third of the time in missions. The rest was spent running around the maps at full speed while cackling wildly as he led the obliging Afrika Korps into landmines, carelessly placed munition boxes and lookisthatacorpseoverthereBOOM situations. The maps are pretty large and set up in ways that almost always leave you to pick your approach - and there's plenty of opportunities for guard AI mind♥♥♥♥ery, usually involving explosions. I mean, you can sneak and stab and snipe if you want to, but finally it's just an option.Oh, and there's a story. Thankfully it's mostly unintrusive, excpet for a couple of laughably hammy cutscenes near the end and incredibly overacted narration by our badass hero. One nice touch though - the rather silly and completely ♥♥♥♥ing useless superweapon we're trying to stop the Germans from building is actually one they were really considering. Historically nice.To sum it up: the Sniper Elite games were always marketed as this weird ballistic simulator marketed toward WW2 nerds and people willing to wait five hours to take the perfect shot. Nothing wrong with that and it's still there - but this time around  it comes packaged in an actually good game. Wouldn't pay more than ten euros for it, though.Oh, and if you buy the DLC, you get to shoot Hitler in the balls."
,Recommended,238090,20638352,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Avs-,Great game
76561197995196273,Recommended,238090,22019702,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,j.lmcmaster,This review will be short and sweet.1 - Should you buy this game? Answer hell yes.2 - Nut shoot HITLER Answer HELL YES. :-)That is all
,Recommended,238090,21990077,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Lil KoKo,"Great game, I just wished the campaign was longer. Feels too short for a $54,00 game (CAD), I got it on sale for $10 though."
,Recommended,238090,19454016,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Mr.PsYcHeDeLiC,Very very Good Game for lovers sniper game's
76561198104166626,Recommended,238090,19659064,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Red_Hawk,Must have for any Strategy/Shooter fan it has alot of weapons good customisation and BRUTAL X-ray kills
,Recommended,238090,19672583,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Laird Krug,"When you take the time to understand just how detailed, and strategically sound this game is you will really enjoy it.  I bought it, and played the first level, there it sat unplayed for ages.  My friend also had it and played it so I joined him in the co-op.  The sheer level of detail that goes into this game simply wowed me.It is absolutely not like any other shooters out there, no you cannot do certain things and that's what makes this game so bad♥♥♥♥♥The smoke from an explosion drifts across the entire map while enemy troops move through it for cover.You sight in on an enemy through a market tent, waiting for the sound cover to be right and for the 1 inch gap between the tent stakes for you to make a 100 meter testicle shot, thus gaining an achievment.You play six hours straight in co-op trying to win a brutally hard challenge only to give up and not even be mad (""bro).The more I play this, this more I am finding about just how much the devs put into it, and for that I can only appologize that I didn't play this game sooner.I really do think that if people took the time to slow down and appreciate the game for what it is there would be a much larger following and maybe the multiplayer would have a stronger presence.If you're on the shelf about this game, and like;  STRATEGY, WWII, STEALTH and really awesome graphics and cut scenes.  Buy this game, and give it a chance past the first level.  Also I would HIGHLY recommend getting this game to play with a friend, there are not many co-op games that really challenge you and a partner to be aware and use this level of strategy.  Amazing."
,Recommended,238090,19727848,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,PLUGGI,The real Sniper Game
,Not Recommended,238090,19664897,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,wroter,"Congrats, you've managed to make your game unplayable. You can't even switch shoulder perspective."
,Recommended,238090,19543914,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Janda.Taiko,Play Multiplayer 90% Camper!!!!
76561198258716403,Recommended,238090,19400199,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,v3v3,Very nice game
76561198141296512,Recommended,238090,19456636,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,God Of Donut,Good game.This is a short review.Singleplayer - 3/5Multiplayer - 4/5Overall - 4/5The single player has a great story but really short but really challenging.The multiplayer is limited to 12 players but really great still this needs some few tweaks.
76561198181163098,Recommended,238090,19495836,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,MaG ツ,k.
,Recommended,238090,19497257,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,ANANCI VELET,This is a real stealth game I can say. You don't have a silenced sniper afterall. Which makes everything harder.AIs are hard and quick (Never played other than Authentic so I don't know the other diffuculties. )I do recommend this game but this is not an action game at all. Just saying. You can't just run and shoot everyone you see.Atleast at Authentic Diffuculty.
76561198008349480,Not Recommended,238090,19554293,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,God,"Doesnt' ♥♥♥♥ing start. Waste of money. And upon investigation online to see if there were any solutions i found many, many others have had the same problem. I've tried checking files half a dozen times, re-installing, everything i can think of and nothing.Do not waste your money."
,Recommended,238090,30637495,Posted: 20 March,all,kaosmash,Pretty good10/10 for this game!!
76561198013889362,Recommended,238090,19606870,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,edi1098,"Amazing game, only thing is, it is too short..."
76561198238305490,Recommended,238090,19519304,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,From2000сём,ващее игра ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ от дыши. NICE!
,Recommended,238090,19807088,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Supertorresmo,"I see a lot of negative reviews saying that sniping in this game take a back seat to silenced kills with the knife or welrod.Well, that's just not true, it is actually a choice. You can do all levels using just the sniper rifle if you want. That's because of the new relocation feature. Kill someone, relocate, repeat. It is great and a big advancement in relation to sniper elite V2, where the levels were smaller giving you no space to relocate.I think this game is a great advancement in relation to V2, and is the best sniper game available!"
76561197987987002,Recommended,238090,19895305,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Skyn,"Like its predecessors, Sniper Elite III is an individually paced stealthy adventure. And because you move at your own pace, it’s a pleasant break from the faster paced non-stop action shooters. Your goal is to sabotage a Nazi weapons program that could change the outcome of the war.  Stalk your targets through scenic canyons, oases, and cities of the ancient desert. Use stealth to hunt your targets.  Utilize your skills to achieve long distance kills, melee attacks, diversions, and booby traps. All in all I think it’s a great WWII gaming adventure. And the x-ray vision slow-mo sniper kills, which are unique to the Sniper Elite series as far as I 'm aware, are totally insane."
,Recommended,238090,19883772,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,p ک h ``,NO1
76561198045875106,Recommended,238090,19886469,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,KoshDranonek,"Having played the missions from Sniper Elite V2 on a console, I decided to grab this when the recent bargain deal was on.  I have to say, I am not disappointed.  I have mostly spent time on the missions so far and the complexity of the levels will draw you in if you are a mission runner.  I'm sure other games may have better co-op or multiplayer modes but I would not buy this game for those features alone.Some say that you will end up using the silenced pistol way more than the sniper rifles or any other weapon.  I beleive that you can play this any way you like and I give it to you that those that say the silenced pistol outweighs the other weapons available simply have an 'up close' playing style.  There is plenty of scope (excuse the pun) to use the sniper rifles and other weapons available if you chose.  You just have to think a bit more about when and how to use them.The graphics are very good and the game runs well on a system with recommended spec.  I would buy this again if something horrific happened and it got lost somehow.  It's not perfect for everyone - no game is - but it is quite challenging and enjoyable.Don't try to compare it with V2 if you have played that.  The mechanics are similar and the story flows in a similar way but this is a very different campaign with new landscapes and challenges to overcome.  Perhaps something for the more discerning gamer that has some interest in historical events but will also appeal to those that like a bit of a puzzle inside a shooter rather than just all out bullet stoms and crossfire.  If you just want to go crazy with guns, get a different game.  If you prefer to be more precise and tactical, try it, you might just like it."
76561197976403189,Recommended,238090,19864771,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,GRIM,"Disappointed, no hand to hand so the guy you play is has no skill whatsoever he would get his butt kicked by a 5 year old and all of the enemy are pro boxers (oops, it is cause I selected elite mode enemies, still kinda dumb), aiming the smg is improved from V2, the aiming for the pistol is very clutzy and the enemy are all bobbleheads when they sense you which makes getting a quick headshot very hard. If it weren't for the pistol aiming catastrophe, I would really like this game. I hoped they would greatly improve since V2, I was very wrong. The graphics are really good. There are so many great things about this game, and so many horrible design mistakes. They could have made this game great, but they failed to make it happen. I play games to have fun, getting frustrated do to poor game design isn't part of the fun. Turns out they made it this way on purpose, not likely I will buy IV then. Let's not forget the unwanted advertisement for Sniper 3 when you try to close V2 that won't disappear for what seems like forever. I will recommend it anyway because you may love it, however, I wouldn't buy it unless it was steeply discounted or you may be disappointed that you rewarded such visionless mediocrity."
76561198034205066,Recommended,238090,19937268,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,fabiojuancarlos,its eep saying it dosent work
,Recommended,238090,20021233,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,✪TacticalJutJut ¯\_(ツ)_/¯,you know what this game is awesome so that guy floyd is wrong for 7 hours its the coolest snipr elite game there was sniper elite 3 is at top oh lets see you are a sniper with a enfield boom enemy dead 1 shot 1 kill its a world war 2 game cool not arma or any other game its meant for snipers if you dont like the game then dont play dont cry just let people have their own thoughts of the game dont make people not want to buy the game because you dont like it this is one of thee best WW2 games ive ever played
76561198243288910,Recommended,238090,20049853,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Seeds,"I enjoyed playing the Sniper Elite 3 campaign. It look me 8 hours to complete, and shows replay value. I can imagine someone spending up to 30 hours playing this game. I bought it 80% off, which was a good deal for me. I think that the $50 CAD would not be worth it, but for only $10 it was a must-buy. My laptop, which is pretty bad in terms of specs, was able to run this game on the lowest settings with a steady 40 FPS. Not up to my usual standerds, but I enjoyed the game regardless. The game is historically accurate for the most part, and taught me something about german superweapons and the occupation of north Africa during WII. I would recommend this game to anyone as long if it is on sale."
,Recommended,238090,20040737,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,habayeb,Killed Nazis incessantly. Can shoot them in the nuts. Recommended.
,Recommended,238090,20254912,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Queen of Hearts,"You can shoot balls, worth it"
,Recommended,238090,13421752,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,PvT* Cowboy,The best third shooter game ever made !
76561198058575238,Recommended,238090,20294555,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Chipper37,"This game is well laid-out. The graphics are stunning and the fast paced action is hard to beat. The stealth element is used too much. The Welrod and machine gun are usually your choice weapons unless you want to get into a massive firefight with split second sniper rifle shots to even try to take out all the enemies. Overall, I would reccommend getting the game when it is on sale."
76561198216679383,Recommended,238090,20295250,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,⚡KittynoscoPE⚡,zoom and kii
,Recommended,238090,20243877,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,WizardOfMars,Sneaking around killing Nazis. 10/10
,Not Recommended,238090,20244205,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,TOTALRESISTANCE,"Having played pretty much every sniper game on the face of the planet I love a good sniper game, that is why I can't recommend this disaster of a game.Maps are the most poorly thoughtout and restrictive maps I have come across in modern times even though they are quite large.Being a game based more on stealth than anything is all well and good but you should be able to move freely, fluently and with some sort of grace but simply running in this game highlights how this is not the case.Movement and interactions with the map and obsticles in it are horrible and this is the worst part of the entire game.The action shots are not too bad as you cut through vital organs and shatter bones but its not enough to give this game a thumbs up."
76561198249621894,Recommended,238090,20244208,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Devil Dog 8854,Fun to play and great graphics!
,Recommended,238090,20278623,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Katten,5/7 would shoot someone in the groin again
76561198144315432,Recommended,238090,20277613,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,JaYY,♥♥♥♥♥(amazing)
,Recommended,238090,20290189,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,drace,if youre into killing hitler over and over agian this is your game .
,Recommended,238090,20290529,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Desert Fox,"best game ever. Love the campain, even if it's a bit short. Definitely looking forward to Sniper Elite 4 (or 3.5 or 3s whatever)"
,Recommended,238090,20259436,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Thaxs (Axel),"Fantastic challenge on authentic difficulty. Extremely rewarding once you complete a level.Authentic difficulty: No checkpoints, no saving, realistic bullet drop and wind spray, no mini map and no aim assist. It can be fustrating at times!11 hours in and i only just completed the 5rd mission on authentic, out of 8.This difficulty level turns this game into a tactical strategic FPS. Choose to stealth, with limited ammunition, or make noise.You can customize your sniper with different skins and crosshairs, choose different loadouts and weapons depending on your planned strategy, play in Co-op, or multiplayer.This game is in third person. Aiming down your sniper switches you to first person.Don't exepect a great story or graphical masterpiece. The graphics and engine have vastly improved though over Sniper Elite V2.The maps are large enough and have enough paths to make it feel non-linear.Some bugs let this game down. Like falling through the ground and map, immediately after freeing the prisoner in fort rifugio cinematic. Very fustrating after clearing the map and then dying to a bug.I rate this game an 8.5/10 on authentic difficulty. 7.5/10 on lower difficulties. If the bugs are fixed I would give this game a 9/10 on authentic."
,Not Recommended,238090,20287911,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,yumi_cheeseman,"I really enjoyed Sniper Elite 2, so bought Sniper Elite 3 expecting more of the same. Unfortunately this game is quite different. In previous games you had the choice on how you would complete a mission. On the surface, this game has everything the previous game has, but it is restrictive on playstyle by forcing you to play a slow stealth style. I eventually got bored after crouching for the 100th minute."
,Recommended,238090,30672011,Posted: 22 March,all,Joosan187,fine
76561198149301375,Recommended,238090,20267885,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,radiationsoap,"This being my first expierence with a Sniper Elite game, I found it to be very good, but not as spectacular as I had hoped. The rifle ballistics, custom rifles, items, the graphics, the AI, tweaking the difficulty, and overall gameplay are a lot of fun. I enjoy it a lot. But I feel like it's not as expanded as it should be. The maps, although they have multiple routes, are still relatively linear and small, and not as open world as the description trumpets. And the way I like to play, is basically take down a German compound piece by piece, but having new variables such as tanks, more troops, or half-tracks introduced via cutscene takes away from the experience. Instead of hearing or bumping into a tank from a distance or around a corner and having to adapt to the situation, the game presents it clearly, which allows you to make a plan to take it down, but that on-the-spot thinking element is diminished I think. It also has felt like that the sniping experience is lacking, in that I end up using my knife and suppressed pistol more often than a rifle. Which upsets me a bit; I want to use my rifle but sound covers are few and far between, so I have to rely on a dumpy pistol. But this might be something that occurs in all the Sniper Elite games, so to a veteran and might just be the usual thing, so if it's that case, then it's fine.  Falling damage is also a pain in the neck; I understand that the human body can be fragile but it can also be very strong; I've let myself drop in what looked like a two foot drop, and ended up losing two health bars! It stinks because those lead to unconventional routes that enhance gameplay. And lastly, there are simply not enough single player missions. I understand nowadays multiplayer is a very popular thing and single players are becoming more of an aquired taste in shooter games. But seeing as this is a game following a lone OSS sniper, you would imagine that they would have a flushed out, longer, more expansive single player. I mean, this game is IDEAL material for a single player experience! But they shorten it up to make room for co-op and multiplayer; having multiplayer isn't a bad thing! Lots of games have it and SHOULD have it, but it shouldn't diminish or take away from the single player experience. There are lots of gamers who like to play by themselves. I'm not a fan of multiplayer and there should be a bigger, more robust single player. The levels are long, granted, but there's not enough of them! I want moar! Maybe Sniper Elite games have short single players in general but again I wouldn't know. Maybe I ought to hold my tongue and sink some more time into the game; I know I only have like ten hours but I'm almost done with the single player ever since I saw there were like 8 missions. Shooter games used to have long single players experiences, with upwards of fifteen, eighteen, or maybe even a little over twenty missions. Sniper Elite III is nowhere a bad game though, it flows well, it doesn't overwork my PC, and it is still most importantly FUN. It's fun to see an enemy bumble into a trip wire! It's fun to plant a mine, watch a tank lose its treads as it rolls over it, plant some TNT on its rear and watch it explode. It's fun to watch the enemies run around like chickens with their heads cut off when you fire a shot. The game flows well, runs well, and I have a lot of fun with it, but I just wish there was less kinks and more missions."
76561198017309533,Recommended,238090,20144700,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,zoze,"Good game, i am a big fan of the old COD1/2/3 etc, this game brings something from that atmosphere but just that, you will enjoy the first 6-9 hours of your gameplay but slowly you will start getting bored of it. Deff if you can but it on sale around 9-10 euros just buy it, worth the money, To sum up i  enjoy it but nothing that blowed my mind away. Good sniper game, so so AI, nice maps i would say, cool sound and good graphics."
,Not Recommended,238090,20207475,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,KelusFox~*,"Would be nice if the game worked on my Windows 10 rig without crashing. Game is unplayable! I got to play this game on PS4 at a friends house. Nice game, beautiful graphics, just PC port, needs more support and updating from the development team."
76561198072244675,Recommended,238090,24415855,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Senhor Feijão,This game is so stealth that it can't even find the .exe file
,Recommended,238090,24175038,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,scott_hunts,"What does this game have to offer?Killing NazisKilling Nazis in other waysLeyroy Jenkins style rushing Nazi tanks with a PanzerShreckYelling ""MERICA GUNNA♥♥♥♥♥U UP"" into the mic while killing NazisKilling More NazisShooting Nazis so they cartwheel off of cliffsDid I mention killing Nazis?10/10"
,Recommended,238090,24198979,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Dr_Heff,"Sniper Elite 3...What's Good?- Graphics, lots of bloom, colorful environment, decent amount of detail- Difficulty levels, caters for anyone from a novie to an expert player- Bullet mechanics, wind, distance, type of rifle effect the shot placement.- Co-op, the entie campaign is co-operativeHOWEVER, THE BAD....- Terrible hit detection on objects, firing your rifle over a ledge or next to a crate can cause your otherwise perfect shot   to hit a solid object next to you, instead of your target. This happens over and over and get frustrating.- Enemy accuracy, enemies with SMG's are amazingly accurate whilst your MP40 sucks all the time.- Grenades, the enemy has the amazing ability to throw a perfect nade toss through a window from 50 meters away.- Mouse sensitivity, when aiming its fine, but when moving around its super sensitive by default. Why??- Only 8 F*****G missions, sure they have multiple ways of completion and can be replayed, but it seems lacking.- Only 5 sniper rifles, customisizable yes, but there could have easily been 12+ for variety.In short, its a ""good"" game, that could have been great if the annoying bugs and glitches were worked out. The most infuriating thing is the object hit bugs when firing near cover.Score: 6/10. Get it when on sale for $10/$15, don't pay the current $50 MSRP!"
76561198071261071,Recommended,238090,30819569,Posted: 29 March,all,mikegrey,Love this never Crashed.     played for 6 hours only 10% into the game.   sneaking take time.    love it
,Not Recommended,238090,24138396,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,McLovin,"While it is fun to play for short periods of time, it's very obvious they barely changed the engine from Sniper Elite V2. It is also ridiculous that I still have to check my games cache integrity every time I want to play cooperative even though the game is two years old now.I enjoy the new maps and the gameplay is still fun, but thats useless if you can't get the game to work."
,Recommended,238090,24087231,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,1ant2beck,"This is another great game in the Sniper Elite franchise.  Overall, the gameplay is exciting and well balanced.  Graphics and animations are high quality and generally realistic (vehicle movement does look a bit disjointed, but the characters move well).  The developers did a very good job with level design so it doesn't feel just like a big desert, which in the grand scheme of things, it is!  The variety and geographic features make each mission feel unique.  My biggest gripe is the story, while entertaining, feels a bit short.  In addition, the missions do not quite have the same thrill factor that was present in Sniper Elite V2.  Altogether, though, it is a very well put together game.  If you enjoyed V2, this installment continues the saga, just maybe not with the same quantity of play time.Pros:- Same Sniper Elite feel- Entertaining story premise- Juicy X-Ray animations- Good graphics- Interesting locationsCons:- Short story/gameplay- Few ""Wow!"" moments"
76561198133948618,Recommended,238090,22413216,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Ardi,really love this game.Played it after Sniper Elite V2 and this game is even better
,Recommended,238090,24144395,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,P3rfect,"So far ♥♥♥♥ing great.Can run ultra graphics with a stream and still get around 160 FPS according to the benchmark,Was a little hard to understand but so far so good."
76561198012181476,Recommended,238090,24120931,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,RX93ZZ,10/10 Would de-nut a nazi again.
76561198092814195,Recommended,238090,24125091,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,DoKtor GonZo,"Visuals are awesome - so much attention to detail. Ballistics and weapons modelling are pretty well done. Good storyline, each mission there's more and more to do. It really pays to spend a minute with the binocs scanning the landscape before plunging in.The bad side is two things. First, it gets a little routine after a while. You know how to shoot-and-move and after that it's mechanics. The really bad thing is the crashing. Constantly and with no rhyme or reason as to why. I suspect it's the network connection back to Steam but it's madenning."
76561198302189397,Recommended,238090,24107560,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,LOL1POP,this games is beautiful grapic and you're not going to was futile to buy this gamei am very happy
76561198041881655,Not Recommended,238090,24132176,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Fonkey Dong,"You shoot, you ""relocate"", go to the same spot and shoot again."
,Recommended,238090,24253287,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Paranoid Schizophrenia,Testicle X-ray shot!!!!!
76561198017701618,Recommended,238090,24325004,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Boostman,One of the best co-op games around. Really great fun killing hitler with a tower bell also!
,Recommended,238090,24326626,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,MATRIXDOG,its ok
,Recommended,238090,24319079,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,BOT_SlenderMan,I like this game :)
76561198267206692,Recommended,238090,24270753,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,JanŽelezni,Great game but not too realistic.
76561198034206958,Recommended,238090,24322559,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Mitch,"This game is FANTASTIC!It has all that nice games are needing... (single player, i don't like multiplayers games at all)I had this one in library since longer, but didn't play it 'cos i thought it isn't so good!WHAT A MISTAKE!!!- Great Graphics, Effects- Easy Controlling- NO Checkpoints (can save whenever you want)- It's fun to play- I don't mind repeating a mission because i can choose completely different way/path to finish it next time...- Well (super) designed levels so far- Very good missions and game balance- Great AI (compared to other games i played)Playing this on Assus Strix GTX (SLI) 960/4GB (Running between 50-60 FPS, Resolution 1920x1200)I like it a lot and can recommend it.Nice that 4th part is coming out!Going to buy it full price this time (I guess) :-)"
,Recommended,238090,24348283,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Terraist,"They call it Sniper Elite, not Submachinegun Elite, leave that for the AIs who can shoot with better accuracy than you. Also if playing co-op, throw rocks to distract your own ally."
,Recommended,238090,12927244,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,low effort,I really enjoyed dead body simulator 2014. Don't understand why they give you weapons though these guys kill each other anyway.Solid 9 out of 10.
76561198096232531,Recommended,238090,24007426,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Wolfrey,"Other than that one Owasis mission on authentic, 10/10 would waste my life on the same mission over and over again."
,Recommended,238090,24233897,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Vanguard Fox,"The X-ray shots are quite repetitive, but extremely satisfying. This game actually requires the player to be stealthy.The game still looks great on the lowest resolution and the lowest graphics setting. This is a great way to improve fps.(especially in multiplayer)"
76561198206537547,Recommended,238090,24164305,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,elli,"Good game, is worth around 15 hours if you take your time."
76561197968222450,Recommended,238090,24165360,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Sweolt. Styre,"A bit on the repetetive, but all in all pretty good, thumbs up."
76561198167633653,Not Recommended,238090,24098364,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,konev97,"Not bad, but it made me want to play MGSV more than anything."
76561198128371548,Recommended,238090,24743160,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Blu,10/10 would stealth with explosives again
76561198159781302,Recommended,238090,24788714,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Snort 🅱epis,Panzer 3's have 88 millimeter cannons. Historical accuracy confirmed.
76561198033689844,Recommended,238090,24834809,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Beowulf,The graphics are superb. Game play is even better than V2. The only problem with 3 is that there are only 8 missions. I am a huge fan of the non linear game play. A++ worth buy at any cost
76561198015512696,Recommended,238090,24865780,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Cueball,This is the best stress relief game I play. Cannot wait for Sniper Elite 4 to be released.
,Recommended,238090,30757048,Posted: 26 March,all,Qoentex,"Awsome, fun game. Would recommend!"
76561198142939830,Not Recommended,238090,22448037,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,larsingem,"A very boring game with very little replay value.  i really am struggling to see how so many have managed to put a recommandation on the game having played it like 4 hours some time last year. If it was good im sure they would play it to the end and as would I. Im really not sure if i will ever bother picking the game up ever again.The high price tag set on the game still is another reason why I would recommend not buying the game, even tho trailers might make it tempting for some.You can most likely pick up five games that are a lot better for the prize of this waste of space."
76561198060439584,Recommended,238090,21244037,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,THE UNDERTAKER,A GREAT THISI IS BY FAR A GREAT GAME
,Recommended,238090,22749563,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,stevemed2005,Brilliant third person shooter.  Love the xray effects.  There not perfect and they stutter sometimes but overall its a great game.
76561198042052301,Recommended,238090,22662452,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,TheUnbornSilent,7/10
,Recommended,238090,22718368,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Tiger,"Good game for a one time play-through, the multiplayer really just doesn't add enough replay value."
,Recommended,238090,20928630,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Ad,"Great follow up to Sniper Elite II, which was a big surprise and turned out to be one of my favorite games. Didn't really know what to expect with Sniper Elite 3, but they did an excellent job. Missions are well thought out, and the map design is fantastic. Game looks really pretty with video settings maxed out. I read a lot of other reviews that said there was too much sneaky sneaky and not enough shooty shooty. Might be accurate to some degree, but I think it equals out pretty well. Got Sniper Elite 3 + Season pass for $22, well worth it! Haven't even got in to the DLC yet. I'm not interested in multiplayer. Co-op sounds like it could be interesting, but i'll probably never get a chance to try it out. One negative is that save states are buggy, so you gotta save often as you might lose your last quicksave at any given time."
76561198033032964,Recommended,238090,20930885,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,metallobster,"oh whwere do i start?pro:graphics are great and to x ray  view is so stupid awesome, the attetion to detial is really seen in this game.sound is great and maybe not the best(no head phones)cons:tho many choses are there to make it never seems open enoughand just a stupid cover glitch stillnot fixed."
76561198021918096,Recommended,238090,10924390,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Incredibley Disappointing Robber,A satisfying sinping game.
76561198072140962,Recommended,238090,11080134,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,KGov,"Satisfied my need for stealth (after joyfully finishing Deus Ex: Human Revolution and Splinter Cell: Blacklist and the effects not wearing off) and on top of that, loved the slow motion of time as my bullet traveled and ripping muscle and bone of a Nazi soldier.Repeated this formula for 29 hours; never got tiresome."
,Recommended,238090,11080972,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Rico,HEALTH THAT DOESN'T REGENERATE! :D
,Not Recommended,238090,11082308,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,A Pile of Penguins,"A 3rd person sniper game with 4 rifles, 3 pistols, 4 secondary weapons and some of the most repetitve gameplay I have ever come across.It's only a challenge if you select a custom difficulty and turn off every bit of aid.Lacks originality and content.Stick with Sniper Elite 2 since it's basically the same thing but the city architecture and more ""war torn"" feel appeals to at least myself.Graphics are not up to 2014 par. Running on ultra I haven't seen my framerate dip below 150.Would not waste the money again."
,Recommended,238090,11083864,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Maxingitout,Good game
,Recommended,238090,11107329,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Drifter808,Great addition to the Sniper Elite series definitly would reccomend. I love how open the maps are it makes for many different options on how you want to engage the enemy.
,Recommended,238090,33306155,Posted: 6 July,all,Sad_weebs,"too short,but worth"
76561198316721308,Recommended,238090,33291817,Posted: 5 July,all,antony_1598,"In one word.Decent.  6.5/10Game mechanics are super arcade and obviously intended for casual players. For instance in sniper elite difficulty, relocate and enemies went from aggresive to passive and viceversa can apply too. when you get spotted and kill it in silent and boom! everyone notice it and all of them are in guard. which give a feel of fake. because how the guy from 3000 meters knows you kill someone and you position and where to look for. this is silly. and few weapons to play, thats all the bads.The goods are graphics are great and pure eyecandy, Killing facists, and nazis. are great. Physics is respected... mostly.Overall. GG."
,Recommended,238090,33291403,Posted: 5 July,all,TDA Toxxicc,"Sniper Elie 3 does a very good job of emulatuing a sniper in the war. There are many great things that I can say about this game. Please forgive if this review is not as detailed as I can make it as I am not very far into the game.Pro's-Great Gameplay-Good Feel-Great Graphics-Fun Overall-Lot's of CampaignCon's-Some Things are Made More Difficult than needed-Player Movement Can be Difficult-Tree & other larger objects, need to be transparent or have a smaller hitbox"
,Not Recommended,238090,33291467,Posted: 5 July,all,Entheogen,"Everyone loves this game, but I am really not feeling it. I really wanted to love it based on it's positive aspects alone, but the negatives kind of overcome it for me.Pros-Awesome sniping mechanic-xray kills-gun customization- level design and size- Multiple ways to complete objectivesCons-Ai.  Set off one guy, whole army is on you.-about less than 25% of the time spent in this game will actually be sniping. Despite this being a sniper game.-about 75% of this game will be sneaking around the massive levels at a snails pace and killing people with a welrod or by hand.-I have a machine gun because....?-Since majority of game is sneaking around with a pistol, it feels like a cheap MGS...or just Alpha Protocol.- Play with a controller, mouse cursor is still around a lot and has to be moved out of the way.If this game was more focused on the sniping mechanic they did very well, instead of the sneaking mechanic that is very average at best, I would rate this very high.  Campaign leaves a lot to be desired, mainly just actual sniping. Which is what one would expect from a game called Sniper Elite III."
,Recommended,238090,33291079,Posted: 5 July,all,Arran,"If you liked Sniper Elite 2, there's no reason you wouldn't like this too. Extremely pleasent environment, when you're not shooting Nazi's you'll be enjoying a highly detailed African terrain."
,Recommended,238090,33427034,Posted: 10 July,all,Coklat ™,👍👍👍
,Recommended,238090,33371977,Posted: 8 July,all,☜═✪MICIN✪═☞,"NICE1, i play this game bcz my pc cant run sniper elite 4 lmao."
,Recommended,238090,33427864,Posted: 10 July,all,TheRyderShotgun,"its like Metal Geat Solid 5, except its not open world, the story doesnt try to act deep and meaningful - youre just a dude shooting nazi testicles and occasionally heads too - and there are no AI companions.the X-Ray cam is good, but gets a little annoying if you if you want the gameplay to keep going (you can dial it down to no x-ray cams whatsoever though). little annoyed at the lack of a suppressed rifle, though. half the time im just playing MGS, walking around with the pistol and bugging out the moment i get spotted. the other half im either sitting my♥♥♥♥♥next to a noise mask or decided playing stealth is boring and started sniping testicles."
,Recommended,238090,33492571,Posted: 12 July,all,FrozenOcean,This Game is very Amazing And I recommended this gameSorry bad english
,Recommended,238090,33508295,Posted: 13 July,all,FenrirsSeal,Nut shots
76561198023023915,Recommended,238090,33528025,Posted: 13 July,all,hagakuremoi,A great improvement over Sniper Elite V2.
,Not Recommended,238090,33511061,Posted: 13 July,all,cyruz,"I enjoyed playing Sniper Elite V2 with my friend, so we thought why not play Sniper Elite 3 together? The game still looks pretty good, even if the mechanics are quite clunky now. The reason I can't recommend this though is:X-ray bullet cam doesn't work in co-op.Your main gimmick isn't working. Of course it works in the new game, but after this I won't be spending more than a dollar on it if we ever decide to play that. GG, Rebellion."
76561197979884937,Recommended,238090,33562153,Posted: 15 July,all,Butman,Big improvement comparing to SP 2 but dont expect any cool story or characters. You hunt testicles in Africa this time which is still enjoyable and if you played previous games i recommend this one too.
,Recommended,238090,33548837,Posted: 14 July,all,itsACoppa,Get it on sale and play it co-op with a friend for a decently fun game.
,Recommended,238090,33533197,Posted: 14 July,all,RockitFunkee,I Never knew that afrika was very VERY bright.10/10 Would peek at sunshine again.
76561198215325351,Recommended,238090,33617039,Posted: 17 July,all,reaper,like it a lot
76561198159254682,Recommended,238090,33621478,Posted: 17 July,all,dgoff302,I have played this game so many times...Great Graphics & very challeging. Never get tired of it....now playing Sniper 4..The sniper games are the best!!!!!
,Recommended,238090,33582992,Posted: 16 July,all,DarkKnight,"Great single player, the coop is another story.  If u or ur friend are spotted then ur both spotted which is bs.  But other than that I had alot of fun playing this with a friend for a more challenge playthrough (because of both being spotted)"
76561198275778118,Not Recommended,238090,33660778,Posted: 19 July,all,MahNameJeff0010101,i liked it but it was just the campaign was short and the only way it could be better is if you spent money on the dlc's which can cost alot so not that good
76561198096692250,Recommended,238090,25468894,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Rocky Balboa,fun game wish i had time to complite it
76561198272647543,Recommended,238090,26017115,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Bucking Bronco 1968,"it's a good game, but it crashes a lot for me and if you alt tab, you have to restart the game"
76561198191356269,Recommended,238090,26048234,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Bmxfenten,Love the style of the game
,Recommended,238090,26066421,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Velcudez,The best thing in this game isTesticle Shootalso Double Testicle ShootRate it 9/10 Would Shoot More Testicle
76561198014629779,Recommended,238090,26067790,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Lordi Kaunisnaama,Sniper Elite III is a solid stealth shooter. Recommended!
76561198122259510,Recommended,238090,26068175,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,MR.MEESEEKS,Good game
76561197978049429,Not Recommended,238090,26035711,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Dreamcatcher,"Horrible game, nothing like V2."
,Recommended,238090,26031379,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,✪ spawnR,"Great game so far, nice multiplayer gameplay and co-op. 10/10"
,Recommended,238090,25971894,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,GotBacon54,every 10 minutes or so my game keeps on crashing
76561197974127850,Recommended,238090,25972819,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Lexe,"Positive:+ Huge maps+ WW2 German speaking enemy and yes the Italians too+ Dramatic music+ This game teaches you why you shouldn't launch metal bits at other people+ good amount of weapons, I'm maybe 20% into the game and weapons keep unlocking+ pretty good AI. They hear a sound and check it out, somehow their timing is very good and you canset a trap or walk around the corner to stab them just in time. Good gameplay.Negative:- Console animations: Press space to use a ladder and teleport 3 meters facing anywhere...- Melee close combat plays like they inverse your (drunk) controls, very clunky- More console animations: The fragments flying from your enemies forehead are not properly animated, if the head turns, the fragments turn with it. It makes everything look cheap and unpolished.- I don't like how getting spotted draws out enemies from the map. It feels like you're missing out on gameplay because you got spotted.  Half the time you'll find yourself trying to die to start over, that can't be right...- The longer range the attack is the more points you seem to get. Which is kind of lame. But I understand it's a sniper game, not a knifing game. A mine only gets you 10 points. lolConclusion:For 10€ this game was a steal (75% off sales).Just don't expect a shooter game, it's more of a stealth game.Unless you've killed about 75% of the enemies in the map, you'll be hiding and sneaking."
,Recommended,238090,25973136,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,twitch.tv/xkiruanox,Amazing game Amazing graphics just and explic game
76561198198905221,Recommended,238090,25979349,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Bei Chang,Good job
,Not Recommended,238090,26061079,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Tambu de Tasmania,"The game doesn't make an effort to be interesting. There are times in the story that I really enjoyed; but it felt quite repetitive and the story telling apect of the game was abysmal. However, the bullet physics and the x-ray kills where satisfying, but only in the beggining, because after your first missions, you just want to skip them as crazy.The stealth section of the game could improve, but as it is right now it is just fine. I would like to comment on how unconsistent the guards' field of view was; causing to become really annoying at times.The survival missions, are dissapointing to say the least. THey could have made them much more fun, by re-creating something similar to the final part of the ""prison mision"", but instead they decide to basically do the same thing as before.The lack of customization also plays againt this game, where there is not only small variety of weapons, but they all basicly feel the same. Here sticking with your default lodout, is usually your best choice.The first hours I enjoyed them, but as time went on, and the misions where not changing I realize, that this where 10 lost bucksI believe that with a little more of effort for the story, this game would be very entretaining, but as I said before, there is not enought variety  to keep me getting back to play it.I strongly urge you not to buy it, but if you aren't discouraged by my review, do yourself a favor and buy it on sale where at least you don't feal so bad about yourself"
,Recommended,238090,19569921,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,knb10000,Best sniping game till today better that Sniper Ghost Warrior 3.Good mission.Exta challange Mission.Good Multiplayer layout.Good controls
,Recommended,238090,19683310,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Slim,Super Fun Game!!!
76561198109306249,Recommended,238090,19825046,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,thatSAABguy,"Sniper Elite 3 is my first and only venture into the Sniper Elite series...and i absolutely loved it!! The graphics are simply fantastic. There are some cool downloadables as well. I myself purchased some of the weapons packs to add a few more options to my armoury. In a nutshell, if you are a fan of World War 2 themed games or have in an interest in this particular episode of world history, you will love this game! A++++"
76561198004482076,Recommended,238090,19938517,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Mort,Best sniper game ever!
,Recommended,238090,19941380,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Dr@g00n,Single Player & Online lots of fun !!
76561198168654385,Not Recommended,238090,19988566,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,pimp,Game crashes after 10 seconds i rate 5/7
,Not Recommended,238090,19981976,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,RaSpoontin,"+1 year after release and it is still plagued with graphical bugs, audio bugs, and game play bugs. Gameplay is great, but only if it works."
76561198056305877,Recommended,238090,19970369,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Joel,"Good game but needs better optimization for playing with friends, party etc."
76561198144845790,Recommended,238090,19993145,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,huntglacialis,"I don't like that it is in third person, but I enjoy the game. It was well made the environment is amazing, it's good to know that after every shot you could be found out. So i would recommend this game, if you like stratagy games, that have you think before you click on the head."
76561198144549960,Not Recommended,238090,19995411,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,munkae93,The concept of the game is fantastic and there aren't many sniper games (If any) yet the bugs and glitches as well is boring and monotonous gameplay is just getting to me.
,Recommended,238090,20013557,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Koldunjo,SHOT HITLER IN THE BALLS REFUNDED GAME 10/10
19833754942098024,Recommended,238090,20047532,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,YOU GOT A HOLE IN YOUR LEFT WING,Testicle shots are now a thing. And you get more exp for doing them as opposed to just shooting someone through the heart.10/10 best game.
,Not Recommended,238090,20074214,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,EmiL,its too hard if you dont take on the eassiet difficulty but then its not fun but good graphics! i dont play it because of the difficulty has to be on easiest if you are new 4/10 because of its to hard!
76561198037712365,Recommended,238090,20072323,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,h_1995,"it's sniper elite. ww2 theme reminds of old ww2 games like original CoD, Medal of Honor, etc. It's nicesponsored by csgo for generating steam wallet"
,Not Recommended,238090,20074649,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,hamdi.takali,"don't buy, it's a waist, the sensitivity of the mouse is ridiculous, graphics r not what i expected, just stay away, just check atleast some youtube gameplay videos first"
,Recommended,238090,20097827,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Howl,There's a sequence midway through this game where a bunch of enemy snipers set out to ambush you and it becomes ♥♥♥♥ing terrifying because all the music stops and it's like Predator and did that bush just move?
,Recommended,238090,20081360,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,MEME.DADDY,All of the nazis have Nucleus Hybrid L24 Cochlear Implant Systems. 12.5/10
,Recommended,238090,20119298,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Fallout_Boone,There was so much oppurtunity for this game but its too short. Would be a 9/10 if the story wasnt 7 hours long! Its really optimized which is really good. Not worth $40. Get it on sale for $15. 7/10.
,Recommended,238090,11499458,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Stryger,"The campaign is really good but they can improve some things in the multiplayer so people could play this for a lot of time and still enjoy it but overall, they've done a great job ;}"
76561198157112904,Recommended,238090,20079696,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,kharide accunt,good game . I Love it
,Recommended,238090,20114696,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,น้องเปิ้ลน่ารัก,ภาคนี้ไส่ระบบไหม่มาเยอะนะ แต่รู้สึกว่ามันยังไม่โอเคเหมือนยัดๆมาแต่จะสนุกมั้ยไม่รู้ผมว่าเกมนี้มันคือเกมสไนเปอร์ก็ควรเอาดีเรื่องระบบนี้ไปเลย เอามันไห้มันสุดๆเล่นมานี้เหมือนจะไห้ใช้ปืนเก็บเสียงกับลอบแทงมากกว่าได้ยิงสไนแบบสนุกๆอีกก็คงจะไห้ความพอใจไว้ที่เฉยๆ คือก็เล่นได้สนุกๆ แต่ไม่ได้ไห้รู้สึกติดลมอะไรประมานนั้น*ควรซื้อตอนลดราคาเท่านั้น*ชอบตรงที่ภาพสวยมากแต่ไม่กินสเปคเท่าไหร่ อันนี้จัดว่าเยี่ยมเลย
,Recommended,238090,20107680,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,MistahHamehs,"One of the few stealth games on PC that lets you go prone. Needs a third person FOV customization, cuz I'm getting pretty nauseous at how close the camera is to the main character. Supine position DLC would be nice."
76561198160907191,Recommended,238090,20589773,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,TurboTom,"it's a little chompy on the performance but besides that it's a great game ONLY if you like stealth games and enjoy sniping from a distance, but you wont really get a memorable experience like other games with great campaigns, but if it's on sale IT'S A GREAT DEAL"
,Recommended,238090,20584410,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Delusional,You can shoot a guy in the testicles and it shows an X-ray of it10/10
,Recommended,238090,20587907,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Sebi,Best NAZI Killing Simulator!!
,Not Recommended,238090,20590187,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Анальный шар,Doesnt`t work. I run the game and its doesn't do anething after logo. I want money back!!!!
76561198068263634,Recommended,238090,20637138,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Nat3_D()G,"I enjoyed this game alot! I thought the loadout and weapon selection improvements were great! I will say I thought the campaign was lacking. There wasnt really anything exciting or new after the first mission. Its basically just sneaking up shooting someone with a pistol, or starting a big firefight with your rifle. There were only a couple times where I actually felt a rush, and that was when I was able to hole up in one spot and get rushed by tons of enemies, but the game only set that up a couple of times. I felt the previous game did a great job of this. The previous game also set up cooler shots. SE3 doesnt really give you those super long range satisfying kills I found in the other games. Im also dissapointed in the amount of DLC for this game, unless you can get the game and the season pass for $20 as I did, its really not worth it. The extra rifles arent really that big of a difference to the game and the new missions arent going to move it up your list of favorites much. I would definitely reccomend this game on sale. It is fun to play mutliplayer with at least."
76561198242097254,Recommended,238090,20637902,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Rasmus,Awesome game play it (:
,Recommended,238090,20575276,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Hyfiee,double testicle shot10/10 buy this
,Recommended,238090,20573293,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Bullet Sponge,absolutely fantastic. sniping at it's finest.
,Recommended,238090,20617723,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Mackers,"Awesome , fun and easy to pick up."
,Recommended,238090,20644505,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,McHuntFace,Oh the physics of these games.  Play on the highest setting and become a real sniper.
,Not Recommended,238090,20644959,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,ҳ̸Ҳ̸ҳҳ�☣Tyrvana�,"How it feels when you play is more like Watchdog that i didn't like at all. In my opinion it feels like this game isn't even worth 20€. If you want to play i suggest you try a demo since this game wasted my time.  It dosen't even feel like one of those sniper games you think it is. It lack some stuff that other game's have or these kind of settings. I think it's poor in graphics as it feels like they spent more time on pixel & coloring.In either way, if you don't want to waste time by dowloading nor waste money i suggest you try a demo and see for yourself. I knew the first 10 in seconds how it all would play out and in the end it clearly sucks."
76561198179054422,Not Recommended,238090,20653399,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Mr. Avocado Man,"It was good for the hour I played it, but now no matter how many tutorials I look through this goddamn game will not stop crashing upon startup. If it comes on sale for ten or fifteen dollars, I would purchase it, but for me I don't know when or if i will be able to play again."
76561198013405343,Recommended,238090,20404377,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,rgunczer,"Good Game, Looks Good and Plays Well. Little short."
,Not Recommended,238090,20388089,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,waiting for iphone y,it is so boring...
76561198057169180,Recommended,238090,20412519,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,zander429694893,cool game
76561198084910514,Recommended,238090,20420778,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Br0nzeclaw,"Fun to play co-op only a real challenge on the hardest difficulty. The AI is too simple (you shoot one npc, wait 30s and the others will act like nothing happened..)"
,Recommended,238090,20440544,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Tony Angel V,"This game is awesome and I highly recommend it. It's worth every penny. For the first time ever I have enjoyed a sniper game, the visual effects, animation, texture, slow motion scenes, all beautiful. You don't have only to kill soldiers, but also to create tactics to kill all of them. The more tactical you are, the easier the game will be, this is not just a ordinary action game, you've got to be smart. In a nutshell, the game is awesome but not for everyone."
,Recommended,238090,20434934,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,not dial,I liked the old one new things are bad thats why i only listen to frank sinatra and use record players cause kids thes dayz have ther isamgsung moter rollars and ther com casts and ther eye pee adreses i dont caee abeout those thingslk i only relly like old good stulf like lead zeplin and hotto doggu and allso tubercalosis why cant we have that back it was really cool cause it gave you a challenge in life ♥♥♥♥ new modern medicine and ♥♥♥♥ sanders vote trump lease.also it was ok.
,Recommended,238090,20480919,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,twitch.tv/piggycoolface,Sniper no sniping
,Recommended,238090,20356924,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Original Her0,"Its alright but falls victim to the ""guards forget their friend's just been shot in the head"" malarky that so many other games fall into. you know the one where they look really worried for a few minutes and then go back to doing the rounds, leaving their friends cold, lifeless body in the middle of the street.Graphics are nice, kill cams are cool, vehicles are harder to destroy and the enemy responds differently depending on whether they discover a body or hear a gunshot, all pluses!BUT! the AI lets it down. i want guards that continue to search the area for the person that killed their smoking buddy, more guards to replace the ones you've already killed once they realise they've disppeared and the entire thing gets a little more hairy because you chose to kill someone in plain sight, as apposed to waiting until they went around that corner out of the way. Also, missions get a little repetative. 1) destroy this thing 2) oh look a general/officer that has intel has just spawned, kill him and search his body 3) look out a tank/half track has appeared out of no where to come do donuts in the middle of the map, better destroy it before the sparkle party really kicks off 4) repeatI'd recommend it to you if you arent a picky ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ like me but i've only got 5 hrs on record right now and already i'm not feeling it. its fun to play for a while and makes you feel like an actual sniper, and that your shots actually do damage! but overall just another sub genre of a 3rd person shooter."
76561198016579249,Recommended,238090,20454159,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Prison Pappa Ralle,Is nice.
,Not Recommended,238090,20457332,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,catcherinthesty,"Nowhere near as much fun as Sniper Elite 2. The body physics are nuts, the ballistics feel random (I think the wind changes frequently without giving any real indication of this?) and, frankly, it's stupid that trucks explode like giant fireballs if you break their engines. It lacks veresimilitude where it should have it and is too damn real when I would rather have a video game experience."
76561198168669702,Recommended,238090,20473597,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Daan,"Gameplay very smooth. Game seems to be well optimized and beta tested.I liked the different levels of difficulty, makes for a completely new gameplay the higher in level you go.AI seems a bit ""slow"" sometimes, but gets increasingly better in higher difficulty levels.Overall a very well thought out game with hours of gameplay ."
76561198093798134,Not Recommended,238090,20363863,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,HydroPug,This game is a pieace of♥♥♥♥♥♥i loved the first 2 but this one just takes the game  the cake. I would rather eat my own♥♥♥♥♥♥then play another minute of this game.
76561198158693683,Recommended,238090,20451836,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,ze mani #rip skins,best sniping game ever!!!!
,Recommended,238090,20464277,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,AntzinPantz,"The controls in the second game weren't great, but they were functional.  This game, the controls feel awkward and the camera zips in and out at the most inopportune time.    Still fun, but can be very frustrating."
,Recommended,238090,20445818,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Radius,Would kill hitler again
76561197980854417,Recommended,238090,20558864,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Godspark,"As a game with a co-op campaign I am automatically liking this game. The co-op part allows for simultanous take-downs and try-hard stealthy play. On the weak side, I think being discovered could have been more punishing than it is. Now you simply have to relocate a good 30-70m before you become fully stealthed again. I wish the AI would have sounded a more lasting alarm and called in reinforcements upon being discovered.There is an interesting multiplayer map setting called ""No-cross"", which endorses heavy sniper play as well."
76561198046901576,Recommended,238090,20557684,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Gatsu,"Fun, max payne mechanins in a stealth snping game... What more could you ask for m8?"
,Recommended,238090,20560047,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,OP,gg for life this is a very good game +rep great fun.. not must ells i would want !
76561197995908860,Recommended,238090,24737670,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,AFANA,best sniping game
,Recommended,238090,24733776,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Psʏᴄʜᴏ Bɪᴋᴇ-O,"This game is alot of fun.If you like shooting Italians and Germans in the♥♥♥♥♥♥just for the sake of can do and will do, this game is right up your street"
,Recommended,238090,24750186,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Plasma,"Not just a sneaker game, you can get away with battling it out, which I really liked.  I'm not big on games like Thief or Splinter Cell and I was worried  this would be the same, but that wasn't the case.  Overall, if left me wanting more. 7.5/10"
,Recommended,238090,24696189,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,PAN Mirek,Sniper Elite Series - Best sniping series on the world !
,Recommended,238090,24947467,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Igor Vlidinski,"Very good stealth game and sniping game, fun gameplay and I got it on sale for $4.Okay now the game part of the review. I am not very good at stealth games nor do I like most of them, but this one is good. I can say this is a good game for people who like stealth games (Hitman, Assassin's Creed, etc.) I would recommend it. The game has good gameplay, good graphocs, and is good overall. 10/10"
76561198216509919,Not Recommended,238090,24942499,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,SwaziKush,boring repetetive and way to difficult to get new items
,Recommended,238090,24943411,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,coljala,"While it's been some months since i last played it, I had a great time playing Sniper Elite 3.  I played through the campaign 2x fully and replayed certain missions a few times more.  Steam doesn't seem to register most of the time I've played so maybe it doesn't count replays or dlc time...dunno.It was the first game of it's kind I had played in some time.  (imo most FPS games have been new faces for the same tired gameplay mechanics for years just like MMO's).  I'm glad I decided to give this game a fair shake after reading a few reviews for it in various places - Steam among them and have never regretted that decision.I found the graphics to be quality enough to see what I needed without things blurring/blending at distances.  I never experienced crashes or client failures that i can recall, so obviously if they did happen, they weren't severe enough to dampen the gameplay experience.While I can agree with a couple other reviewers that the missions seemed a bit far-fetched, as did the locations (RAT factory as example...how the hell would they have ever gotten it out of that mountainside cave when the road that led to the factory wasn't wide enough?  lol)  the landscapes and mission areas were exceptionally well done imo and it never once claimed to be historically accurate in any way though they did proper detail work on uniforms and vehicles and did a wonderful job on the buildings as well.I never engaged in the multiplayer as I'm not inclined to compete with people, rather I prefer teamwork if not playing solo.Seeing that v4 is coming soon, I'm quite excited.   If it's done as well as SE3, It'll be worth every penny on release day.I bought this game at a discount more than a year after it came out, but it too would have been worth full price had I looked for it earlier.Would still recommend the game at full price tbh, but obviously I'd suggest waiting for sales to buy anything if one can wear their patience that thin :)"
,Not Recommended,238090,24462906,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,The Book of 5.7,"inexplicable miss and ammo conservation simulator.....EDIT:Now that i've played the game a little more, I have to say I'm incredibly frustrated and disappointed in it. It irks me in a way that I need to air.Ballistic realism puts you at a  seemingly10 yard zero with your scope, so even the shortest of shots drop like a ******** brick at 50 yards. This isn't how guns and scopes work guys.You've had three titles to work through it and figure it out.A standard 30-06 M1 garand was zero'd for 200 meters, with standard m2 ball ammo traveling 2900 feet per second. looking at a ballistic calculator, with a 200 yard zero, the bullet's trajectory  won't travel outside of 2.5 inches. this means, no matter what you hold, if you're within 2 inches of your target with the cross hairs, you shouldn't be missing. Sure, it doesn't make for exciting kentucky winadge holds and guesstimation, but come on guys.The gameplay itself herds you into basic forced confrontations with enemies to make you use your limited ammo pistol that, more often than not, bounces off of enemies like the world's fastest bouncy ball  When you inevitably run out of ammo for that, you'll be forced to switch to your smg, aka a bullet hose whose crosshairs might as well be at the top, bottom, left and right of your screen as you spray more ineffective mouse turds at ubernazis with iron skin. then go blow something up, probabaly a truck, with a straight up idiotic ""flint and steel"" which, rest assured, has the same mechanic with guards as a rock, and doesn't actually add anything to the game when you can shoot any and all explosives for the exact same result.I really wanted to like this game, but it's so hard to with all of this.I'm going to keep playing and see if i change my mind."
76561198045817341,Recommended,238090,30834557,Posted: 30 March,all,etomto,Despite Sniper Elite 3's sucessful predecessor; this game can't help but feel unnecessary. The fun and engaging sniping mechanic returns with a polish but that's just about it. I see the game as a mediocre capitalization on Sniper Elite V2's minor  success. Still enjoyable but completely overpriced and not original. The only reason why i recommend this game is because it's worth purchasing on sale if you want more of what you experienced in V2.
,Not Recommended,238090,24300457,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,ДВЛ4Godd,"€45,99 ?SMH"
76561198001985725,Recommended,238090,25344610,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Taurus,realy good game
,Recommended,238090,24465121,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,HEC404,Bucket-list:- Become a sniper : CHECK- Become a doctor : CHECK
,Recommended,238090,24504170,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,ocraMeD ♜,"Fun sniper game, but sometimes repetitive levels, and mechanics get tiresome. Worth buying for those who enjoy FPS or stealth themed games.7/10"
76561198260936994,Recommended,238090,24269589,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,PointHorder,great game dont need a great system to run plus has great content.
,Not Recommended,238090,24323577,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Namatacka,"Far too short, but a giggle with co-op."
,Not Recommended,238090,16685548,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Daassie,"Sniping can be fun, co-op with reservations, lacks mechanical polish.I can't recommend this game because nowadays I have to verify the cache every time I want to play, because otherwise the game just freezes on launch.--original review--Sneaking is more about relocating than actually staying silent; punishment for detection is no big deal and two players can overrun the enemies very easily. The AI knows *exactly* where to go though, and can follow your escape with radar even when you are not detected by sight or sound. Vehicles have unlimited Super-Vision™.The campaign is shamefully short (and identical for SP/co-op) yet tedious. Controls are clunky; taking cover and peeking often makes you shoot the wall instead, one button press takes three steps when standing, can't cancel certain animations, etc. I don't know if a controller would have an easier time, but with kb+m directional control is too twitchy and the sprints awkward - other 3PS titles like GTA, Saints Row, and Assassin's Creed play better, and Assassin's Creed even has a lot ofhar'core parkour.A lot of the awkwardness could be avoided with more lenient action hotspots (search body, interact with object, collision with object) and just implementing a Walk/Slow button. Now I had totactically crouchwalkeverywhere for actions to trigger correctly (placing traps still a ♥♥♥♥♥ tho'). If it's silly but it works, I guess...That being said, the production values are good: visuals are great, positional audio works, explosions and guns have punch to them. It's a nice trip through Murder Valley, but too short and littered with small annoyances that made me stop playing for long periods at a time.There is some solo replay value, as the gunplay can be extremely fun."
76561197988410749,Recommended,238090,17973859,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Anti-ist,"Pretty good overall, but there are only so many times you want to see an slow♥♥♥♥♥x-ray replay of shooting someone in the balls. Yeah, I know you can shoot them elsewhere, but why would you? 6.5/10"
76561198181108826,Recommended,238090,18014717,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,William G. Kirby,Enjoyed it.
,Recommended,238090,18062208,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,M❤︎E.Fateweaver,HO HO HA HA
76561198079274981,Recommended,238090,18569293,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,M4ius,Fantastic
76561198055306447,Recommended,238090,18790124,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Sillar,"""It's got x-ray slowmo nutshots, what else do you want!?"" - a friend talking about this gem"
76561198058286911,Recommended,238090,18270303,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,iKs-Dig Bick (MC),"This Game Has Broken mutieplayer,physics,coop but other than that i think its good"
76561198236529800,Recommended,238090,26545780,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,pupper,10/10...................................90000000
,Not Recommended,238090,26542840,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,freefallcid,"The game was quite cool, liked it alot but on Windows 10 it crashes all the time. It's not playable any more - so make sure to stay on Windows 7 if you can.-.-"
,Recommended,238090,26476011,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,INSURGENT™,"Is Sniper Elite 3 a nice game? Answer :Yes, It isRating 8.25/10 Quality Price 6.5/10 The price in my opinion is too high for this game.The price should be 20 euros instead of 46 euros.This game has really nice graphics and a captivating story but it is too short.The story is about a sniper in the Second World War in the British Army named Karl Fairburne who is selected to assisinate a German general who tries to design and produce a giant battle tank name the Ratte.It has nice graphics and decent gameplay but it is too short and overpriced. Worth to buy it when is at least 50% off."
,Recommended,238090,26535547,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,ManOfSparta,VERY BRUTUL GAME!!! BUY IT OR BUY SNIPER ELITE 4
,Recommended,238090,26538086,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,fя0zєИ^G,Best Sniper Elite game.
76561198050759707,Recommended,238090,14396818,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Blah146135,testicles
76561198065306837,Recommended,238090,25955521,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,GeorgTheGamer,"So far simply very fun game, with beautiful graphic and environments, well optimised, I recommend!"
76561197998239283,Recommended,238090,25955535,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Chainedkitty,"Snipe elite three is a fun title of a game, but it only holds up to being a lot of fun if you enjoy the slow motion bullet time effect to a point.But the sad thing about this game is the fact that the a.i is a damn joke, the stealth part of the game as well is a joke of something thats just tiring and pretty effortless.if you intend on playing this game on a expert mode, be sure to never get spotted as the ai has a aim that can take you down from any point in the map, making it a pain in the Butt to take on when it comes to messing up.If you play this game on lower difficulty you wont see the many flaws as you would on a higher difficulty.Stealth consists of you crouching half the time among the map and moving at a very slow pace, you can run or move in a non-crouch mode but the enemy can hear you from pretty much 3 miles away.As for distraction shots and masking your weapon to kill other enemies, you have to remain at a certain distance with the noise, but for some reason this counts for masking your gun fire from super far distances but yet get slightly out of range of a few feet from the noise generation and everyone on the map and tell the difference between a sniper shot and that generator, tailpipe pop or raido static and thus making your life hell.I enjoy this game, i wont lie, its a good time killer and for 10 bucks as i got it on sale, not a bad thing to spend time on...but if your paying higher then this, go back to the older sniper elite game, nothing in this one really changes from that except for bullet time now has cars and what not insides to see it blow up from the inside out.but beyond that you have zombies in sniper elite 2, a more finished game, and a similar feel and animations as this one has that they ported over from the other one.your limitation on movement is very, very limited, so if your looking for a stealth game with a good movement and variety of climbing and thinking outside the box, you may as well go back to splinter cell chaos theory or metal gear solid, because this hardly scraped the barrel.if on sale, get if you have spare cash, but if its still 60 or 40 above...might want to go some place else.also multiplayer is kinda bland after a while as well."
,Recommended,238090,25955536,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Odyseuss,Excellent FPS + Stealth game. Exciting and fun for the casual as well as experencied gamers
,Recommended,238090,25952909,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,CommanderG97,"Love V2,3 is even better!Great optimisation for low spec PC as well. Above 40 Fps on Ultra setting on my GTX 860M."
76561198045005778,Recommended,238090,25953254,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,.:::_Striker_:::.,"Great gameplay, whether you feel like seeing heads explode or going through a challenging campaign!"
,Recommended,238090,25951768,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Cruxion,"Pros:1. Realistic physics, taking account wind, gravity, bullet velocity.2.Many many options for difficulty of AI, realism of physics(can turn wind and such off), and HUD.3. Much larger levels than V2, with many ways of moving threough them most the time.Neutral:1.Slow-pacedCons:1.The auto-save and quick save are both the same. If you quicksave and try to load ytour last sdave it will load an autosave if you passed a point in the level.2. Seems to have a weird bug, the game slows my internet connection down when open, and disconnects me when i play a campaign level.3. The Hunt The Grey Wolf DLC mission is very linear."
,Recommended,238090,25954643,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,ChoggY,"Not bad game, SP missions are long, and MP is interesting :D"
76561198062378120,Recommended,238090,25954657,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,DADDY,cool
,Recommended,238090,16077635,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,[PTG]Nosliw,it's a pretty decent game like but it needs the old health system back.......................Just noticed that game is £40... its been out for a year and its £40? surely thats a mistake should be down to at least £19.99
76561198076216819,Recommended,238090,25889839,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Pavel,"Great sniper game, you are not some jack of all trades, one man murder machine, but a sniper who plans and executes."
,Recommended,238090,25933652,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,«AS» CD Mongo,Lots of fun.
76561198027923810,Recommended,238090,25934015,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Eddy,"It's simple to grasp and fun.  I feel like this game focused more on using stealth which in turn required you to use your welrod more, but you'll still be using your sniper rifle plenty enough.  I prefer Sniper Elite 2, because I liked the european theatre much more, but if this game is on sale then you should definitely buy it."
76561197974984700,Recommended,238090,25934361,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,LeadStuff,"Meh, same ol same ol.The gameplay is pretty ordinary, the sniper mode is kinda ok but not much of an improvment on the earlier version of this game.It IS challenging and THAT is enjoyable but it still feels like a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥3PS shooter with a but of stealth and sniping thrown in instead of feeling like its the primary mode for the game."
76561198156723439,Recommended,238090,25926330,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,nero1955,sot on
,Recommended,238090,26444551,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,BulletMark™,this game can give you the opportunity to explode hitler's balls!
76561198088235087,Recommended,238090,26417189,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Chester,"It's been a while since I've bought this game, and I've finished the Co-op mode twice with my brother, and it was fun.The multiplayer however is totally dead."
76561198004810483,Recommended,238090,17592449,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Sig9,"I've got some opinions and observations about this game. I'm sure not everyone will agree with me but I have put a lot of single-player hours into this game.  No co-op yet.  I'm running a newly built i5 4690, MSI 970 GTX,  Gaming 7 MSI motherboard, SSD's and a Logitech Proteus mouse.  Sorry about any spelling errors; you'd think Steam would supply a spell checker.If you can grab this game on sale, I'd suggest you do so because it can be fun, addictive but incredibly frustrating.  Wiith that said, I do not recommend  paying the $50 asking price.  There are too many glitches and other issues to justify that kind of bread.  The Hellfire solo challenge, though fun,  is chucked full of graphical gotchas and shooting issues.By glitch or design:  apart from what appears to be random error applied to the overall accuracy, when shooting over rails, rocks, etc, the obstacle messes with the accuracy.  Stated differently, you'll miss good slow shots at just a few meters for no apparent reason when shooting over rails.  This will require at least one sometimes two follow-up shots.  Not good.  In the mean time, a Nazi will be hosing you down at a distance seemingly beyond the effective MP-40 (9mm) range of about 65 meters (6 inch drop).  Past this range, the round, though still deadly,  has a signficant drop.All too often, when selecting Run or a weapon, it takes 2 key presses before the command request is registered. After entering the shooting zone (default E), the fire command sometimes locks for a few secons.  Another problem, when you come up on a suprised Nazi and you attempt to snap shoot, the game delays the shoot request for a good second.  Of course the Nazi has no such delay.  These flaws have caused health damage and my untimely death more than once.  The toggle aim is buggy.  After shooting or aiming at a target and hitting the toggle aim to release the aim lock, the 3rd person camera will sometimes rotate 90 - 180 degrees completely screwing up the situational awareness.The ""authentic"" mode is anything but. I've managed to defeat the authentic setting but only after a lot of hours.  After a while, you figure out what you need to do to beat each level.  Unless you have a lot of patience, go for the Sniper Elite level instead.Shoot a Nazi with the silenced HDM (a High Standard .22), then out of the DARK, another Nazi will appear, snap shooting and causing significant health loss or death.  Speaking of the .22, I've shot a High Standard semi-auto and it has virtually no recoil.  From the game, you'd think it recoils like a .40 cal Glock.  I wonder if any of the game developers have ever shot a real honest to goodness firearm.  It's a British company so I doubt it.In ""authentic"" mode, the Nazis are able to see you in the dark from long distances and differeniate Nazi from enemy.  They can sometimes see and shoot through solid objects like barrels and walls.  I was glitched by a Nazi who was shooting me from the other side of a wall; he was inside the building, I was on the outside.  I was also glitched by a Nazi shooting me from inside a large rock in the Hellfire challenge.  Whatever :(In ""authentic"" mode, there is no aim assist, that is a little dot giving you an estimate of the ""hold-over"" distnace and where the projectile will hit.  It's pretty much all guess work until you get accustomed to the particluar rifle you've selected.  Sort of.  If this were truly authentic, you'd have some sort of before-hand knowledge of distance judgement and wind drift; after all, you're a trained sniper!  Plus you'd have first hand knowledge of the ballistics of your riffle. Maybe it's just me but I've seen the bullet trajectory vary by about a quarter dot from game to game for the same rifle.  Can this be due to wind?  Nope, the wind isn't really going to affect the shot under about 200 yards.  For a typical hunting round, a 10 mph cross wind can cause ""roughly"" a 3"" drift at 200 yards.  Should the elevation setting of the rifle change?  Nope.  Not unoless the accelleration force due to gravity changes.  Assuming that you, the trained sniper, hand-loads your own ammo.  It seems to me that the devlopers fudge the rifle windage and elevation settings at the start of each game.Finally, a few enterprising souls have figured out how to  hack the leadershiop boards with scores well past the 6 digit mark.  One would think the developers would put the kabosh on this.If it were my money, I'd pay no more than about $15 or $20.  Finally, avoid the authentic setting since it isn't very ""authentic"" and IMO not worth the time and effort.  Happy gaming!UPDATE: October 27, 2016.  I've replayed a  few hours for past couple a weeks and still have not changed my opinion.  The game continues to be addictive but... nerfed weaponry, 75% of the shots don't phase the enemy, grenades and mines that have miimal affect; enemies run right over mines and detinate them but aren't hurt.  Nice.  If the WW II weponry were this bad, both sides would have lost the war.  Considering the issues in SE 3, I'm going to wait before purchasing SE 4, at least until a significant price reduction happens."
76561198096123849,Recommended,238090,25505958,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,[4-31] smash5760,Every shot you take will be you trying to get a nutshot. Then when your not trying too. You get one.No but seriously. Theres not many games that are World War 2 style now a days. and i would say only 20% of WW2 games even take place in the African conflict. This game is fantastic. Keeps it like all the Sniper Elite titles where your mission is to assassinate HVTs and destroy tanks and stuffIm pretty sure theres not a fuel tank on a tank you can shoot but it just makes the tanks easier to shoot so you arent getting blown up every 5 seconds. instead of being by yourself most of the games on some missions it gives you allies that you can support. (these allies are british Commonwealth forces) if i were to rate this game it would be a [9/10] mainly bacause the african conflict earns it a +5 in points.P.S. If you find or play any ww2 games that take place in africa please post a link so i can play them.
,Recommended,238090,26428489,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,ThisCharmingMan,"I can't recommend this game enough. It is fantastic, and if you have a friend for the cooperative missions, even better. Don't miss this one."
,Recommended,238090,26372379,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Captain no Baka,It great sniping mode make me curious if my shots hit my target in Custome Mode when u disable the help when emptying lung or focus.9.9/10
76561198168083780,Recommended,238090,26336718,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Papa_Dragon,This is a really great game that I would recomend to anybody who is a fan of stealth based games. The stealth is really great and adds a new level of difficulty to the game as do the bullet ballistics. The x-ray sniper view is really amazing although quite brutal.
41188228112201423,Recommended,238090,25974144,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,cs.money.tradeskinsfast.com,Love this game so much!!
,Not Recommended,238090,25976875,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Interesting  ( ͡-ʖ ͡-),"good graphics, not very fun tho."
,Recommended,238090,26073021,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,"John, El Esquizofrénico","i like it very much, if you like snipers this is the game for you, depends wich game mode you are playing but generaly you  have to learn to be pacient , some times takes a while to find some one to kill ,well i think thats good and makes it even more realistic"
76561198143479602,Recommended,238090,26071167,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,The Dark Fox,be a♥♥♥♥♥♥and aim for the testicles
76561198112834800,Recommended,238090,26323002,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Raginfury,"Fun co-op, would definately recommend to anyone who enjoys a good sniping game!"
76561197999738981,Recommended,238090,26332773,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,WardaddyAUS,Shot Hitler in the testicles. 8\10
,Recommended,238090,25895344,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,uxagency,Possibly one of the most satisfying games to play ever - especially with the cheat options OFF.  ie make it feel as real as you can.Also thank fudge this game is not about running around constantly resource gathering.  It's just about Loooong distance skull splittin shootin!
76561197962722556,Recommended,238090,25780100,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,B۞R۞U۞C۞€۞W۞I۞L۞L۞E$,NICE ONE
76561198067796111,Recommended,238090,25909144,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Able6,Rocked. Pure and simple.
76561198204577853,Recommended,238090,25909403,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,vonstrucker22,soooooo worth it got it for 10$ would have payed full price
76561197988077759,Recommended,238090,26077791,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,danny_maland,"""Sniper Elite 3"" is everything great about ""2,"" but in much greater quantity and turned up to 11.In its predecessor, you could get a tiny bit claustrophobic. Even though the levels were ""open,"" you could still get the feeling that you were being herded from tactical arena to tactical arena.With ""3,"" you have much more room, and many more viable paths. This game is much more about what I would call the ""total mission."" The previous entry in the series was (almost) all about the weapon handling. It was a technical shooter with stealth elements - basically, a single-mechanic exercise. (A really good one.)This offering, on the other hand, ups the ante by being a game that succeeds with being really good at two things: First, it's a really well built stealth infiltration game. Second, all the technical shooting elements are still there. This creates a much more expansive experience, where the world reacts to you in a way that feels natural and generally uncontrived, and where your imagination has free range to help you keep the enemies guessing.(And, a big bit of kudos goes to the developers for creating, shall we say, ""target rich"" environments where you can still feel invested in every shot and relocation. Excellent work, that.)Yes, there are a few little glitches. Every so often, I would get into a situation where the aim indicator showed my shot as being blocked, but I couldn't figure out why. Then, when prone in a sniper nest, the aim indicator would show a valid shot...but, no, actually, my rifle was clipping through geometry and the round was immediately deflected.Another thing to be aware of is that ""3"" doesn't do as much hand-holding as other games. It's not completely opaque by any means, but you are expected to be able to figure out the basics on your own. If you're not familiar with some of ""Sniper Elite's"" conventions,  I image that you may be a bit bewildered at first.Following along with the above, the loadouts and rifle customizations are a bit of a rough spot. They present a great number of options to you, but at the beginning of the game most of those choices are locked off. The exact requirements for each unlock are never made particularly clear, and as such, there was a scope customization that I wanted but was never able to get.But those aren't major issues in the end.I was looking forward to playing ""Sniper Elite 3,"" and I was not disappointed in any way. It's a very, very worthy successor to ""2,"" and I would call it a must play for fans of this kind of game."
76561198329704701,Recommended,238090,25959339,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,lao315,A good game. Only played it for a little while. And had so much fun
76561198031639536,Not Recommended,238090,20146515,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,OzTeke,One of the worst AI I have ever seen.
,Not Recommended,238090,26084057,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,SG♚Turtle,I would love to get my money back!! Cause this game is really BAD. I dont know how people can even play this!
,Recommended,238090,25933085,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,directX is life,"Thanks for the free weekend Rebelion.I've played SE1,V2 and now SE3. And gotta say that this is the best of Snipers. (yet?) [SE4 is coming soon!]Still you'll find a bug here and there, AI sometimes acts really unpredictable - like starts running for no reason, or TURNS at you.Also everybody in Africa speaks German now.7/10"
,Recommended,238090,26084256,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Chibi Phoenix,"Very fun stealth gameplay, very challenging as well!Only 1 real 'downside' is that x-ray cam doesnt work in co-op :(And my friend and I noticed some delay between killing (when he fires I can literaly kill steal the guy before his bullet lands, kind off odd, since our connection is fine). Other than that, very fun, definitly a get!"
,Recommended,238090,26081022,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,{SBX}DamageDealer,"I'm not a career gamer and I'm new to Steam.I thoroughly enjoyed the play mechanics. I love the more difficult settings where ballistic behaviour is a bit more erratic. I felt like the story could have been a little bit longer, but that's probably due to there being a significant online component. Great game, fun, and seeing guts explode in slow motion will never put me off. Thanks to the developers and everyone else who made this game happen. It was a good time."
76561198283106377,Recommended,238090,26081478,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,ArjabRoy,"This game is epic, Story, Graphics, Gameplay & optimization at it's best, after a long time i have played such a polished game, intense stealth elements enriches the game more, it's worth the money along with the content rich Season Pass with 4 terrific missions that takes this game to a different level, overall a memorable experience , eagerly waiting for Sniper Elite: Italia. :)"
76561198076266815,Recommended,238090,25957820,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,davidi1,Overall I liked the game. The moment to moment play was entertaining and challenging whilst priviving me to fun experianeces.
76561198149676908,Not Recommended,238090,25990766,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,MaskOff767,"i bought DLC pack, when i load game it wasn't there at all."
76561198011062247,Not Recommended,238090,25990830,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,[KON] Infidel96B,"Well I want to like the game but....I have an AWESOME computer. The best that money can buy, and it just crashes. I suspect it is an incompatibility with Windows 10, but I don't know that for certain.I'll try again periodically and see if a patch fixes it but until then Thumbs Down, Can't recommend."
,Recommended,238090,26454315,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Syni,"Worth the price on steam sale.Sniper Elite 3 is a good game, fun with a friend to play with, but frustrating. Many glitchs and bugs. You will have fun playing this game, nutshots some guys and shot across the world. But if you have to make a choice between the second and the third, just play Sniper Elite V2.Sniper elite 3 can run on a potato computer."
76561198138422969,Recommended,238090,26457003,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Bati$ta rockt,"THISISAWESOMEbuy it, mother♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ers"
76561198073932095,Recommended,238090,27792861,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,DimaFromGreece,nice game
76561198033719090,Recommended,238090,27790833,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,SgtRicko,"Sniper Elite 3 was worth the money when I initially purchased it at near-full price, and now that it's being routinely offered on Steam Sales, it's definitely worth picking up.First off, one important thing to keep in mind: this is NOT a simulation game.  It's far too arcadey, with regenerating health, ridiculously short-ranged, inaccurate handguns and SMGS, and most importantly how drastically the bullets are affected by wind, bullet drop, and have unusually short maximum ranges.  You'll only get a handful of opportunities hit a target past 250+ meters, and you'll need to compensate quite a bit to make that shot happen.  Yet the game clearly loves sniper rifles and makes every effort to have you use them constantly, because they're the most accurate, powerful and well-rounded of the guns.  Oh, and how you're also allowed to defeat armored vehicles if you can find their weakspots, often gas caps, crew members, or ammunition storage.Unlike it's predessor, Sniper Elite 3 is much more open-ended.  While the first couple of missions are rather linear, beyond that the game begins to open up and allow you to approach objectives however you please.  Stealh is still a major gameplay mechanic, since the enemy is accurate and will quickly swarm and gun you down if you're discovered, but not to the point where it's mandatory. They're easily distracted, easily dispatched when alone, and have limited numbers. And even better, they got rid of the incredibly irritating design of the snipers from the previous game and made them behave more fairly and realistically. (seriously, their previous iteration could instantly spot you ANYWHERE AT ANY DISTANCE, even when not directly looking at you, and were extremely accurate; not fun at all to fight).It has a multiplayer mode too, and it is pretty fun, albeit average.  It follows the typical FPS formula with Free For All, Team Deathmatch, Capture the Flag, etc, along with leveling up and unlocking guns and equipment.  But given the brutal competition faced these days by other FPS multiplayer juggernauts I doubt this will be neither a selling feature or something to get you addicted.TL;DR?  If Metal Gear Solid V: Ground Zeroes focused entirely upon lethal options and sniping and was set during WWII, you'd have something pretty close to Sniper Elite III."
76561198075491202,Recommended,238090,27818565,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Papa Pingu,"I don't know whats better, shooting Nazi's in the face with high powerd rifes from 2km's away in this awesome game or actually shooting nazi's from 2km's away with high powerd rifes."
,Recommended,238090,27853762,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Dr. Gamer,The game is amazing
76561197984818947,Recommended,238090,27861311,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Adrenalz,"Maps are much more 'in-depth' than SE2, overall a better game!"
,Recommended,238090,27772251,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Bubur Ayam,Love the game
76561198060816954,Recommended,238090,27801740,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Dalkironik,This game is mad but gets a bit repetitive and there aren't many guns unless you pay
,Recommended,238090,27803314,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,O<MIX>O,i like this game with my friends and it is so FUN
,Recommended,238090,27764275,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Iamzoomn!,"Maybe if we gave more hugs, Hilter wouldn't of been so bad."
76561198080252001,Recommended,238090,27821830,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Mads DU HAR POTATO AIM,Super game
,Recommended,238090,27783959,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,An.ARF13,Nice game. If you like Sniper games u must buy this one.
,Recommended,238090,27810989,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,ZeroDark,Just the way that things pop in this game 10/10
76561198093150390,Recommended,238090,20532328,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,NeL,"While the campaign isn't overly long, there are many different ways to approach each mission e.g. silent / stealthy or YOLO guns blazing. Cool graphics, and an overall really enjoyable game. Definitely one to buy"
,Recommended,238090,20064426,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,kkgg84,Good game but eventually becomes somewhat repetitive...
,Recommended,238090,20055832,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,TaKeN,"Honestly im not the biggest for FPS but after playing this ive never felt the same for them . I thought i was going to buy this game not end up liking it , then ask for a refund via steam refunds. If their ever is a Sniper Elite 4 i most definetly will purchase it because this truly was the best FPS i have ever played. Ive never been good at stealth Games (and i never will be) but still i think the way the stealth in this game works is quite cool .If you like Stealth FPS this is the game for you."
76561198004426992,Recommended,238090,20006084,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,kerneljohn,"I am some what older than most people who play this type of game.  I enjoy FPS game of all types.  I like this one especialy that I can save at any point so if I get suprised by somethin and get killed I can try it over again, if I have saved."
,Recommended,238090,20133778,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Pwnage,"I would rather it be called Stealth Elite 3, although i must say the sniping moments are very entertaining and i dont mine using the welrod for 60% of the game and then sniping the rest of the time. So overall good game and can't wait for Stealth Elite 4..."
,Not Recommended,238090,20136488,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,CutthroatPrune,"Boring, long, repetitive.Lack of story and character build just make this a fun arcade shooter. Could not bring myself to enjoy it"
76561198065918046,Recommended,238090,19861152,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,SEIGI NO MIKATA,"I wouldn't particularly say this is a bad game, i just dont find it extremely fun to play which is all i look in a game like this. You do your quests and move on with the story which by the way is not that appealing. Mechanics aren't half bad but overall i would not give this game above 7/10. Nevertheless I do recommend it should you require a pastime game and the game itself is on sale which happens frequently."
,Not Recommended,238090,14375312,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,LoppanH,"I really like sniping and the game dont look that bad but I think its insulting to us pc gamers to give us some handcontroll setup, I would like to call it a cheap and lazy console porting and it sux. If I play on pc I want to strafe  and when I press backwards the caracter should not turn around and walk towards me its just plain stupid. So if you like me hate lazy crap console porting get it on a sale."
,Recommended,238090,19574554,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,TrollgoneGamer,Shooting testicles sure is fun...8/10
76561198042996035,Recommended,238090,20155911,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Riles,"FUun game that has some balistics, Im no champion marksman but the bullet drop and wind effects are not realistic. There is way to much drop and the wind has way too much effect. I have shot out to 600m and had not had as much hold off as I do in this game at what appears to be less than 200m. though I am unsure of how much MOA effects anything, MOA seems to have no influance though and it is simply wind drift and bullet drop."
,Recommended,238090,20155206,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,once sniper,Fantastic game. Good graphics and finally the sniper can climb!
,Recommended,238090,20155638,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Orbex CSGO500,Like any other Sniper Elite. It has a great stealth/sniping based storyline with the slow-mo xray cam that everyone loves.
76561197961446232,Recommended,238090,21399487,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Supertanker,"There are those of us that enjoy slowly creeping through the brush, shooting hapless guards in their vital organs from great distances, sometimes with the critical damage being shown in glorious, ensanguined slow-motion.  If you are one of us, by all means play this game.  If you bunny-hop across a level out of sheer habit, ingrained since the days you could only play as Phoenix Connection on the T side, then you should give this game a pass."
76561198214516688,Not Recommended,238090,22579408,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,brandon_neale_schneider,"Randomly crashes.When it works, it's great, but it seldom works.As of today, it won't even boot. It starts to load and then crashes.Like fifteen times in a row.I'll change my review if this changes."
,Recommended,238090,22573592,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Meeseeks,"Great game, do not buy unless you have a LOT of patience"
76561198196092287,Recommended,238090,22432316,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,ThatRandomArab,"Beautiful graphics and compelling gameplay, this game is ideal that other historical first person shooters should strive towards.P.S RIP Bauer"
,Recommended,238090,22370809,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,LiquidThoughts,Definitely recommend this game.  If you like stealth and sniping then its a no brainier.  If you like crazy action and your a Call of Duty fan then I would move on.  This is about taking calculated shots and planing out your moves.  I will say nothing feels better then playing on the hardest difficulty with no assists and getting a head shot from long range.
,Recommended,238090,22529624,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,rerigio,สนุกดีแต่เนื้อเรื่องสั้นมาก แป๊บเดียวจบซะแล้ว
,Recommended,238090,22529900,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,ARMLESS-1ARMOFF,Best one yet
76561198006403322,Not Recommended,238090,22527473,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Warfaire,"Decent but flawed compared to V2.  One of the missions in the campaign is bugged and even if you kill all the oponents the person you have to protect in the jeep apparently still dies.  You are forced to complete that stage from a vantage point that you must be in even though there are much better places to complete the mission from, a good sniper game should let you to choose where to take out an oponent.  The campaign here is a Go to A and do X.  The freedom isn't coded that you can go to B and do X.Hoping that Sniper v4 is much better."
76561197972506708,Not Recommended,238090,22543717,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Defkon,"First level, kill first two spotters no problem. Trying to kill remaning spotter, except every time I use empty lung, the spotter is ""obstructed"" even though there is nothing even close. I've tried aiming from many different spots, and it always claims its obstructed.How is this bug even a thing? Game released in 2014... I FINALLY was able to kill the guy after about 100 or so shots, finally one GRAZES him, because any shot that actually was aimed AT him somehow is stopped."
,Recommended,238090,22539726,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Jules,well its a nice story mode.........
,Recommended,238090,22386609,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,FrictioN,100/10 got to shoot one hitlers testicals off
,Recommended,238090,22489936,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,hey b0ss,*in slow motion*BOOOM HEADSHOT STRAIGHT THROUGH THE BRAINBOOM TESTICLE SHOT GNARLY!!!!what is wrong with me why do i likethis so much
,Recommended,238090,24264232,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,toastythomas,Shoots a tank.Tank shoots me.Respawn and repeat.
76561198335449186,Recommended,238090,28621009,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,✮ K1ng HNBAM,Addictive and superbly done sniper game..
,Not Recommended,238090,28617005,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Rogue,"I found SE3 boring. The stealth is missing stuff like hiding in cover (you have a little eye thing that tells you how covered you are, so basically Skyrim stealth mechanics). The ballistics live up to the hype, as do the bullet cams, but as soon as you get out of your sniper's nest to go do something, it turns into just another third person shooter."
,Recommended,238090,28088216,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Diz,This game is fun to play with friends! Except when your friends refund it and you are left with no one to play with :/ FeelsBadMan.
76561198045732336,Recommended,238090,28645504,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,dbenson31,"Predator: Afrika EditionI was killing multiple soldiers during a firefight and BJ mumbled to himself, ""...gotta move these dead bodies outta the way...""Funniest♥♥♥♥♥♥ever""You'll gun down bad nazi dudes like the Lone Ranger's evil twin."""
,Not Recommended,238090,19456639,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Sha|)ini0,"Another sad amateur-ish attempt in this franchise. I so wanted to like this game and I did find some hours of fun in it, but the truth in the end, it's much more frustrating than a game like this ought to be. Riddled with countless game breaking bugs and glitches, it's a pity that sniping enthusiasts can only pick between this game and Sniper Ghost. At least we have Sniper Elite V2; which when discussing pure sniping gameplay, was a much better game.Pros:-Good looking game-Many modes besides the campaign and tons of coop gameplay-Levelling up system, unlocking weapons, items, and upgradesCons:-Story; though I doubt anybody's coming here for the writing, cutscenes, or voice acting-Music; seriously, can you hire a composer to get rid of this tired theme that you've been recycling since the first one?!-As for the biggest problem of all: GAMEPLAY. Here's a breakdown of the biggest issues:*SE3 is not a sniping game anymore. It's a bad amateur attempt at Spliter Cell lite with a sniper rifle tagged on. The game has suddenly become about the Welrod and taking out enemies silently. Even the main character is often heard at the start of levels muttering in that dark generic voice: ""I need to stay quiet on this one!"" Sadly, the animations and controls do not back up this kind of gameplay. Whatever happened to the cover mechanic in V2??*Sniping from cover is broken. Since there's no cover system anymore, you kinda have to hug walls and corners but you're never really sure if you're currently in cover or if your shoulder's poking out the corner. Then when you aim thru the scope and attempt a few shots, you'll notice that nothing's connecting even though you can see your target clearly thru your scope. That's because your rifle has actually gone through the geometry of whatever cover your behind and your bullets are not firing through. A proper developer with a proper design would've thought ""oh? the player can see the target unobstructed? Then his bullet should connect because that's a valid game response."" You can't really control your rifle beyond general direction so whether the rifle is stuck in geometry or under it shouldn't really be the player's fault or responsibility.*Another fun one is that grenades don't necessarily have to follow the guide arc that is drawn for you...which renders them useless or rather...suicidal when throwing them from cover. I can't count the number of times I've killed myself in deathmatches when trying to lob a grenade up an elevated position only to have it bounce right back at me. And that's after careful aiming and making sure the arc dipped onto the elevation.*I've given up on hoping for a decent AI system in the SE franchise. Again, the enemy is either plain dumb or just clairvoyant. And there's no reasonable challege at higher difficulties. Just overpowered AI that can somehow hit you with an MP40 over 150m away. They also become bullet-sponges requiring as many as 3 hits from your rifle before they die. Authentic difficulty shouldn't mean 3x health points + superhuman aiming using an MG. It should rather mean ""there's a sniper out there and I'm not leaving my cover to spray and pray with my MP40 because I know that's futile against a scoped rifle!"" Developers ought to learn how to create proper AI by just playing some deathmatches! When you hear a shot and a bullet whizzing by you, do you run in the general direction of the source hoping to find the sniper? Or do you duck behind cover and observe and attempt to flank?!*The relocating mechanic was an interesting addition and it sorta works but it needs to be coupled with an AI that is aware of its own mortality. Again, you can't just go investigate a spot where a shot came from. A solo soldier on patrol ought to freeze in his shoes then flee like hell when he discovers he's being targetted or shot at. A group of soldiers ought to take cover and attempt to flank around moving from cover to cover. That's what makes multiplayer matches far more interesting and ""authentic"". Also, why is it that enemy AI knows your general position and forces you to relocate when you lob a grenade? The impact area has nothing to do with the grenadier's last position. Instead of running over to check up on the blown soldiers (who are obviously way dead by now), the AI ought to stay clear off that area. Whatever lobbed that grenade over there could certainly lob a second one!! All these issues make soldiers just unnecessary meatbags between you and your objective. And the only thing that changes about them is their aiming accuracy and amount of bullets they can absorb.*Every goddamn mission has to end with a goddamn ""boss battle"" against a tank. And every tank (or vehicle) has a silly weak point that you need to hit twice before it goes down. Yes, we get it! We've been doing that since SE1!! What is the point of those tanks anyways if they can be taken out so easily?! Did the Germans deploy tanks when dealing with snipers in WW2?! Why not create something ""authentic"" a la Enemy at the Gates and make an amazingly scripted 1 on 1 sniper hunt? An enemy sniper who has the same tools and weapons as you and is patiently tracking you down as you track him. Naah! Let's just throw one more Panzer in there that can magically pick your sillhouette out in that one window of many windows out of the many different buildings and vantage points that are currently surrounding it. The mathematical line of sight check returned true after all and there's no gameplay tweaking that needs to be done here!! ;)So get it if on sale, avoid campaign mode, stick to multiplayer and coop, and try to cope with the bugs. There's still some fun to be had against human opponents!"
,Not Recommended,238090,28605741,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,[D]aedalist,"Not a very interesting story and a really short one too. Kinda clunky(lightposts have stupid hitboxes for example), AI is weird, only thing that makes it playable is the X-ray."
,Not Recommended,238090,28247792,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Good Morning,This Game Always crashed in startupI am very disappointed and i need refund from Steam cause this game so suck and so ♥♥♥♥ing stupid and developer never fixed the ♥♥♥♥ing crashed
76561198103089345,Recommended,238090,28017661,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Flirtatious Moose,Good but short. Would recommend.
,Recommended,238090,28361380,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,P. ENNIS,bought it for 3.5 usd recentlyfairly good game repeative xray kills lolco op is fun with friends 1vs1 multiplayer is boring less guns ....little story campaigns.7/10 (fun with friends)
,Recommended,238090,28437191,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Sajmonness,If You Stealth Only R.I.P
76561198091711403,Recommended,238090,28416846,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,ajdracek,sneaky nazi murder
,Recommended,238090,28134775,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,rena,The ragdolls are really funny and interesting.
76561198080069574,Recommended,238090,28106693,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,SnapUP,best game ever
,Recommended,238090,28265804,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,JerrailiciouS,Super duper worth Money
76561198079189395,Recommended,238090,28098559,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Otheym,"Solid Game, good strategy and options.This is my first game in this series but I like it!Little strange that so many of the sidearms don't have silencers but maybe I'm missing something...?Would have been nice if there were more gun customization options but that's a very minor neg.Some acheivements are goofy, EX - the long shot is in my opinion ridiculous.  I watched YouTube videos of people making these shots and they basically look like a blind fire shot from corner ot corner on a map that someone took the time to work out.Again, not a big deal but if you have an OCD side of yourself that likes 100% acheivement then be ready for some annoying reloading."
,Recommended,238090,28098706,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,themanfromtheUK,"Very good game, i owned it on PS3 aswell and decided to buy it on PC. Good game overall just wished there were a few more missions. And a play time over 12 Hours. 8/10"
,Recommended,238090,28089049,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Chilly,"""Basically World War Two...can't use iron sights though...9/10""-Chilly Tohodet 2016"
76561198054370002,Not Recommended,238090,27925684,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Spackman,This game is quite difficult to adapt to as a third person shooter as movement is terrible but other than that it is a great game.
,Not Recommended,238090,28133634,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,eksnajn,[eng] This game is an great idea but still game story is so much poor. You pass it without any satisfaction at the end.[pl] Pomysł na grę jest naprawdę świetny jednak fabuła gry jest naprawdę uboga. Przechodzisz ją bez żadnej satysfkacji na końcu.
,Recommended,238090,28258183,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,MY LITTLE FRIEND,This is one to grind it's super strategic the shot animation is incredible
,Recommended,238090,28260217,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Hosya X God,Cool!
,Recommended,238090,28315554,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,_D_,"Great game, lots of fun if you like a slower paced  campaign shooter. I like to take my time and take every level on with complete stealth in mind like I'm a real sniper.Co-op is great fun too with a friend.The graphics are very good, probably one of the better looking shooters I've played in a while.The only thing I cannot rave about this game is the crashes still happen often. I've been able to get through the entire campaign at least once but I'd say expect about 2-3 crashes during a normal 2-3 hour play period.If they could fix the crashing problems it would definitly be a 9.5/10 game for me."
,Recommended,238090,28310850,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,saaya,awesome graphicsfun gameplaycool mapsvery gorey and brutalits basically splinter cell + bulletstormreminds me of soldier of fortune 1+2 as well
76561198090098430,Recommended,238090,27996005,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Guzten2,Good game.
76561198083510254,Recommended,238090,27922972,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,The CatWisel,The series is just gold!Can't wait for the next game!
,Recommended,238090,27922848,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,JadenLizbeth,GOOD GAME
,Recommended,238090,27909921,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Soul ❤,"Just another great game to an amazing series, if you loved the first 2 you will throughly enjoy this game :) 10/10"
,Recommended,238090,27632951,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,EdwardoVA,"This game is very nice, it is mostly a singleplayer game though you can also interact and play with others online too. Sniper Elite 3 has a very well planned and nicely thought out storyline in alternate history WW2. I will rate this game 9.5/10."
76561197961557256,Recommended,238090,14718857,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Mr.Sad,Should be called Stealth Elite 3.  :)
,Recommended,238090,14397988,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Axezilla,Got spotted out by an inanimate object. Great.
76561197965856292,Recommended,238090,14362523,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,LTDave,Very nice game. Fun to play.  Good graphics.
,Recommended,238090,14438511,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,UND3ADTH3P3NGU1NL0RD,"I played four hours the first day and two the next. The graphics are stuinning, the gameplay is stunning, and the multiplayer is stunning. When I first played the multiplayer I felt like I was scarred at all times. It reminded me of playing Arma because of how big the maps are and the fear of getting shot by anyone, anywhere. I truly think that the multiplayer is like an MMO with how chilling it always feels. 420/69 ""harskop3rz r wit us""-ign"
76561197970293231,Recommended,238090,14438514,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Krodge,Welrod Elite.
,Recommended,238090,27782639,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,✪ Hi†man1337,best game ever
76561198079607892,Recommended,238090,33135980,Posted: 2 July,all,Im not Gay but money speaks,i like poping balls
,Recommended,238090,33128769,Posted: 2 July,all,jbN,"A fun game, havent finnished it yet but im having fun so far!"
,Recommended,238090,33129633,Posted: 2 July,all,Teges973,Great Games !!! Great Gameplay !!! Great Graphics !!!
,Recommended,238090,33113350,Posted: 1 July,all,El Primo Destr0,00
,Recommended,238090,33111531,Posted: 1 July,all,Glaice,That X-ray cam makes it worth it.
76561198008292245,Recommended,238090,33237173,Posted: 4 July,all,Gibberloggers,"The game is really fun and I do recommend, but the camera can be annoying at some times and the multiplayer sucks, but overall a really fun game!"
,Recommended,238090,33059280,Posted: 30 June,all,xassassin,great game
76561198103935032,Recommended,238090,33049977,Posted: 30 June,all,M3RCH3NDIS3,i just like hitman but in a ww2 setting.
,Recommended,238090,33054441,Posted: 30 June,all,Doge #FreeBrax,Adrenaline rushing sniping experience
,Recommended,238090,33055504,Posted: 30 June,all,A L I E N,"nejlepší hra EVER!! má to multiplayer, milion DLCéček, Singleplayer, nastavitelnou obtížnost, Prostě všechno!! pokud si myslíte že je tahle hra AWESOME SUPER ULTRA MEGA EPICKÁ ať dá like hře a tomuhle Commentu :DDD"
,Recommended,238090,33063455,Posted: 30 June,all,TNERT,"Bought this plus the season pass in the Steam Summer Sale, and no doubt more than worth, and definitely recommend to anyone who's a fan of stealth, war, shooter/sniper types of games in a 3rd person perspective.To add, thought over time I'd get sick of all the death cam kills, but nope, always entertaining."
,Recommended,238090,25972207,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,M’Lady,"I've gotten through the first three missions and feel that I've played enough to be able to give a solid review of this. In full disclosure, I have not played any other Sniper Elite games.Sniper Elite 3 is a single-player and multiplayer first-person shooter with incredible ballistics. You can even change how simple or realistic that you want them to be. The strategy that you use matters. For example, if you're too lazy to move the bodies of your victims, an enemy could see it and become alerted to your presence. You also have to relocate often if things don't go according to plan. Enemies are able to deduce where your shots are coming from if you're not careful.Having said that, the enemies seem pretty stupid (at least at the difficulty on which I configured them). They hear your walking around (without crouching) but they can't hear your crawling around. What sense does that make? They also won't hear you stab somebody two metres behind them.The game can be buggy sometimes. It is frustrating when the sniper won't fire. It's rare but it happens and you'll have to scoot over a few feet to get it to work. Or sometimes if you shoot for a perfect headshot, the bullet will completely miss despite the tactical assistant telling you that it will hit them. These are all minor issues that can be fixed and they shouldn't significantly affect your gameplay.Speaking of gameplay, the game seems a bit repetitive. There's not too much depth to it. It's still very much enjoyable, but it's not a game that you'll want to binge play for an entire day.If you're looking for a game with a good story, then you'll be disappointed. There's just enough story to make you feel like you're not just shooting arbitrary targets and that's it. The ""cut scenes"" are very elementary too.I have a few somewhat serious complaints though. None of the secondary weapons are overly useful. There are times in which stealthily killing all of the enemies is impractical—it would take way too much time and effort. You will have face-to-face combat. But the secondary weapons are hardly useful in such situations unless you manage some headshots. Additionally, if a bullet can enter the skull, travel through the brain matter, and exit the skull, then it should at least be able to do something to the chest. I'd shoot somebody in the chest and after stumbling for a second, they'll run off like nothing happened. If you physically got shot in the chest by a sniper, then you would almost certainly completely lose blood circulation or have a punctured lung. In neither situation would you be capable of running. But the enemies are capable of this.Though I enjoyed this game, I can't recommend paying full price for it. I don't feel that it's worth $49.99. $39.99 tops. Get it on sale and it will be money well-spent.As for DLC, I haven't played the additional missions yet, but you should definitely get the DLC with the Type 99, which, in my opinion, is the best rifle in the game.Lastly, use the rocks! The rocks are god and can get you out of tight situations or give you an advantageous opportunity."
76561198101051002,Recommended,238090,33007339,Posted: 29 June,all,Pupperino__,"Sniper Elite 3 has amazing graphics when running on ultra on a beastly gtx 1070. The sniper gameplay is very fun and hard at some points in the game. The stealth gameplay is on splinter cell levels. One bad part about this game is Mission 2 for nividia users, like my self. (i have a gtx 1070 8 gb ) Mission 2 is a very good mission, but on nividia graphics cards it crashes after like 20 minutes. Hopefully they fix this soon. I have had no crashing problems on the other missions, just Mission 2.Overall I would give Sniper Elite 3 a 7/10"
,Recommended,238090,33097226,Posted: 1 July,all,Brian O'Connor,Game Good
,Recommended,238090,33098494,Posted: 1 July,all,Womb Raider,I bought this the other day and I can guarantee I will be living in my own filth for the next few days whilst I play this game religiously. 12/10.
,Not Recommended,238090,33095077,Posted: 1 July,all,skorgu,"The ""Siwa Oasis"" level has a game-stopping bug. I liked the first few levels but being completely unable to advance in the campaign is a bit of a downer."
,Recommended,238090,33104857,Posted: 1 July,all,VITALINA,One of the best game !
,Recommended,238090,33247037,Posted: 4 July,all,Cedjoe,Awesome game
,Recommended,238090,33314148,Posted: 6 July,all,HONEY,nice game
,Recommended,238090,33303755,Posted: 6 July,all,-{VG}- iViscosity,eh
76561198105017102,Recommended,238090,33318734,Posted: 6 July,all,【V】KingOdin,I would say buy it if its less than €10 caus u get sick of it quit quikly.
76561198352513930,Recommended,238090,33311161,Posted: 6 July,all,I'm looking the bomb,Great action game
,Not Recommended,238090,33330181,Posted: 6 July,all,xktm25,"This three year old game has a common problem where no audio will play through speakers or headphones. How has it not been fixed yet? The game is fun so far, but the lack of audio just ruins it."
76561197992551861,Not Recommended,238090,33315991,Posted: 6 July,all,dwarrel,"Can play most games reasonably well on my i7 laptop with Nvidea graphics but this one is simply unplayable. Jutters like crazy, so uninstalled it after trying several times to get it better. Even when reducing the resolution to 1024x768 it was still very jumpy."
,Not Recommended,238090,33366749,Posted: 8 July,all,whereta,DLC Generator
76561198035026574,Recommended,238090,33385707,Posted: 8 July,all,leo,"This game is a blast. Not quite as polished as it could be, but nothing making my enjoyment of the game any less.First the (minor) critiques: Most of the glitches are purely cosmetic though some made me ""miss"" even though I was 100% on target. Some of the movement of your character could have been a bit more refined. Also I wasted several rounds of AP ammo on a target I was 100% sure I should be able to hit and it did nothing, only to find you could hit the target later in the level so it could trigger a cutscene.However, These grievances are very minute. The storymode is servicable and I enjoyed it. The missions make you feel like a super sniper, and the x-ray graphics on a kill are very entertaining. I really love the aim system and like in real life a smg is much more effective in short bursts as oppposed to holding the trigger down. Also hitting the long shots is extremely satisfying. The sound effects of the guns make the shots feel like they have some punch behind them, as it should in a game like this.All in all, I got my money's worth out of the game, and I have no qualms recommending this game to gamers who enjoy shooting a high powered rifle."
,Recommended,238090,33283977,Posted: 5 July,all,T.K.S,Never got to play it becuse it is poorly optimised and the aiming is terrible
,Recommended,238090,33344719,Posted: 7 July,all,LutfiD,this game was great i hope the gonna make a dlc free
,Recommended,238090,33463575,Posted: 11 July,all,Psilli,"Very fun game, as always. Better tuned and updated mechanics and I liked the ability to customize the rifles.The storyline was good but didn't really project a sense of urgency like it's predecessor did.A.I. felt somewhat worse than the previous game, but I got this  and the season pass for cheap over at Humble Bundle so I can't really complain.All in all, good game. Still satisfies my love of sniping. ;)"
,Not Recommended,238090,33482863,Posted: 12 July,all,Vanzle,Nice game WHEN IT DO NOT CRASH.. Have been trying to fix it for 5h so can't get a refund... so if you get this game and it crash before 2h.. REFUND IT!!
,Recommended,238090,31802585,Posted: 17 May,all,Cottonmouth,Cool game almost like darksouls 3 but shooters
,Not Recommended,238090,31529606,Posted: 3 May,all,Ivalaostia Pytriel,"Crashes are probably related to windows 10.I wasn't even able to run the game at beginning.With compability mode to win7 I'm able to play it, but keep having crashes at every 15-20 mins.Additionally game got weird bugs. Effects' rotation bugs are the worse (e.g. crushed skull pieces rotates with the head). Also sometimes you shoot enemies even your bullets passes 20-30cm away from their head/body. So it makes a funny visual instead of making an impressive one.Actually its a reaaally good game, with all level design and possible different approaches, I love it very much, but when you combine all those negatives, it just turns you down a little bit.Give it a shot at 4th game instead of this one, thats what the thumbs down for."
76561198338610673,Recommended,238090,31772180,Posted: 15 May,all,MANTUNEMBAHMAN,Mantap jiwa
,Recommended,238090,31735407,Posted: 13 May,all,Super Trump,"Needs more missions, but nothing else is wrong with it."
,Recommended,238090,31725290,Posted: 13 May,all,✪ GRK✪,"Sniper Elite III est un jeu de tir tactique développé par Rebellion Developments et édité par 505 Games, sorti en 2014 sur Windows, PlayStation 3, PlayStation 4, Xbox 360 et Xbox One. Il s'agit avec Sniper Elite 4 d'une préquelle de Sniper Elite V2.Le scénario de Sniper Elite III se déroule plusieurs années avant les événements de Sniper Elite V2, retraçant les exploits de l'officier de l'Office of Strategic Services arl Fairburne, qui participe au conflit Nord-Africain, durant la Seconde Guerre mondiale, où il apprend le secret du développement d'une « super-arme » par le Troisième Reich le projet du Landkreuzer P. 1000 Ratte.Scénario[modifier | modifier le code]Le scénario de Sniper Elite III se déroule entièrement pendant la campagne Nord-Africaine de la Seconde Guerre mondiale.En juin 1942, durant la bataille de Gazala, le tireur d'élite de l'Office of Strategic Services (ou OSS) Karl Fairburne est envoyé pour assassiner le Général allemand Franz Vahlen et découvrir son projet secret. Il prête alors main forte aux soldats britanniques afin de repousser les forces du Général Erwin Rommel. Cependant, le port de Tobrouk est malgré tout perdu et tombe aux mains des troupes du Reich le 21 juin 1942 et Rommel et nommé maréchal . Fairburne se rend à l'oasis du Lac Gaberoun , en Libye occupée, afin de subtiliser à plusieurs officiers des renseignements sur Vahlen. Il découvre un document révélant le nom du projet de Vahlen, le « projet Seuche » (Litt. « Projet Peste » en Allemand). Peu après, le Long Range Desert Group sollicite l'aide de Fairburne afin de détruire plusieurs 88 mm FlaK dans la passe d'Halfaya.Le seul espoir de localiser Vahlen semble résider dans le sauvetage d'un informateur britannique détenu au Fort Rifugio par les allemands. L'homme, nommé Brauer, indique à Fairburne que plusieurs officiers susceptibles de détenir la localisation de Vahlen sont réunis à l'oasis de Siwa, en Égypte occidentale. Fairburne, dont le talent au tir de sniper lui a valu le surnom de « Wüstengeist » (« L'esprit du désert » en Allemand) par les allemands, se faufile dans la ville et découvre que les officiers envisageaient de trahir Vahlen en donnant son journal intime à Hitler. En effet, Vahlen semble prévoir de supplanter le Führer à l'aide d'une super-arme. Fairburne assassine l'officier chargé de porter le journal à Berlin et subtilise la preuve, qui détaille les plans de Vahlen, consistant à conquérir l'Europe après la prochaine victoire de l'Afrika Korps en Afrique du Nord, depuis une base d'opération située quelque part dans le col de Kasserine.Fairburne et Brauer, qui se sont liés d'amitié, infiltrent la base et découvrent la bobine d'un film secret indiquant que le « projet Seuche » est en fait le nom de code d'un nouvel engin de guerre en production, la forteresse mobile « Ratte » (Semblable au Landkreuzer P. 1000 Ratte, dont les allemands ont véritablement créé des plans avant d'en abandonner le développement). Malheureusement, Brauer est abattu par un obus de char Tigre, que Fairburne finit par détruire. Ce dernier enterre le corps de Brauer et fuit la base. Il rejoint alors le Long Range Desert Group, et met en place un plan consistant à prendre d'assaut l'aérodrome du Pont du Fahs, aux côtés des britanniques, où il trouve une carte menant à l'emplacement de production des Rattes, qui est niché dans le canyon de Midès. Il pénètre seul à l'intérieur du complexe, et prépare des charges de démolition destinées à faire s'effondrer la base lorsqu'il prendra fuite. Fairburne place un explosif sur la tourelle du Ratte en production et fait tomber plusieurs obus dessus afin d'amplifier l'explosion. Vahlen est mortellement blessé tandis qu'il tente de s'enfuir du complexe, et Fairburne l'achève avant de s'enfuir.Fairburne, en voix-off, déclare à la fin du jeu que les renseignements qu'il a acquis sur le Ratte ont permis à l'USAAF et à la RAF de lancer la Bataille de la Ruhr dès mars 1945, et que les effets de l'Opération Chastise sur les ressources en acier des allemands ont forcé l'abandon des travaux sur le Ratte.Système de jeu[modifier | modifier le code]Sniper Elite III a été créé grâce au même moteur que l'opus précédent. Il en reprend ainsi un grand nombre de caractéristiques, bien que celles-ci aient été quelque peu améliorées. On constate ainsi l'ajout d'une mini-map, qui facilite le repérage spatial des ennemis. Toutefois, au contraire des deux premiers épisodes, Sniper Elite III se déroule en Afrique du Nord, et non plus en Allemagne.Le fusil de sniper est l'arme principale du joueur. Ce dernier se voit proposer une palette d'armes et d'accessoires différents, aux qualités et aux défauts distincts, au début de chaque mission. Ainsi, le joueur peut faire son choix en fonction de ses préférences de jeu, s'il préfère la discrétion ou l'offensive directe. En plus du fusil de sniper s'ajoutent une arme secondaire (fusil mitrailleur, panzerschreck ou lance roquette), un pistolet silencieux ou un colt ainsi que plusieurs accessoires tels que des trousses de soin, des grenades à main, des mines antipersonnel ou antichar, du TNT.Les fusils de snipers peuvent eux-mêmes être modifiés. Au fil de la progression du joueur, qui gagne de l'expérience (Exp) selon des facteurs d'élimination divers tels que la précision, ce dernier se voit débloquer plusieurs améliorations, modifiant les caractéristiques du fusil (Visée, recul, dégâts...). Une dizaine de réticules de viseur différentes sont également débloquées, permettant une personnalisation poussée de l'équipement choisi.Sniper Elite III propose quatre modes de jeu : Campagne, Multijoueur, Défis ou Stand de tir."
,Recommended,238090,32085318,Posted: 31 May,all,rashid_4ever,better than the last one
,Recommended,238090,32146215,Posted: 3 June,all,Pringles_Toast,"Game plays great, looks great. Gets a little repatative but I still had fun, Campaign is good."
76561198062767469,Recommended,238090,32130908,Posted: 2 June,all,Chipa Hellcase.com,it´s a very nice game
76561198117834906,Recommended,238090,32143640,Posted: 2 June,all,Nate,"I love this game series! I've played them all, and on many platforms. I purchased this for PC via Steam after already completing it on the PS4 because I'm addicted to the body-destruction kill-cam!"
76561198317749833,Recommended,238090,31482435,Posted: 1 May,all,pkverven,"Well the game is good but its not worth the full price. i would say it is worth 8 to 10 dollars. i heard it got some massive problems with crashing massive frame drops. i have not experienced those problems. only some minor problems with the AI, the ai is stuck in walls can be really stupid at times. the game was around 5 to 6 hours so its quite short."
,Recommended,238090,33164431,Posted: 2 July,all,ah144,Fun game!
76561198014607709,Not Recommended,238090,24089541,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,myFair,"The game itself is fun. Yet Rebellion just can't get it to work properly for Win10.For some it works, for quite a few - not.And they don't care.Way to go, Rebellion. Way to go."
,Recommended,238090,30147810,Posted: 24 February,all,(s.i.e),The game's open ended approach to stealth was very much appreciated but i sorta wish the AI enemies were smarter and showed more teamwork to pin down and neutralise their target.Despite some imperfections it was a fun playthrough though i'm looking forward to the next part in the series
76561198130940544,Recommended,238090,30144533,Posted: 24 February,all,Theblastingbrit,"Best Sniping series out there, and the bullet ballistics and damage animations are super satisfying! It's the only one in the series that I have played so I cant make any comparisons but the campaign is fun and you have no excuse to get bored of the campaign with the size of each level offered. If you can play it with friends even better, as its definitely more fun and tactical that way.It's not worth the full £40, especially after it being out for almost 3 years now, you might as well get sniper elite 4 for the same price. But if its in a sale and you have some time to sit down and enjoy a good co-op game, then give it a go!"
76561198037835235,Not Recommended,238090,30104329,Posted: 22 February,all,Shawn To High,♥♥♥♥♥♥ Game
76561197986916697,Recommended,238090,30159949,Posted: 24 February,all,Maximushski,"Story and dialog made me cringe, but it is great fun in coop."
76561198333908516,Recommended,238090,30158486,Posted: 24 February,all,mrspunman,Very good game.  Makes you think about what your next move.
,Not Recommended,238090,23937786,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Teddy,"This game is really, really disappointing. Buy v2 instead.Also: Crashes constantly when I attempt to quicksave with f5.Bullet trajectory is insane - it's like sniping on jupiter. Way too much bullet drop."
,Recommended,238090,18094909,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,MKXD,One of the best sniper games in my career
,Not Recommended,238090,30138938,Posted: 24 February,all,invictumhr,"game is great, but on my windows 10, i7, 16gb ram, gtx1060 it constantly crashes, so I must add negative until it's fixed. Game crashes randomly, and I think i'm now on 4th mission (second night mission) and in this mission it crashes about every 3-5 minutes. On previous missions it crashed less often, maybe once in 30 minutes.And one strange thing, on max details on my gtx1060, sniper elite 4 runs in constant 60fps, but sniper elite 3 is about 30-40 fps. So looks like game is not optimized for win10, or new GPU-s or something else is problem."
76561198324929919,Recommended,238090,31161488,Posted: 15 April,all,Ricky From Sunnyvale,ricky approves
76561198300849470,Recommended,238090,31164113,Posted: 15 April,all,Hentai clickbait GOD,good game. sniper elite 4 is better though
76561198189692219,Recommended,238090,25913837,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,tugberk52,"if u dont wait  much thing this game, u will be satisfied. BUT wait the discounts ofc."
,Recommended,238090,28439763,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,reginald linux,"Hits all the same notes as previous games which is a good thing. As satisfying as V2 but in a slightly different way. Planning, spotting, sniping and staying unseen. Good to see more crackpipe German WWII super weapons getting some love here."
76561198217843141,Recommended,238090,30002795,Posted: 18 February,all,DankMeme Lord,Quickscoping nazisI rated it 10/10
,Recommended,238090,30279675,Posted: 2 March,all,KAZ.NAUFAL20,grapich  : goodstory      : meha.i.         : f**king dumbgameplay : great (expecialy with x-ray kill)online interaction : meeeeehhhhhhhh7/10 worth to try
,Recommended,238090,21563380,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Flapbat,"I like sneaking off to kill Hilter. After all, he's not going to kill himself is he? Erm, oh wait...What I mean is I love fighting the Nazis. The airfield level in this game is just about everything I want from a WWII game, lots of sneaking about, high stakes, limited ammo, hardware to destroy, and nazis eveywhere.What is wrong with this game would be easy to fix. Just don't try so hard.Some of the maps are just so contrived it's more like playing crazy golf. All those handy secret tunnels providing shortcuts just arent what you want. The point of a game like this is you feel like it's hard, dangerous work, and only you have the resolve to do it.The other big thing that's wrong with this game is the main character, Mr Gravel Voiced 2D Soldier. It's such utter ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t that he has to be so rock hard, serious, spouting cliches that John Carpenter would have dissmissed as old back in 1982. Why can't he be a effete Southern Baptist? Or a lisping Swede with chronic acne? Come on, things can be more nuanced these days, right? He could sit in his nest and write an anit-war poem. Some soldiers do that.The grizzly slo-mo lessons in anatomy you get with every snipe are fun once or twice. Then they get a bit boring. The fact that there's an unloackable achievement for shooting someone in the nards from over 100 meters tells you everything you need to know about where this game went wrong. Getting out alive should be the achievment, not destroying german gonads.This game is just about good enough, though not worth paying full price for. Bring back Hidden & Dangerous."
,Recommended,238090,29703529,Posted: 4 February,all,Grizzly Coward,Better than Sniper Ghost Warrior 2.
,Recommended,238090,30797471,Posted: 28 March,all,Captainoplant,"Crash on startup...**Update**Nvidia realeased a new graphic driver, so now it works. Also verify the game cache after the new update. And it works, Overall a great game!"
,Not Recommended,238090,28785119,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,TheAlfaCode,Crashes liike HELL.I can't play..Crashes while playing about 8 times out of 10.GAMING EXPERIENCE == TOTAL SH*T !
,Recommended,238090,31354744,Posted: 25 April,all,Zaadlob,"Great game, only con is that the campain is done really quickly. Within 12 hours of play time I finished the whole campain. Howerver great game, would like to see more of berlin-like missions. I personally dont like Afrika too much for this game."
76561197997096380,Not Recommended,238090,29913970,Posted: 13 February,all,Eggsnbakon,"Was bored of it in under 2 hours. Then again I'm not much for console port style games. I was hoping the coop would be more enjoyable as well as my friend bailed before I did. I'm sure there are a lot of people that like it, it just didn't do anything for me."
,Recommended,238090,10870880,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,BillyTheKid,"I love it and on sale with the season pass a great price for a good game with lots of levels. Multiplayer coop worked well the times I played it. This company continued to release patches on a regular schedule slowly fixing and removing frustrations for the most part a great effort creating a great sniper simulation cheers. The wind meter is best not trusted all the time and shoot one to see the track and then kill them ♥♥♥♥ing all. This is my favorite shooter game so far and I have played most sniper games. Would be even better with a peak, lean and roll like old classic delta forces etc."
,Not Recommended,238090,31474552,Posted: 30 April,all,Susse,"Not worth it right now, crashes all the time,"
,Not Recommended,238090,31494902,Posted: 1 May,all,Varg Longhammer,"another person reporting runtime errors. Really enjoyed the hour of what I played in co-op, but I couldn't recommend sadly :("
,Recommended,238090,31482969,Posted: 1 May,all,Primal,"A very good game with good graphics. Campaing is simple and, well... good. Multiplayer is cool. I haven't tried the co-op yet, but I think it'll be good too. I had a little problem with the start up when I bought it, but now it's running perfectly.Shortly, what I want to say is... GIT GUT :D"
76561198378121981,Recommended,238090,31484508,Posted: 1 May,all,LuciPeBuletin,It's a very nice game who read this should buy it
76561198157306350,Recommended,238090,31483078,Posted: 1 May,all,Connor McGregor (╭☞♥◞ ♥)╭☞,"A good sniper simulator if you want to take a break from the dangers of wildlife while carrying out your mission (Farcry 4). This game is simply good for me as it rewards me with an x ray kill cam for shots fired using a sniper rifle which never gets old for me. I would definitely recommend this game on sale for anyone who wishes to test their true war strategy skills in authentic difficulty mode (no saving allowed during a mission and restart from beginning upon death).The map size might not be as big as some might want it to be a bigger and open world like, but it is enough for me. If you are not a hardcore fps shooter lover (Metal Gear Solid Phantom Pain player) then this game is for you."
76561198100632025,Recommended,238090,31496885,Posted: 1 May,all,ATCHAFALAYA HATAK,I am running this game on windows 10 w/ a nvidia graphics card and im having no issues at all. I got 60 fps and no crashes. So far the only glitches that I have encountered is sometimes when you create a lobby to play with a friend it will kick you out. That however can be fixed by revalidating. Also another glitch is when you die in game the game will crash. Ever since i revalidated after that happened when i first installed the game it never happened again. From my experience so far a majority of the negative reviews for this game are completely false.
76561197997777601,Recommended,238090,31496896,Posted: 1 May,all,billy098,"the game is freezing  up alot, cool game tho have it for the x box 360"
,Recommended,238090,31496667,Posted: 1 May,all,QuickSilver999x,Love the game but it KEEPS CRASHING!!!!
,Recommended,238090,30888720,Posted: 1 April,all,Miritek,"--- NEW REVIEW ---Nvidia has released a fix with newest driver 381.89Now that the game is playable again I can recommend this game. I have enjoyed my less than 8 hours of gameplay and look forward to completing it.--- OLD REVIEW ---""DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!Bottom line, game crashes, they blame Nvidia. No fix on the horizon.WARNING. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME.Review will change once a fix is issued."""
,Not Recommended,238090,31441425,Posted: 29 April,all,Storm Funsoms,"game crashes due toe nvidia error or something. wont recommend this game untill it gets fixed, even then, i'm starting to lose respect for these games when you take a look at the dlc's. none of them enhances the experiance, and 1 mission is cut to 3 parts for just as expensive. play the 2nd one instead, or the 1st one"
,Recommended,238090,28922895,Posted: 1 January,all,GO-RIC,Very good for playing
,Recommended,238090,28926988,Posted: 1 January,all,[G-MAN2][bodenebas]Billy Maize,very fun and educational
,Recommended,238090,28963008,Posted: 2 January,all,TheRealWeeden,"I first played this during a free weekend and really enjoyed it but I wasnt ready to make the purchase. After playing a few of the newer fps campaigns I realized that I enjoyed this game alot more than I originally thought so I decided to buy it while on sale.The campaing does seem to get a tad repetative as you progress through the different stages. Its alot of stalking and long range sniping. The kill cam does a good job of keeping it interesting though in my opinion.  Also, the gun customizations do not seem to have a major impact on performance."
76561198203272029,Recommended,238090,28938622,Posted: 2 January,all,oldtypeperson,better than two but I still like them both
76561198088744460,Recommended,238090,28965012,Posted: 2 January,all,dharvey1999,"Love this game - It's a good combination of stealth and action. Plus, shooting Nazis is always a bonus! The levels are truly huge and open-world-like, allowing you to go at your own pace and use your own tactics and routes to complete the tasks. Sniper Elite V2 is one of my favorites, and this one doesn't dissapoint either."
,Recommended,238090,28968052,Posted: 2 January,all,heartache,#good game sniper
76561198346950706,Recommended,238090,29221330,Posted: 13 January,all,Dragon_War,An Aweosme game to increase the gaming abilitty specailly in multiplayer..bans the hackers who hack n play ...
76561198074701001,Recommended,238090,29241573,Posted: 13 January,all,Noremac_,"A fantastic game that is superior in everyway to its counterparts, Graphics are a little dated but still look more than good.Gameplay is fantastic and pretty challenging if you set it to the hard difficulties. (normal is way to easy, please chose hard)!Multiplayer is nothing really but there is a decent horde style mode that you can get a few hours out of.Overall, this game is great. And deserves all the attention it can get. 9/10!"
,Recommended,238090,29240742,Posted: 13 January,all,Moonbear,"Killing nazis is always fun, especially in slo-mo, but it gets old eventually. Single player campaign is ok, but rather short. Multiplayer is filled with 40, 50 and even 60 years old profis, who spent 1000+ hours in this game and can kill you being blindfolded."
76561198175333369,Recommended,238090,14380951,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Koohwhip,Didn't feel like call of duty 3/10
76561197963297235,Not Recommended,238090,29205722,Posted: 12 January,all,Graaspurv,"Too easy, even on the hardest difficulty. NPC's walk around their dead comrades if you run but 50 meters away.."
,Recommended,238090,29168905,Posted: 10 January,all,Peq,"I picked up this game from sale and i have to say that i got my money's worth on this game. Graphics are good and the missions are fun to play with all the assists off, but it has same issue as the last game. The story mode is just too short for me. It has more weapons and equipment than the previous game and the weapons can be modified.Its always fun to look for hidden objects and sniper nests, but i hoped for more content.If you like to play as a sniper this game probably suits you very well. 8/10"
,Recommended,238090,29327986,Posted: 17 January,all,batmanthegamer67,its a good game XD XD
,Recommended,238090,30980102,Posted: 6 April,all,CharlesD007,The slo-mo of my bullets shattering Nazi's testicles is what gives me the energy to wake up in the morning.
,Not Recommended,238090,29105684,Posted: 7 January,all,5Andysalive,"There is a genuine game stopper bug in this game, that hasn't been fixed in over 2 years....Apparently if you replay the mission (bug at the very end of it of course)  and don't use several gameplay features (which the game all the time tells you to use) you can tiptoe around the bug if you know about it.  Same problem for people since 2014. Great support.Shame really, in an otherwise very good game, but better not buy it. Or in a sale. Because its also rather on the short side of things.Another, pretty much unforgivable, problem: If you shoot close to or just next to a wall, like past a corner,  even with a clear(!) line of sight and aiming, often you hit the wall instead of the target. Thats ok in Skyrim but not in a Sniper game. You can avoid it by standing clear of it but then you're more in the open."
,Recommended,238090,29224382,Posted: 13 January,all,Purple,X-RAY TESTICLE SHOTenough said
76561198198707828,Recommended,238090,29385043,Posted: 20 January,all,JuUsBoY,"its a nice game but,it could be a lot of more missions!"
,Recommended,238090,29308539,Posted: 16 January,all,nathan.nadasi,Can't recomend this game enough
,Recommended,238090,29292022,Posted: 16 January,all,Turtle,Really Really Really AWESOME!but really expensive too..
76561198022263345,Recommended,238090,30066247,Posted: 20 February,all,3vil Hom3r,"Great game, albeit very short. Luckily the playability and AI is adjustable, so numerous playthroughs keeps the game fun!Pros: great graphics, adjustable AI, lots of different ways to approach gameplay.Cons: short storyline, some clipping issues"
,Recommended,238090,20619861,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,SonnyBear,"10/10Shoot Hitler in the balls, Kill lots of Germans.Not much else to say. Great game!Picked it up for 17 bucks on sale, with all dlc!Fun to play on co op with friends."
,Not Recommended,238090,30113855,Posted: 22 February,all,Gunslinging Ginger,cant even launch the game... why the ♥♥♥♥ did i pay 50 dollars for this crap
,Recommended,238090,30048232,Posted: 19 February,all,Bilbo_Swaggins hellcase.com,"I personally really enjoy the Sniper Elite franchise, I played the second one on my brothers pc a little lol, but my favorite thing is watching the bullet travel through the enemies body. That is extremely cool to me, and it is something that I never realized I wanted. I wanted more realism in a shooter, and watching exactly where your bullet ends up in someone is perfect for me. Of course the game has great graphics too, it has realistic, great gameplay, and holds up for being a few years old. Buy it if you want a realistic, fun, and challenging shooter!"
,Recommended,238090,29948062,Posted: 15 February,all,Bob farmskins.com  CS.money,"A really good game :) Absolutely worth buying, I also bought a season pass and the DLCs are kinda cool. I would recommend this game to everyone!"
76561198247465438,Recommended,238090,30041027,Posted: 19 February,all,Jhon Maleficu',Is good
,Recommended,238090,30036606,Posted: 19 February,all,Keim,"Okay so first things first, THIS GAME IS AMAZING, but the problem with it is that, if you have Windows 10, the game works fine for about 20-30 minutes and then the frames drop and a few seconds later, it crashes. I have the more then nessesary specs to run this game at it's highest settings (Nvidia GeForce GTX 950, AMD FX(tm)-8320 Eight-Core Processor, 7.98 GB RAM, and a 1920 x 1080, 60Hz moniter).I tuned down the settings and it does the same thing over again. If any of you have ANY ideas to fix it, message me PLEASE But until then, I can't recommend this game to Windows 10 users, but because this game is great otherwise, I recommend it to Windows 7/8 users. PLEASE SUGGEST FIXES TO ME OR ON A COMMON GENERAL DISSCUSSION.Ps: I did in fact look up ways to fix it but, none of them seemed to work. :("
,Recommended,238090,29988554,Posted: 17 February,all,The Explodinator,"This is an amazing game with great community. if anyone reads this i am looking for a friend to play co-op with. Plz friend and msg me.Anyway, great visuals, little lag, amazing detail, SLOW-MO BULLET CAMERA!!!!!! 10/10 would pay double the price!"
76561198107880542,Recommended,238090,29939004,Posted: 15 February,all,Mr Archer,-Shot Hitler in his one ball-5/7 would play again
76561198014327976,Not Recommended,238090,29880198,Posted: 12 February,all,TomcatMVD,"This is an appalling piece of software. While the game has its enjoyable bits, it all comes crashing down the second some stupid game design decision gets in the way, like an enemy instantly hearing you dropping down from a ledge because there is no way to climb down without jumping. Worse of all though, the constant crashes that will haunt your every game session."
76561198037252428,Not Recommended,238090,30086874,Posted: 21 February,all,shadowunderthesun,The game is unplayable. There are so many crashes I have not been able to play for longer than 10 minutes at a time.
76561198008754590,Not Recommended,238090,30100531,Posted: 22 February,all,austin_powers,"This game is an interseting premis but at best it is in Beta A state.  You will get 2 hours of play without a hitch so Steam and Rebellion games can keep your money according to their ""policy"" but as you Try to progress It gets worse and worse, I am averaging 7 to 10 game freezes per hour, and have to redoo so many sections start playing like Rambo intead of Sniper Tactics.  Not my machine as I play Primal , All manner of Flight Simulators , All the Far Cry series with no Problems!  Can only imagine what Sniper elite 4 is like!  Youve been warned!!!"
,Recommended,238090,30099754,Posted: 22 February,all,dreamofphil.,"лучшая стелс игра, ну вышла уже новая :)"
,Not Recommended,238090,30095785,Posted: 22 February,all,Zodiac011,"Runs well, looks pretty good and the gameplay is good but multiplayer is dead and the campaign is one of the glitchiest/buggiest games i've ever played, I crouch and sneak passed a truck that already went passed, the guy on the turret was looking in the opposite direction and he still sore me, it happened about 10 times, it doesn't make sense, not too mention the fact that the levels are way too long and it's full of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t deaths and is just annoying, Sniper Elite 2 was great, short, but great because it actually worked, get 2 or the Zombie Army Trilogy, not this, i'm yet to try 4 and i haven't touched 1 as its so old i probably won't be able to last, hopefully 4 isn't as buggy as this, i want to try it but if it's anything like this one i'm ditching the series"
76561198027613833,Not Recommended,238090,30084087,Posted: 21 February,all,|JTF| I see dead people,"Great game, but I'm not gonna take the time to explain what's so great about it. Gamebreaking freezing/crashing."
,Recommended,238090,30076036,Posted: 21 February,all,bGs,I don't know why ... but I'm getting bored fast when playing SE3 ... maybe I'm not built to be a Sniper :PBut the game is great !8/10 !
76561198278632478,Recommended,238090,29989555,Posted: 17 February,all,Enaz,"Great game, short campaign"
,Recommended,238090,29541607,Posted: 28 January,all,Lee,150 meters testicles shot.9/10
,Recommended,238090,29503314,Posted: 26 January,all,Kattrup,Great sniper/stealth game. Love the mechanics and the killshots! 10/10 - would hunt hitler and his guys again
76561198049183091,Recommended,238090,29422736,Posted: 22 January,all,CanisLupus4285,"A fantastic sniping shooter with very customisable difficulty too - there's two different scales of difficulty (one for the enemy AI and one for your actual sniping mechanics), and the actual sniping is incredibly satisfying, particularly with the bullet cam."
,Recommended,238090,29489339,Posted: 25 January,all,PeteL0af,"Superb! A hugely entertaining and satisfying stealth shooter, even more so in co-op. Vastly improving on all elements of Sniper Elite v2Pros:- Huge, varied, lengthy, interactive, challenging levels- Achievements are fun to earn- Genuine improvements in every way from its predecessorCons:- No real story (not necessarily a con)- Enemy AI can be ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥- It ended"
76561198016750038,Recommended,238090,29890009,Posted: 12 February,all,Arty,"Crash Simulator 3Enjoy playing this game a lot when it works. The levels are well designed and the AI is balanced pretty well between being annoyingly attentive and being plain blind to your presence. Ive only been playing on the normal difficulty and its quite difficult to get killed by the enemy, you do need a bit of patience to play this game. Waiting for the perfect timings to take your shots and not be detected. You can go in guns blazing if you like but you will most likely find yourself quickly overcome.In my expierience this game crashes FREQUENTLYIt almost recieves a thumbs down for this, Its frustrating when it crashes and you lose your saves, so save often.Bought it on sale so cant complain too much, has made me want to play 4 when it comes out."
,Recommended,238090,29883866,Posted: 12 February,all,sethbro12,lol made me quick scope whole family 9/11 rating
76561197980444148,Recommended,238090,14398803,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,[cc] Enigma,"I have been playing this game for over  a year now, Even though it does leave a bit to be desired when it comes to acces to areas of the maps, it is a very good 3RD PRESON SHOOTER. I wish they would increase the number of maps and make areas that are not accessable, accessable,  that would add alot to the game. Detail is great and am looking forward to the next installement, SE4, I would also like to see them allow for admins on maps, in multiplayer,  to control Jerks who just want to disrupt game play. If you do purchase this game i recomend going to youtube and watching the videos available about the challenges in the Single person game. I do enjoy the coop version also. You can show other people about the challenges during game play."
76561198146560663,Recommended,238090,31075622,Posted: 11 April,all,不坑不坑 虚灵大根,good
76561198328175089,Recommended,238090,25983912,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,VOLKKR,a nice game but it is realy repeatative sometimes and the gameplay almost force u to craw all alround the map if u dont what to get spotted which can cause a slow game play. the multiplayer part of the game is what makes it up a little bit but i have to say that there are hardly anyone playing online now. and this sucks some times.
,Recommended,238090,25911574,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Comrade Pug,You can shoot a Nazi in the balls10/10
76561198056683874,Recommended,238090,28121099,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,SirButtz,Is it ever not fun firing chunks of lead through various internal Nazi organs? I don't know how about you ask my three day old erection.
,Not Recommended,238090,31168956,Posted: 15 April,all,PWNAMATRON,Enjoyed the game but it has been crashing every time I try and start it for weeks now.  Can't reccommend when it doesn't work.
,Recommended,238090,27624062,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,♥ Calista ♥,tentacle shots :D
,Not Recommended,238090,31502499,Posted: 2 May,all,TheRorschach,It's nice to just shoot with the sniper but the rest is all like♥♥♥♥♥♥ especially the story.
76561198303780836,Recommended,238090,31577600,Posted: 6 May,all,Munchie skinhub.com,this is one of the best games of the series and i really enjoyed playing it
,Not Recommended,238090,31595506,Posted: 6 May,all,Odus*,"Well, unlike most of these negative reviews for the game my game actually works, and you aren't missing anything.I have beaten 150 games in the past few months, just going through my steam list, and there are about 20 in total that I cannot bring myself to finish. This is one of them unfortunately.This game deviates much from sniper elite 2, where it turns into more of a 3rd person shooter than your traditional stealth sniping game you've come to know.Let me begin by saying these aiming controls are not very good, mouse acceleration is in full effect here, no matter what you do, and this is typically a big no no in shooting games. This makes it very difficult even with the percision of a mouse to kill an enemy without pumping him full of 10 or so rounds.The issue here is that once you do kill an enemy about 10 more know where you are and advance on you, and the enemies in this game are VERY keen. TOO keen. They know where you are if you just so happen to put a pinky toe in their periphery. Let me say, I do enjoy the relocation function, and the 62 minutes i did spend on this game did have me consider continuing many times, which I may still do, alas, there are roughly 20 other games that I have left that require my attention and I feel as though 8 more hours of this type of game play is not something I am interested in doing at this time.Keep in mind, I did complete sniper elite 2, once alone and once with a friend, and most of sniper elite 1 (even though you feel like you're ice skating.)Let me also say that yes, while the xray kills are entertaining, it does simply become an old tired gimmick. Unfortunately I cannot recommend this one unless you are a die hard fan of sniper elite and can trudge through about 45 minutes of gameplay between gems (actual sniping and fun) which is what i imagine this is all about.overall, I dislike giving games a number score, but this is a 5/10, TL;DR  its generic in a way and its gimmick gets old fast. You will find yourself not sniping more often than sniping and running to relocate while ignoring enemies (since there is a vast number of them) in order to find new cover. The mouse acceleration is a big issue and makes aiming a chore I do understand there is an empty lung function, but with the running you're doing good luck with that, and the pay off is that you just get more enemies to bombard your position since your sniper rifle is the loudest thing that man has ever created.If i come back to this one and possibly lower my DPI on my mouse and give it another real go and complete the majority(or all) of the game I will also come back to this review and update it/change it. This is a first impression over the course of 3 separate tries (20 minutes to finish the 1st level, which is the tutorial/first mission and 40 minutes on the second mission.)I know it isn't much time, and I understand that, but for a casual gamer that doesn't have much time, youll be hitting F6 more than you care to, and if you forget, may the lord have mercy on you."
76561198196341969,Recommended,238090,32274641,Posted: 8 June,all,Brp_Unity,Good
76561198036061187,Recommended,238090,32356938,Posted: 11 June,all,Sir EEKS the 1st,"Sniper 3 was my introduction into the franchise and by Crom!, I have found my sniping skills, spot on while killing Nazis! I personally think anyone that enjoys killing nazis as much as I do, concurs with me. Although taking scalps isn't implemented yet for this franchise, I do wish upon Talos the developers make this happen captain. The best part about this game is watching brain nuggets explode in beautiful sight, testicles pop like rice crispies, and eyeballs vaporized! That's about all I have for you and I'm betting I sold you on the idea of buying this masterpiece of a game! I love this game, it touches my real squishy feelings, and I give this game a 10/10! Trust me, your buying the holy of holies!"
76561198064153655,Recommended,238090,32308643,Posted: 9 June,all,KarliN,"Oh my god! What an amazing journey! Shame it was so short!+) The battle was amazing, especially the indoor encounters. How you have to find the visible area, knee, ankle, butt, shoot him once and when he falls down find another visible point. It was GREAT! I loved it!+) Aiming was fun. It keeps moving as if you're actually aiming yourself and that gives a little challenge to shooting your enemies. Makes the whole battle much more thrilling. The grade of it goes lower as the difficulty gets lower.+) I love the main theme song. It's just gold. Hahahaha.+) The story, missions were all amazing.+) Having secondary objectives made each missions more fun.+) Sufficient supplies. First it's hard to find them but once you realize how they look like and where they usually are it becomes easy to find them. You can also get'em from dead enemies so it's all good.-) It was tremendously fun but it was shame because the gameplay was so short. I wish I had at least 3 more missions. Hahahaha shame!! Arrrgh! Hahahaha.-) In stairs and on the edges even though you see your enemies clearly through your scope, when you shoot your bullets gets blocked by the ledges."
76561198017477295,Recommended,238090,12151883,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,mikedwix,"HI COULDN;T BELEAVE IT, WOT A fantastic game. looking forward to sniper elite 4."
,Recommended,238090,24442384,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Stefan,10/10
,Recommended,238090,15749733,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,MKSchmidt,"Sniper Elite III is great fun.  I was actually introduced to the series through Sniper Elite II: Nazi Zombie Army, which was fantastic.  I enjoyed the game-play so much, I decided to try III.  So far it's really nice.  The game mechanics are very fine tuned and easy to learn.  The scenery is beautiful.  The bad guys are Nazis, so ... you know ... they have to be stopped.My only problem with the game is the weapons.  Don't get me wrong, the weapons are great, but I'm sort of used to games where you get newer and cooler weapons every once in a while.  In this game, you do get some new weapon options on each level, but honestly, I can't tell the difference between one sniper rifle and another.I haven't finished playing through the campaign yet, I will probably get the itch to play it again soon."
76561198230228720,Recommended,238090,30825622,Posted: 29 March,all,Tonix,"I had to modify my review after crash problems' been fixed.Before them, the game was pratically unplayable because of the very frequent crashes (the game stopped even every minute) but now the situation is fortunately changed...only few crashes sometimes interrupt the game, but it remains playable without any problems.Do as more kill cams as you can...enjoy the game!"
,Recommended,238090,32760444,Posted: 25 June,all,gir,"Fun af on the online coop mode with a friend, its full campaign coop I love it!"
76561198135984130,Recommended,238090,18274206,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,aveline,blow your enemy car simulator .10/10
,Recommended,238090,11143788,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,doug,"Just a hell of a game, nice balistics, nice AI, awesome X-Ray headshots. I also liked the new weapon customization feature. It's not like a ton of customizations, but it does fine for the game."
76561198302324557,Recommended,238090,32868964,Posted: 27 June,all,MaTMaker ツ   |  hellcase.com,Very good game. :)
76561198120002082,Recommended,238090,32870503,Posted: 27 June,all,HALLO,Not Bad.
76561198110941136,Recommended,238090,32835564,Posted: 26 June,all,NerfBat,"Shhhh, be vewy, vewy quiet - I'm hunting wabbits. Eheheheheh"
,Recommended,238090,32877125,Posted: 27 June,all,Quinneth,I like :)
76561198019433240,Not Recommended,238090,32824907,Posted: 26 June,all,Turnon,"Mechanically improved from previous instance (Sniper Elite V2), with a wider variety of weapons. But suffering from lack of ways to mask shots, and most of all, a massive bug that causes all explosions to happen again after quick/loading, which may cause injuries, death and failed missions.I just regret I noticed it after playing for 10 hours, because I would gladly return this game."
76561198214867697,Recommended,238090,32984438,Posted: 29 June,all,Orgazmatron420,great game looking forward to number 4
,Recommended,238090,32981285,Posted: 29 June,all,ET_Strider,"All you expect from a Sniper Elite gameThis is a great stealth game with a lot of possible ways to do your job. Also I love the whole Sniper Elite faranchise, mostly because of the awesome killcam."
,Recommended,238090,33160232,Posted: 2 July,all,LordChillWill,Definitely worth the price when on sale.
76561198366989220,Recommended,238090,33163703,Posted: 2 July,all,iamchappie03,This game is fun. End of story. (its nice to snipe people in the balls)
76561197967231233,Recommended,238090,33473291,Posted: 12 July,all,krackkomik,Very fun Single player.
,Recommended,238090,33473298,Posted: 12 July,all,bmac2021,Love the single player!
,Not Recommended,238090,33481525,Posted: 12 July,all,MGX88,Buggy. Fix the bugs and This game is great.
76561197992214386,Not Recommended,238090,33668902,Posted: 20 July,all,Troboba,"(+)To be fair, the map design in this game is very good. You have wide open maps with different paths you can go and the design is beautiful. Furthermore, the stealth system in this game works perfect.(-)But there a fundamental flaws I have to talk about:-Playtime: I've completed the campaign in 5 hours (medium difficulty).-Story: In fact there is effectively no story and the few story elements are ridiculous (especially the ""final boss"")-Stability: SE 3 still doesn't run 100% stable with Win10 and latest drivers. During my 5 hours playtime the game crashed once.(=)As a single player, I can't recommend this game for its current price. Wait unitl it is at least 80% off."
,Recommended,238090,33767763,Posted: 24 July,all,magnetron,"ultra realistic, but ai is just so dumb sometimes.after engaging with the whole company, they can go back to normal patrolling and pretend nothing happened."
,Recommended,238090,29172094,Posted: 10 January,all,CynicMimic,"It's a bit like a point-and-click adventure, except everytime you click on someone their head explodes."
,Recommended,238090,33740322,Posted: 23 July,all,Plato ッ,aiming on their balls just for the x-rays
76561198073618816,Not Recommended,238090,33708110,Posted: 21 July,all,ShamanIsHere,"Cannot recomend because of following reasons:Playing in a co-op mode we had a difficulty even with launching the game...Bugs are so severe that finishing a mission is often impossible.Reaching the point on the map that should advance the mission has no effect.Loading the last checkpoint is also impossible because one of us gets disconnected and the mission results in a failure. So we have to restart a whole mission. And to be clear, it's not one in a hundred scenario. It's 9 out of 10 cases. In fact, when we miraculusly manage to load a checkpoint we laugh that something probably went wrong with the game...Testers did a really good job, no doubt. If they hired testers.You may think that maybe the developer is not aware, but it has been reported many times. Years ago...So the developer knew about these game breaking issues.The developer had years to come up with a solution.What did they do instead? Paid DLC's and a new game...Welcome to the real world.Above proves that the developer is sloppy and disrespectful towards customers.So let it be a warning to you, fellow gamers and a middle finger of justice towards the developer."
,Recommended,238090,33730439,Posted: 22 July,all,Gamemaniac,"What happens when you make a game that has X-ray kills?You get me, a man who completed the WHOLE campaign shooting ONLY balls.AT the end, my sniping was so sharp I could 360 quickscope ball.shot Nazis.Now this has been, is and will be used over and over and over again, BUT:they did nazi that coming."
,Recommended,238090,33734756,Posted: 22 July,all,✅3xpl0its,8/10
76561198121372284,Recommended,238090,33734649,Posted: 22 July,all,Falcrush,"Pretty awesome for the first about 3/4 of the game. Once you get near the end, it just gets to be the same mission over and over and over again. The mechanics are awesome, and the slow-mo sniping makes you feel like a friggen boss. Near the end though, it's not even worth it to go in and try to be sneaky. After the first 4 or 5 missions, you get good enough to snipe continuously while moving, and the sneakiness feels repititive anyway. Story is garbage, sound is awesome, game mechanics are awesome, 3rd person is awesome. That about wraps it up. Think I got it for around 10 bucks on steam sale, so I got a good 20 hours out of it. Now I'm bored."
,Recommended,238090,33735994,Posted: 22 July,all,Rook,"A bit rough around the edges at times. Improved stealth mechanics from V2, but still nothing too special. Many weapons have far too much bullet drop (M1 Garand specifically). But, it's still a fun game that I can recommend. Levels are much less linear than V2. Not nearly as many scripted events, either. You can fire off a shot or two, and then relocate without the entire enemy forces knowing where you are. Not perfect, but still very fun."
76561198144519041,Recommended,238090,33720717,Posted: 22 July,all,ZAGOR247(CRO),Great game.
76561198340674100,Recommended,238090,33707789,Posted: 21 July,all,Endorphins,I like the multiplayer.
76561198271869071,Recommended,238090,33773286,Posted: 24 July,all,The Breadinator,reasons to buy this game shooting Nazis in the♥♥♥♥♥♥with a sniper rifle
76561198115964910,Recommended,238090,33806515,Posted: 26 July,all,JᐃCK WIZAЯD,"Welrod is a bit op and i do agree that on first playthrouth it dose feel like you spend alot of the game not actully snipeing due to having limited and set areas to mask gun shots .When you know the parts of the game that are more snipe based you can just replay them for the pure enjoyment of the snipeing gameplay SE3 has to offer.On first playthrough i didnt understand why the snipeing felt so limited due to reason mentioned earlier.Also wasnt a big fan of the way the relocation feature worked as your litrally forced to move 50 m away from your known location which just dosnt work if your in a odd spot of a level.The gameplay is sick and and wouldnt of minded  2 - 3 more levels as i finished it in 15 hours with honestly struggles and sertant parts and was suprised when i hit the end credits thinking i was at the middle of the game due to complited percent being at 50% not realiseing it also ment collectables found KAPPA.X Ray mode never gets old,picked up the game for £5 in steam sale never looking back boys"
76561198020221957,Not Recommended,238090,33809912,Posted: 26 July,all,PC master race,"Short, not interesting and the DLC is a piece of dog sh$t."
,Recommended,238090,33530932,Posted: 14 July,all,☆Th0t_Patrol☆,"Okay,, this game is not all bad, but maps should be larger and better made, i mean cmon, it doesnt make u feel like a sniper using welrod all the time, there should be more nest to snipe and sounds to mask your shots, game would feel alot more replayable if we had such maps. Other than that, theres this annoying bug where u end up hitting ur cover instead of where you're aiming, its extremely annoying. The AI could be smarter aswell, if they heard the shot they should do something to alert others, what instead they do is handling enemy single-handed without alerting others if they(enemies) start to shoot (unless they are really close to their allies), but if u if they heard ur gunshot, they gonna rush you at the speeds you never seen before (like they were practising blitzkrieg or something), not to mention they couldnt give a ♥♥♥♥ about dead bodies, honestly, who the ♥♥♥♥ cares ?. i wished there were random objectives each time you play the same mission. How would i describe this game? well its like splinter cell, but alot of features of that are gone, instead you get immersive sniper experience"
76561198129319679,Recommended,238090,33930717,Posted: 31 July,all,wasimohee,"Sniper Elite 3 is a solid, if more accessible, entry to the Sniper Elite series, the quintessential Sniper series out today.I still own Sniper Elite 1 for the PS2 and I still believe that it is one of the most difficult game experiences ever made, even compared to Soulsborne, Ninja Gaiden, and DMC 3. It featured intentionally limited HUD, limited saves, limited ammunition, and sprawling maps with hidden enemies that instakill you, leading to an immersive, oppressively difficult but rewarding experience.In comparison, Sniper Elite 3 has objective markers, aim assist, enemies marked on maps, regenerating health, light RPG elements, quicksaves, and the levels, while still quite open, are laid out in long stretches like most games. Sniper Elite 3 still maintains a certain level of difficulty, but is much more friendly to a casual game player, which is definitely a plus for many, but I still want to point it out.You play as a covert assassin in WW2 taking on axis powers in Africa, which gives the game a much more colorful and visually interesting setting than the perennial war-torn Europe. You are given a host of different weapons and explosives, but your bread and butter is, of course, your sniper rifle. The game allows you to hold your breath and shows you the true reticle, adjusted for wind and bullet fall. This, while much easier, takes a lot out of the challenge of sniping, but it is balanced by only being accessible while holding your breath.The most enjoyable aspect of the game are the slo-mo x-ray bullet kills that are triggered by a well-placed shot, which organically incentivize effective sniping.For the most part, the game levels feature multiple buildings, vehicles, and cover that lend themselves to stalking around and stealth killing your way through the level, with multiple options for carrying out each objective. There are also optional side objectives and collectibles. However, out of nowhere the game throws escort missions and sniper protection missions that throws all you stealth and planning out the window. I found them contrived and stupid, and they marred what was otherwise satisfactory game play.However, there is a lot to recommend and it is an overall solid experience that is much more friendly to the newcomer than the previous entries and features a large variety of gameplay options that lend themselves to multiple play-throughs."
76561198385333507,Recommended,238090,34025081,Posted: 4 August,all,jawharton,"Love this game and the kill camera will never grow old! PLays great I would recommend this game to anyone who likes a first person shooter. Play it stealthily or play it loud and proud, it is your choice."
,Recommended,238090,34055206,Posted: 6 August,all,RennkaZ,Run and Gun Simulator
,Recommended,238090,34053088,Posted: 5 August,all,dx404,"nice game, i've played pirated version.. and i decide to buy the original version when it's 80% cut prices :v"
76561198198141841,Recommended,238090,34056947,Posted: 6 August,all,jarl_green,Hans! Was ist los mit zu kopf?!?!Hans! Du kopf ist kaput!!!!11/10 Would headshot again.Awesome game. Schneeduhduhschnee level is over 9000!
,Recommended,238090,34074320,Posted: 6 August,all,Typhon,Good Game
76561198374628438,Recommended,238090,34057206,Posted: 6 August,all,XX-LANUXTHE MASTER-XX,its a good game               [very hard]
,Recommended,238090,34057497,Posted: 6 August,all,💓-Peak-💓,It's a great third person shooter about world war 2. Not many games use the scenary of africa so that's a bonus in my opinion. Singleplayer is alright but not the best and multiplayer is not the most balanced but still really fun!Recommend 9/10
,Recommended,238090,34023888,Posted: 4 August,all,KGeN,Much Wow. Such Aim.
76561198349255666,Recommended,238090,34085797,Posted: 7 August,all,kumuthudulnath,Awsome game! Best sniper experience ive had so far
,Recommended,238090,34088077,Posted: 7 August,all,H. Chan,The game is pretty good even with a few bugs and glitches here and there still (Being across the map from a corpse and being able to pick it up and teleport to the corpse if you do try to pick it up)
76561198348087055,Recommended,238090,34102463,Posted: 8 August,all,insanerabbit,"Great game. Although the story was too linear for me, kind of got bored along the way.But the gameplay is good. Sniper Elite 3 is interesting to replay a couple of times for thereare a lot of ways in finishing a mission. You can always play around on how you are goingto navigate through the area. Might as well play it Authentic to really immerse yourself in game."
76561198366670889,Recommended,238090,34102951,Posted: 8 August,all,VxvzombiesVxv,"Wait for sale, it gets boring after a while but I play it while watching Netflix so i don't mind, it's fun for mindless gameplay."
76561198129141342,Recommended,238090,34129035,Posted: 9 August,all,N0T S3NS1BLE,"Its pretty fun, like all the other games its satisfying to watch the bullet sink into your unlucky targets skull, testicles, heart, liver or many other places the game is very repetative. although multiplayer could take up some of your time, i finished the campaign in 4 hours so idk"
76561198242222204,Recommended,238090,34107662,Posted: 8 August,all,Azt a kurva,My laptop has 4gigs of ram. This game has a recommendation of 2gigs.... dont know why i get only 20 fps even with the graphics on low
76561198093867510,Recommended,238090,34121520,Posted: 9 August,all,Gorthond,Super Fun.
,Recommended,238090,34114668,Posted: 8 August,all,moosin noogit,"This game is great, beautiful graphics, great mechanics, and a good storyline. The only downside I found was that the campaign was short and only had around 8 missions."
76561197989295608,Recommended,238090,34117441,Posted: 8 August,all,Nihilki,Picked it up on sale.A solid 7/10.
,Recommended,238090,34111260,Posted: 8 August,all,Yah,it's awesome game
76561198079789371,Recommended,238090,34346615,Posted: 19 August,all,Brass Demon,"Devs, when you include spoken or written German in your game, get a native speaker to proof-read your♥♥♥♥♥♥ Hint: when talking about a huge gun mounted on a warship, the word is Kreuzer (cruiser, as in ship with huge guns), not Kreuzfahrtshiff (cruise ship, as in ship with lots of tourists).Otherwise, the game's not bad."
,Recommended,238090,34347952,Posted: 19 August,all,Shibe Ross,"Amazing gameplay, interesting tileset. Fun missions. Highly recommended. But strangely the Sniper Elite V2 multiplayer is more active...Overall a brilliant game 8/10"
76561198213083636,Recommended,238090,34343161,Posted: 18 August,all,AncientForestWarrior,Excellent game! Very fun to play!
,Recommended,238090,34317107,Posted: 17 August,all,Jack Kahuna Laguna,Good Game... Good graphic.. mix story.. good gameplay.. 8/10
,Recommended,238090,34438753,Posted: 23 August,all,★TheFEARLESS★,"I can guarantee you a lot of fun hours in this game as you take your sniping and stealth skills to the next level.Pros:Amazing gameplayYou can SNIPE!Bullet physicsStealthDecent sized maps and interesting missionsCons:AI - pretty stupidMultiplayer - Buy this game for the Singleplayer and not for it's horrible Multiplayer mode.Storyline - I really don't think the storyline is the selling point of this game anyways.8/10 - ""You Love Snipers, So Do I"""
76561198200608369,Recommended,238090,34367680,Posted: 20 August,all,Mr Saxobeat,AMAZING game!
,Recommended,238090,34359055,Posted: 19 August,all,Jak,"Fun sniper game, not easy but not too hard. Good for a hour here and there. I don't like playing it it big chunks as it becomes to feel a little repetitive but still, you can't beat the iconic Sniper Elite X-ray vision."
,Recommended,238090,34268075,Posted: 15 August,all,tntistnt,this is a fun game to play with friends.
,Recommended,238090,34280116,Posted: 16 August,all,TigerDust26 Logik,"Well this game did take me a while to actually play i found play on the hardest mode got to boring because it was only sneaking I later change it to sneakness but also some action which was my style. This game has perfect difficulties. It can get repetitive and boring but it usually doesn't stay that way. I also got the deluxe or season pass version since it was a bundle for steam summer sale and I say if it was as cheap as I got it, it might be worth it and you really want more to the story but for the full price of the season pass I would have to smack that down and say that would be a bad idea. It only gave like 2-3 hours of content. I give it 6.0/10 The final boss kill was not satisfying nor any of the endings with the dlc included. And even that it was fun you were kinda of doing the same thing over and over again ON CERTAIN MISSIONS. If you don't pay attention to that detail it's amazing. The story didn't really have a connection either(meaning I didn't care for the characters or the story/wasn't deep enough). One plus it has mulitplayer which I have yet to try out.Pros:Difficulties/play styles.XRAY VISION!!!!!!!Has about 11 hours of content (pretty good for when I got it on steam summer sale)MulitplayerUnlocks and SkinsAttachments^Different Weapons^Gameplay can be a ton of fun but...Cons:Some Missions were reptitivePremium Pass/Paid DLCS(not worth the price tag only when it like 90 percent off)Not satisfying endings or end killing specially Saving Church Hill DLCStory was good but didn't feel a real connection with the characters"
,Recommended,238090,34285837,Posted: 16 August,all,.clank,"There are a few noticable bugs in this game that I caught:- The noise from airplanes and bombardments doesn't always correlate with the ""noise"" symbol that tells you you can shoot without being heard, and it's the symbol that's actually accurate. This is a bit more important if you're playing without UI help, but is nonetheless annoying if you are anyway.- There are some glitches where you can save your game into an unwinnable state. One example is that if you save while hidden, you can sometimes load into a situation where an enemy sees you, probably due to how they get spawned in a load. This happened once to me when part of the objective involved not being seen. Another is when the alarm wouldn't shut off even though I proceeded to kill everyone on the map, and the objective wouldn't load while enemies were ""alerted.""- This game likes to lock your cursor into the game in windowed mode, which is okay, but there were a few times after shutting down the game where it glitched out, and clicking made me click through my other windows and onto the desktop, which could only be resolved by restarting my computer. This is probably the most significant bug in the game.- A funny one is when a soldier spotted me, and pathed to come investigate through a tank's patrol route. He kept walking without reacting to the approaching tank, and it ran him over and killed him.- An enemy could see through walls a couple times, oddly enough. Not tarp or something with holes, concrete buildings.That said, if you can work your way through all of this, the gameplay itself is enjoyable enough to be a time killer. My only real complaints would be:1) There's supposed to be a story, but it's directionless and boring, and the campaign ends very suddenly and awkwardly, like they ran out of budget to keep going or something. Sniper Elite 2 had a more interesting one, and I can barely remember what it was about, so that tells you about this one's.2) The zoom and sensitivity is messed up. The vertical sensitivity is way too low compared to the horizontal, which can be fixed by changing it in the options menu. What can't be fixed though, is that when aiming with your pistol, it still uses the zoomed in sniper scope sensitivity, so you have to drag your mouse really far to make the small adjustments to shoot enemies that are very close to you.Other than that, there's a few small details, like how the antitank rounds instruction screen only popped up once and I accidentally clicked through it, and couldn't find a way back, but that's starting to get nitpicky."
76561198212624547,Recommended,238090,34248421,Posted: 14 August,all,:::::Chetan:::::::,damm good game
76561198736615500,Recommended,238090,34299408,Posted: 16 August,all,Galuh Rizaldi,I think it would be great if they put another difficulties between sniper elite and authentic.
76561197991708280,Recommended,238090,34331658,Posted: 18 August,all,Mysterious A Mysterious,"A fantastic Sniper game. Superb graphics, sound, voice acting and with a great little storyline as well.Shooting a Nazi in the balls from over a mile away... whats not to like ?I've not had this much fun playing through a single player campaign game in years and having just completed it all I have to say is - ""time to find more work.""Theres also an excellent single player wave assault mode and multiplayer with very stable netcode if thats your bag.Onto Sniper Elite 4 then.9/10"
,Recommended,238090,34446426,Posted: 23 August,all,Имя мужик фамилия,"Кооп на 6ч, вы серьезно?"
,Recommended,238090,19897387,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,James_games,"Definatly my favorite sniping game! Story line is a little overused, but still a blast! multiplayer lets you know that you are not the best sniper in the universe, and the physics make this game a whole lot more challanging! Here are some of my pros and cons:PROS:~Awesome Sniper mechanics~fun to play by yourself or with friends (Co-op)~unique level design~good campaign (2nd to last level is lit!)~decent graphics~Pretty historically acurate (besides the fictional characters, and misnaming a vehicle)~good multiplayerCONS:~Windows 10 users will have a very difficult time playing this game, if they can get it to work at all~Cliche Story (supernazi weapon)~pretty linear levels~most servers are now empty or very small8/10, good game!"
76561198364034627,Recommended,238090,34426154,Posted: 22 August,all,Jackalzp92,"This is a great game and I'm glad that I took the chance to try it out. This game has really good graphice, challenges you on several levels and tests your nerve. Great game overall."
,Recommended,238090,34454298,Posted: 24 August,all,RayGunGilmore,"Sniper Elite 3 is great. I have had  a bunch of fun with it over the past 30 hours. It seems I am coming to the end of the campain, which is a bummer and relitivy short. Overall great game."
,Recommended,238090,34357151,Posted: 19 August,all,shed_,"I got this game on sale for 6 dollars. I got a fun game where I could choose how I wanted to play. At times, I would plan out my every move, scope out to see where my enemies were, wait for loud sounds that would mask my shot, even if I had to react in a split second. Other times I would bust my way through areas, touting my rifle as something no one could go up against, taking shots against giant tanks, running and manuevering. The storyline isn't the most interesting, but it makes for some good gameplay elements. This game also runs SUPER WELL. I have a budget system, (rx 460 graphics card) and I can run this with all ultra settings, 8x anistropic filtering and 2.25x supersampling and with my fps capped (vsync), I could run stutterless at 60-55 fps. 30 dollars may be a little too much for this game though, I would recommend grabbing it on sale."
76561198077895283,Recommended,238090,26258967,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Mario Mask,"This game, even though it was just a kind of go in, kill everyone, leave sorta game, was still very fun to play. I sometimes get into it and out of it, but when I get into it's still fun to blow a dudes balls off.If you came here for a review talking about how amazing this game was with bigHeadersandbold textyou came to the wrong place."
76561198083818227,Not Recommended,238090,34482550,Posted: 25 August,all,blue--ink,Only played for 5 hrs as I got fed up on running into bugs and glitches. First bug was that the mouse would only work in the menu but after a couple of restarts that fixed itself. Far more annoying is when you work out the perfect shot get the timing just right and you hit the left mouse button only for nothing to happen. The only way I've found around that is to come out of zoom and try the shot again but as you can imagine that's not great when you only have 1 chance to make a shot. The number of times I've had a shot lined up perfectly only for nothing to happen is countless and a couple of times I've been in a wide open space and thrown a grenade only to have it bounce off thin air and kill me.Despite all this I was enjoying the game enough that if I ever have a slow period I'd still go back to it and give it another chance but I just can't recommend due to the number of bugs I've experienced in such a short time. I'm sure if I do play more I'll probably come across more of the same.
,Recommended,238090,34518819,Posted: 26 August,all,E13E,AMAZING GAME 10/10 awesome
76561198078057919,Recommended,238090,34545579,Posted: 27 August,all,ziggyzoomzooom,fun & hard sniper
,Recommended,238090,29512577,Posted: 26 January,all,Astute,"So, coming back to Sniper Elite 3 after a break, I decided it was time to update my review of the game. My previous review was mostly negative, harping on problems I had with the AI and the difficulty.Then I played Authentic mode.I was wrong. I failed to understand how my perspective on the game was flawed. To put it simply, playing this game on anything other than Authentic mode does the game an injustice. Clearly, the developer balanced the game around Authentic, and then dumbed everything down for the lower difficulty levels.My major complaint before was how inconsistent the AI was when reacting to threats. Why do some AI not see me when I'm standing almost directly in front of them, and then at other times they spot me a quarter of a mile away? Why can they not find me when I'm clearly firing a sniper rifle next to their ear, and other times they can hear me through 3 concrete walls?As far as I can tell, it's due to the way the game nerfs their ability to react. On the lower difficulties, they still retain some of their faculties from Authentic, but lack certain common sense elements that would make them believable. This creates a jarring inconsistency on the lower difficulties, where you aren't sure what the AI can and can't do. You're basically playing a shoot-em arcade game with a half-crippled AI.Sniper Elite 3 is at its best when it's an open world, serious, cautious, thoughtful sniping game. The highest difficulty forces you to relearn how you approach the game. It's no longer a run and gun, but a puzzle game. You look at each soldier as a piece you need to remove to get to your objective. At a certain point, half way through Authentic, everything became routine, and I found myself plowing through the levels with relative ease. It wasn't that the game became easy, it's that I became a better player. What felt like a disjointed mess on the lower difficulties, felt like a complete game on Authentic.So, if you haven't tried Authentic, give it a few goes. Really settle in for the long game. Spend a few minutes scoping out each soldier, and figuring out who the weakest link in the pack is. You might find it to be much more satisfying than playing on Marksman or Sniper Elite.As a carryover from my previous review, the multiplayer is still phenomenal as always. There is a handful of people still playing, though expect to get your butt handed to you pretty regularly. It's also great for LAN parties.Oh, one last thing I realized. As I was playing through on Authentic, I suddenly had the thought.""This is literally what a 3D First-person Commandos game would be like...""OH MY GOD, MAKE IT HAPPEN REBELLION! I would love to play a 4-6 player WWII team game with everyone having roles. Stealthily infiltrating compounds, everyone having a specific role, etc"
76561198406825992,Recommended,238090,34630882,Posted: 31 August,all,flood for flood,great
,Recommended,238090,34628881,Posted: 31 August,all,Darke_Cypher,gg
76561198359001548,Recommended,238090,34653393,Posted: 1 September,all,LonteX,Good Game
,Recommended,238090,34698197,Posted: 2 September,all,wieseltan,good game but way to stealth only buy this for discount not worth the entire price
,Recommended,238090,34942533,Posted: 13 September,all,Dubs3p74,"Kinda cool, but the prequil Sniper Elite 2 is better."
,Not Recommended,238090,34941345,Posted: 13 September,all,MuffinsNTea ♔,"Too short, they♥♥♥♥♥♥out another one too fast."
,Recommended,238090,35066875,Posted: 19 September,all,Jeph,It was cool
,Recommended,238090,35133419,Posted: 22 September,all,JunglistPANDA熊貓,good game!!! nice graphic!!!
,Recommended,238090,35129196,Posted: 22 September,all,The One Reborn,"One of my favorite games ever. If you enjoy taking your time (or speeding through if that's your style), messing with enemy soldiers, luring them into explosive death, all the while  organs a'splattering and bones a'shattering, you should get this game, Making heads pop and listening to death rattles has never been so addicting."
,Recommended,238090,33882115,Posted: 29 July,all,feed the chickens,great game =D
76561198406159508,Recommended,238090,35261213,Posted: 28 September,all,im your mom,10/10 would shoot hitler in balls lollololollollololollolollollolololo
,Recommended,238090,35300652,Posted: 29 September,all,spLiff47,Sniper Elite 3 is an all around great action shooter 9/10
,Not Recommended,238090,14822652,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,✨｡･,"this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game uninstalled itself >:(and that was the least of the problems, it actually did me a favor."
76561198224688748,Not Recommended,238090,35384732,Posted: 1 October,all,clarence,was good for 1h
,Recommended,238090,12219819,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,LiqudJam,"This is a really good game so buy it, because it have so good grafic"
,Recommended,238090,35378435,Posted: 1 October,all,SlyCoopersButt,The main character is the most generic military dudebro I've ever seen in my life but the bullet time is fun.
,Recommended,238090,35408902,Posted: 2 October,all,Danster,Great
,Not Recommended,238090,35345221,Posted: 30 September,all,Mattini,SniperElite3.exe has stopped workingClose Program
,Recommended,238090,30191993,Posted: 26 February,all,Boxxu,The crashes are truly fixed \o/
76561198076023083,Not Recommended,238090,35440871,Posted: 3 October,all,kaboomzxc,sh!t game.sniper elite 4 is better.
,Recommended,238090,35401603,Posted: 1 October,all,GraphicX,Authentic looking 3ps shooter with the stealth & bullet mechanics that just seem to work.
76561198082888397,Recommended,238090,35501491,Posted: 5 October,all,Hellgrind,"Third installment of a pretty cool franchise. This time it is off to the Africa theatre in the hunt for the new nazi super weapon. Plot is simple and fairly straight forwarad with each new level letting you take another step towards finding out the big enemy plan and finally deal with it. Its enough to keep you entertained for a couple of hours, even though you will tire of shooting spooky skeletons about halfway through and just turn off the X-ray mech in order to keep the flow.What I didnt like was the sneak mechanic. Despite this being the third game, the mechanic still sucks. At times you get discovered for no reason what so ever and all of a sudden you get shot at from 7 different angles at the same time. And everytime that happened, all you had to do was to slaugheter everything within that particular area and everything went back to normal. Polishing it up a bit and allowing you to actually being able to make a few stealth kills here and there would be nice.A barely gave multiplayer a shot. The times I did, I spent 20 minutes crouched, camping in a house in the middle of the desert, successfully sniping another player after missing the first 20 rounds. The second time I was barely able to poke my head out before having it shot off... So yeah, not my kind of MP im afraid. Co-Op however was great fun! Being able to sneak in, wreak havoc, covering each other and to play the different challenges made the game worth to re-play a couple of more times before growing tired of it.All in all: 6 mice out of 10. Enough to keep you occupied over the weekend."
,Recommended,238090,31149852,Posted: 14 April,all,Večerníček,"Pretty good game, although story is uninspired and multiplayer is about nothing, so then that shooting to nazi testicles from 300 meters will keep you playing for long time.Story_ 6.5 / 10.0Multiplayer_ 5.9 / 10.0Fun_ 8.7 / 10.0Open world_ 0.0 / 10.0Other_ 7.3 / 10.0I've seen better games, but you should try it"
