user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,238010,32566822,Posted: 19 June,all,Rasty,This Game:Pros:+    Very beautiful subject and background+    Excellent psychological reactions on dialogues+    Reactive AI+    Runs on a potato+    Made me accidentally kill an asleep guard by literally making it slide down ventilation conduct slope by pushing it with another guard+    Made me do a 4th run to get the no kills achivementCons:-    Not enough suppressors in a single playthrough (you can get 3 or 4 max)-    I wish they would teach us more about vikingsEverything i ever wanted from a stealth oriented game11/10
,Recommended,238010,7741291,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Crimson Ghost,"Important Note: Your previous saves don't carry over into the Director's Cut due to the integration of the DLC titled Missing Link. Be warned that if you're at a personal point of no return then you may wish to hold off on getting this version.An amazing redux of the original title it does have its flaws. The first of which being that the implimentation of integrating the DLC mission was rather poorly handled and its entirely possible to accidentally leave your guns and even Praxis (the upgrades to augmentations) points behind without meaning to as I had nearly done this had I not gone actively looking for them. For those curious, they're to the left at the end of the mission before getting onto the boat but positioned as such that it can completely escape the eye when crossing by it.There is also NO balancing for New Game Plus. You don't get to carry over your weapons (why?) but your augmentations carry over, which is an odd choice since by the end of the game even a casual player can almost peak out the character and almost break the game when launching into a new game, which wouldn't have been the same had inventory carried over as weapons and items don't have quite the same effect on gameplay that some of the augmentations do leading to some awkward moments where you've long since passed an area and the dialog is minutes behind on registering because you're flying through levels faster than anticipated.The graphics did get a neat little boost, but having come from playing the original version straight to the new one, its hard to really tell unless you know exactly what you're looking for. Lighting effects are perhaps the most noteable and easiest to miss unless you're familiar with specific areas of the game that would have otherwise been completely overlooked.Boss fights are perhaps the most  changed out of everything since there are now alternate ways to take out a boss rather than resorting to using up your ammo or praying you outdamage them. They're still rather frustrating however as their AI hasn't really been modified to accept these changes in level design leading to a rather awkward moment where the Boss paces in just a small area attempting to find you in a room they are completely unfamiliar with, or have to rely solely on bull rushing to get to you before you're able to hack a panel.Overall though the game still stands up, but if you're looking for an amazing Cyber Punk experience and don't mind some dated graphics, seek out the original Deus Ex as it has the most in terms of balance, but for the modern era of gaming there really isn't an experience like Human Revolution."
76561197976470874,Recommended,238010,29541022,Posted: 28 January,all,kassidy3,"I am 70 and found it a challenge ...I did complete it in first shooter mode...I have all the previous ones also ...Before I foget ,I want to say that I loved it..."
,Recommended,238010,7797723,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Saffishie,"Although I've played DXHR back when it first came out, recently I got into Almost Human and felt the urge to replay the game...especially since the Director's Cut version had come out recently.  And now that I've finished it, I must say that I consider this is easily one of my most favorite games of all time.Is it perfect?  Of course not.  But what this game *does* have is, interesting settings, compelling and very possible vision of a world in the near future, fascinating storyline and memorable characters....and all of that will stay with you long after the game's done.  There are multiple ways of going through each area to suit just about any playstyle out there; nooks and crannies to explore, secret areas to discover, emails to read, people to talk to, and sidequests to complete.  The game does not lock you into a specific playstyle, but rather makes it possible, through giving the player the ability to pick and choose their augmentations, to cater to and enhance, various ways of play.  Like to sneak around, hack into things and be virtually undetectable?  You can do that.  Like to just mow everyone down with explosions and heavy weapons?  You can do that too.  Don't like killing anyone?  Yes, you can be a pacifist and just knock people out.One of the most interesting themes the game offers is the subject of the progress of technology and how it relates to us as humans.  Refreshingly, the game doesn't have a pre-determinted opinion on this and doesn't clobber you over the head with whatever it thinks is the right answer.  Rather, throughout the game, it allows you various glimpses and insights into different views from people you interact with, which affect your perception of the matter at hand, and, ultimately, play a huge role in how it all plays out in the end.TL;DR - highly recommended, buy it and play it if you haven't already! :D"
,Recommended,238010,10139663,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,solaris32,"I will try to keep this recommendation short, but whatever I put here know there is still much more awesome to this game.The game is huge and can take anywhere from 15 hours if you rush through it, to 30 hours if you take the time to read all the lore and details that is everywhere in the game. Said lore is expansive and actually very interesting to read. So is all the dialog, with very well done voice acting especially by the protagonist. The sounds are great too, including the weapons.The game is first person and seamlessly moves to third person whenever you hug a wall or climb a ladder. You can use a variety of weapons from pistols to shotguns, rifles and crossbows, even rocket launchers. There are non-lethal weapons too like tazers and a tranq rifle. You have an inventory you have to manage which holds your weapons, ammo, and everything else you might want. There are plenty of lootable objects, including your enemies.The game works like this: you are given a goal and are free to get to it how you wish. And I mean really free. Not like some other games which try to make you believe their attempt at stealth actually counts, because in the end you just kill the guys anyway. No, here you actually do have a choice. It is quite possible to avoid contact with any enemy in the game (except bosses), and doing so actually earns you more rewards than if you killed everybody. And if you're real good you can silently take everyone out and earn the ghost rewards. You do this by utilizing alternate routes, many of which can only be accessed if you take non-combat perks. You can also talk your way through certain areas, or hack certain things so you can slip by. This is far from a linear game.Perks you can get include higher jumping, more strength (to pick up that vending machine revealing the vent behind it, or use it to access a high ledge, or even as a shield from gunfire or to throw at your enemies for lots of damage), poison resistant lungs (to move through contaminated areas), hacking, stealth perks, and more. And of course there are perks to aid in combat like less recoil, damage resistance, ability to see through walls and mark targets too.Yes there most definitely is replayability. You are given choices throughout the game which does have a minor impact on what happens along that avenue, including what some people will say to you. If you choose to go in guns blazing your first time, you should probably try it a second time as a stealth person; you will learn things about the game you never would otherwise. There is also a new game plus so you can keep your perks from last game and eventually have everything unlocked during your second, if you so wish. Some people don't like achievements, but if this game didn't have one for beating it without killing anyone and another for never setting off an alarm, I most likely never would have bothered and therefore would have missed out on some fun and challenge.Closing remark I would like to say that this game is a very worthy successor to the original masterpiece of Deus Ex. If you enjoyed that classic then you are all but guaranteed to enjoy this too.If you want a very in depth game filled with many hours of memorable gameplay, then do yourself a favor and buy this. At 20 bucks it's a great deal, on sale you have no excuse to pass it up. Buy now!"
76561198027999270,Recommended,238010,12710403,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Eifersucht18,"“To Be, ..More Human than Human”Set in the dark, dystopian future of 2022, ‘Deus Ex: Human Revolution’ is a fantastic blend of the First Person Shooter (FPS) | Stealth | RPG genres and a testament to gaming as both an art form and sublime story-telling medium.Campaign:Released by Eidos | Square Enix in 2013, the world of ‘Deus-Ex’ is a bleak near-future where Corporations are increasingly more powerful – and Biotech firms vie for control of the Human Cryogenic Augmentation market. These increasingly high stakes result in a growing focus on corporate espionage and security – enter Adam Jensen – an ex-SWAT Commander hired as head of security for Sarif Industries. The opening credits detail Jensen’s brutal execution-style killing during a break-in at Sarif Industries, his resurrection through cryogenic augmentation and drops you into the shoes of the Part-Man, Part-Machine, to piece together the fragmented memories of the past and uncover the cause of the attack. An engrossing, deep campaign takes you around the world, on sprawling open world levels where the broader storyline is broken up through the distractions of a richly atmospheric world, numerous side quests, and lots of collectibles and readable background lore scattered around the maps.Gameplay | Graphics | Sound:Gameplay is aligned around the game’s 4 pillars of FPS based-combat, Stealth mechanics, RPG elements (of character customization) and Player Choice in story-telling direction – and the game seamlessly switches from one mode to another. You are allowed considerable breadth of choice in approaching every situation – Frontal Assault, Stealth or even Smooth-Talking your way past the opposition - building in replayability into the title as well. Several different situational outcomes, great graphics with a trademark orange machine-hue, a brooding pulsating score, responsive K&M controls and controller support round out a well polished title.  Note that this review is based on the ‘Director’s Cut’ version of the game which includes all DLC integrated directly into the overall campaign – resulting in close to 75-80 hours of gameplay to complete the campaign, track down all side-quests, see through multiple endings, read all the lore etc (but your mileage may vary).Flaws:Minor quibbles with the game include the occasional scripted boss battle that while serving to move the broader narrative along, tend to stifle the freedom otherwise celebrated throughout the game. Other issues include longish load times, an inordinate disk space requirement (of 20+ Gigs) and being particularly resource heavy, resulting in some framerate drop issues.Overall however, ‘Deus-Ex: Human Revolution’ is a triumphant blend of story-telling and disparate game genres. A visually stunning and immersive world, a deep, layered campaign, large open world levels, multiple endings determined by player choice, and very good replayability make this one of the best story-driven titles of recent memory. While the game’s broadly Sci-Fi / Cyber-punk theme will admittedly not be to everyone’s taste, for fans of the genre and classic sci-fi flicks such as RoboCop and BladeRunner, this is essential gaming and overall, a shining example of Gaming Evolved. Very Highly Recommended – Rated (9.5/10)Want More Recommendations?Make sure to click the 'Follow' button on our Curator Page (Link Attached) to get the latest reviews updated directly onto your Activity Feed. Link:'Game Syndicate - Curator Page'"
,Recommended,238010,18709763,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,talgaby,"Short version: 88%Human Revolution, like its predecessors in this line of popular first person role playing stealth games, offers freedom in almost every aspect to fit any play style. As far as multiplatform games go, this is probably the best you can get to recreate the old Deus Ex atmosphere.Long version:Deus Ex: Human Revolution is the third instalment in the Deus Ex series, and it’s also the prequel and the spiritual successor of the highly acclaimed first game from 2000– mostly disregarding the existence of the not-so-popular second game.Deus Ex always liked to promote freedom in play styles. All missions, be it plot-critical or just a side quest, have at least two solutions: go in guns blazing, or be sneaky. Although there is a decent arsenal in the game, and a few lethal augmentations (this franchise’s version of spells), the designers clearly favour the latter: there are hidden routes everywhere, you can bypass security systems, and there are several ways to dispose of the guards in a non-lethal, silent manner. You even get a large praxis (experience) boost when choosing these solutions.The story involves yet another conspiracy, but without any clandestine organisations secretly trying to topple the current society. The scale is smaller: you deal with corporate espionage and political movements resenting the human augmentation technology. You will still encounter soldiers working for the secret government, but the most common enemies are thugs and private security.The Director’s Cut, the only version available now, integrates the formerly separate expansion into the storyline, which unbalances the endgame, but creates a more coherent narrative. The boss fights, the bane of the original edition, also got revamped, but they are only slightly better now. Still, all and all, this is the superior version (despite some technical issues), the one recommended for all cRPG fans, be them new or old."
,Not Recommended,238010,12119701,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,roed_,"BUYER BEWARE!The good:Deus Ex: Human Revolution was a fantastic game when it came out.The world is beautiful and immersive, and great care has been given to every little detail in it.The story was intriguing, I was instantly hooked.The voice acting, music and overall sound of the game was fantastic.As of writing this, I've played through the original 2 times and am currently working on my 3rd playthough.The bad:The director's cut of this game is based on an older build, which means that the bugs that were patched out of the original DXHR are back!As of writing this review, the last patch released was back in November of 2013. A year later, there has been no word from Eidos Montreal of another patch. Seems likely that they have simply moved on to other games by now.Issues include:Performance issues even on high-end rigsBroken post-processingDown right horrible texture pop inAnd over 100 other bugs that can be found in this thread:http://steamcommunity.com/app/238010/discussions/0/810939350891608249/Recommendation: DO NOT BUY! Find copies of the original DXHR and the DLC online, and redeem them on Steam."
,Recommended,238010,15210064,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Dangerous Saiga,"As an owner of the (original) Deus Ex: Human Revolution and The Missing Link, the Director's Cut does have some improved gameplay mechanics when combating bosses and integrated flow for The Missing Link to be implemented in the game. Unfortunately, small annoying bugs and game breaking exploits brings a lot of frustration to the player. The main question to ask is: Should the owner of the original Deus Ex: HR and TML get the Director's Cut? What about new players who want to play it? The answer shall be reveal.For newcomers, Deus Ex: Human Revolution takes place in the year, 2027, in a cyberpunk universe where the debate about human augmentation vs human nature gone horribly out of control, drawing people from both sides arguing over this controversy. You play as Adam Jensen, an ex-cop and lead security for Sarif Industries, who will unravel a hidden conspriacy among individuals who want to seek a hidden agenda. The background stories in the game is genuinely impressive when reading EBooks (or scholarly articles). The main plot is well paying close attention to, allowing you to make certain decisions in the game that will benefit or hinder you.One of the best parts in the game is dynamic dialogue  and persuasion. Arguably, this dialogue system is well-written and your dialogue choices would not always work in multiple occasions when talking to important characters in the game. The stealth system is really, I mean really, really outstanding. Sure, you can ""Pew pew pew, I can shoot people"", but being stealthy and conduct ""passive"" takedowns feels great. I strongly recommend doing stealth and passive takedowns to get the best experience in this game. I guarantee it. The hacking mechanic is good at first, but the reward system is...too easy to achieve. However, hacking can really make a difference and ease a lot better to passby enemies without too much difficulty.The negative aspects in this Director's Cut are the overwhelming number of bugs, exploits, less optimized than the original DE:HR and TML, and lack of attention/patches from the developers. This is absolutely unacceptable from the developers. At times, the Director's Cut version is a cash cow for owners who have the original DE:HR & TML. It really is for the original owners, including myself. In my personal honest opinion, people who have the original copy shouldnotget the Director's Cut since there's little change and no game fixes for the Director's Cut. However, if you want to support the developers to make future Deus Ex sequels/games, you can.Deus Ex: Human Revolution was released in August 2011 and received rave reviews and awards. There's no doubt that Deus Ex: Human Revolution was a fantastic game that every gamer should experience. For those who never play the franchise, youmustget this game (best get the Director's Cut at -75% or -80% off for $5 or $4 USD or regional equivalent). For those who have the original copies of DE:HR and TML, I suggest that the Director's Cut isnotworth getting due to unaddressed technical and in-game problems, but you can still buy the Director's Cut if you want to. The Director's Cut has my highest recommendation for newcomers and ""cautious"" recommendation for the original owners."
,Recommended,238010,13988082,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,mark | dj.,+ Atmosphere+ Interesting story+ Some good sidequests+ DLC included+ Multiple ways to complete an objective- Boss fights still no fun- Slower pace halfway through thanks to the DLC[Rating: 90/100]
,Recommended,238010,24647930,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,"Communist ""Joseph Ballin"" Layton","The Director's Cut for HR doesn't do anything particularly dramatic, but it makes changes where it counts. The graphics are touched up a little bit, there's New Game+, the boss fights have new rooms that enable you to take them out as a hacker character, the preorder bonuses are more sensibly placed, and the Missing Link DLC, which was previously a standalone game, is integrated into the story (though in a somewhat lazy way) - along with some minor changes, like the removal of being able to punch a certain boss in the face and end that fight in one punch.But the real gem of this edition of the game that makes it totally worth coming back to in my opinion is the developer commentary option, which I think everyone who has played the game should go through at some point. It fills the game with hours of commentary nodes from a group of lead developers from the game, and it's presented in such a casual way that it almost feels like you're playing the game alongside a group of friends or something. They go into detail on every aspect of the game's development, and point out a ton of things that you probably never realized no matter how many times you may have played the game. It's not recommendable for a first playthrough since they talk over the cutscenes and occasionally spoil things, but if you're returning a second time I'd highly recommend turning it on.Though some of you may be playing for the first time, and wondering how the game is in general. As a whole, while Human Revolution isn't my favorite in the series, it does a great job of maintaining the Deus Ex feeling of having plenty of choices and ways to navigate each level to accomodate different playstyles. It has a few issues that still aren't fixed by the DC, like how it awards XP for hacking things (which discourages you from ever bothering to use passwords) and  the conspiracy generally isn't as interesting as in the old games, but it's still an all around pretty great game, and definitely worth checking out whether you've played the old games or not."
,Not Recommended,238010,9649535,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Prankoys,"One step forward, two steps back.Deus Ex: Human Revolution was a good game; a bit flawed, but a great experience overall. This is essentially a glorified (and badly-executed) patch/cash grab, which reworks a few things (mainly boss fights and DLC integration), but breaks a lot of things that were already fixed in patches.The reworked boss fights are great, especially for those who prefer the stealth/non-lethal approach and had trouble dealing with the bosses in the original version. The Missing Link DLC's integrated into the game now, though it still feels disjointed, and an option to skip it or launch it from the menu instead of having to go through it on every playthrough would have been nice.Unfortunately, in everything else, this ""ultimate"" edition of the game falls flat on its face compared to the original DXHR. Performance is worse, the game takes up nearly twice as much space (18.2 GB vs 10.6 GB for the original + DLC) for no apparent reason, and bugs that were fixed in the original version are back, along with some that weren't even in the original release (look here for a list:http://steamcommunity.com/app/238010/discussions/0/810939350891608249/), lending credence to the idea that they used an older build of the game for development. The much-complained-about gold tint's gone, but I'm not certain that change was intentional, because post-processing (which includes the gold filter) simply does not work. Depth of field doesn't work either, and a lot of the textures have problems appearing correctly.I've uploaded a few comparison screenshots here so you can see the graphical issues I'm talking about:http://imgur.com/a/AjaRgIf you don't own Human Revolution yet, find a retail copy of the original if you can; it's not available on the Steam store anymore. You'll miss out on the DLC, but at least you won't have to play through a bug-infested main game. If you already have the original, don't bother buying this unless you _really_ want to see the updated boss fights, do a New Game+ playthrough (you'll have to start from the beginning, though; saves from the original don't carry over), and/or listen to the developer's commentary, because that's all the Director's Cut really has to offer.EDIT 2014-03-29: kamil950 shares that while the original game's been removed from the Steam store, other digital stores still have the standard edition + DLCs which can be activated on Steam.(http://isthereanydeal.com/#/search:deus%20ex%20human%20revolution;/scroll:%23gamelist)"
,Not Recommended,238010,12120525,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Pultin,"!!! DO NOT BUY THIS GAME !!!Director's Cut is a scam. The game uses an old version of the original game, which means it has all the bugs that were patched years ago in THE ORIGINAL GAME! Only handful were fixed in DC. In addition to the new bugs players have found, this version also seems to have downgraded graphics, such as low quality SSAO, broken Post Processing, streched textures, missing colors etc.Game's forums on Steam and on Eidos site shows no one in the company - including moderates - care about this game. Steam discussions page shows at least 144 unfixed, missing features/bugs for this game.The only ""enhancement"" in this version is the toned down yellow tint a.k.a.♥♥♥♥♥♥filter, which IMO was too much in some areas of the original game. It's an artistic question. I personally prefer it off just because I have finished the game and found it hiding details in otherwise dated looking game. I also like more vibrant colors in general. They could've just toned it down in the areas where it was too much, not in the whole game. There should've been at least an option to turn it back on if desired.If you like the toned down yellow tint in DC, you are better off with the original as you get far better results by trying out different SweetFX profiles.To people who own the original and TML:Play those instead. You save HDD/SSD space, have the best bug-free experience with less chance to get graphical glitches. Yes, the boss battles were questionable, but you are only missing slightly more open areas in boss battles that were probably done by some trainee in one weekend anyway.To people who don't own the original nor TML:Find a boxed copy on your local store's bargain bin or get an activation code for Steam from a legitimate cd-key market site. Don't worry about TML (The Missing Link). It's like the fourth episode in Duke Nukem 3D. Unnecessary. Just a nice extra. TML only explains ""three days in statis"" and is attached to the main story in DC.There was no need for explanation really. I didn't even notice days were passed at that point of the game. You can get a key for TML online, e.g. Amazon if you really want."
,Recommended,238010,7750288,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,theromulans,"I loved the original Deus Ex: Human Revolution. To this date it's one of the best games I've played, so it's great to be given the chance to play an updated, more complete version of the game.The common complaint about the boss fights being out of place was quite true. The Missing Link's boss encounter was a much better example of how this idea should have been approached. The revisited boss fights are interesting, but not worth the price of admission alone. The true reward is simply playing the game again, Missing Link included, all the way through in this updated format.I wish there were a few new side quests on offer here (outside of the Tong rescue mission - which was great to play for the first time). Especially after hearing about what may have been cut from the game, and as well as the fact that only a single DLC was released. In this regard I'm left a little cold by the so-called Director's Cut - but I can still recommend playing this, the most complete version of one of my favourites. Highly recommended."
76561198136678645,Recommended,238010,23812430,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Adam Jensen 007,"Don't read this buy it. It is worth the 75% off.A solid 9.5/10Since 2011 had many popular games (ex: Skyrim), many games went under the radar (such as Deus ex Human revolution, Kingdom of Amalur).I have played Deus ex Human revolution before. I decided to buy the Director's cut for the missing link.The Good:-The story. This story for this game takes a few twists and turns. A lot of unexpected events that happen-Re-play value and diversity: Whether you decide to go stealth or reveal it all, this game is for you.-Skill points: An interesting buffet of skill points. Many skill are very good. Cloak, a skill, allows you to turn invincible for a few seconds making stealth easier. Additionally, there are a lot of hidden Piraxis kits. I recommend using a guide to get them. I think you can fill out 2/3 to 3/4 of the entire skill tree.-Achievements: You can get all the achievements fairly easily. However, I recommend using a guide because many are hidden. None of the Achievements are bugged.-Music: the soundtrack is amazing. I really enjoyed the music.-Voice actor: Elias Toufexis does the voice of Adam Jensen.  He does the voice for Batman. I am Batman!!!!The Bad: A little too much facial hair. Just kidding!-You cannot reset your skill points. Therefore, choose your skill points wisely. Improve your hacking skills in the game. I recommend having a clean save in Adam's apartment where you stockpile skill points. This way you can go backtrack without replaying the entire game.Overall, in my opinion, this game has been very under-rated and is a must have.Can't wait for Deus Ex Mankind Divided."
,Recommended,238010,13657956,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,crunchyroll and chill,It's almost 2015 and our world still isn't only shades of black and yellow - what gives?I never asked for this.
76561197970075793,Recommended,238010,12851735,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,gracenote108,"This game is going to be one where a line between love and hate is pretty defined.You will love this game's story if you have a philosophical type of mind. This game gives you something to think about in regards to the morals and ethics of technological impacts on society. This concept is part of the core of the story. The one drawback regarding this is you'll have to use your imagination to fill in some of the gaps. A lot of information regarding this concept in the Deus Ex world is gotten through emails, ebooks, radio, TV, and random people talking on the streets. The story definitley had potential to be more. There wasn't enough character development for many of the characters in the game. All the antagonists were pretty shallow, even some of the people in the side-quests had more personality than these guys.In terms of gameplay, if the thought of sneaking around gives you joy, then you'll like this game; however, if you're looking for some solid stealth gameplay, this may not be for you.  The enemies are generally easy to sneak by. They patrol back and forth in an area, but they never go beyond the area where you may be hiding. I like being sneaky, so I didn't mind so much, but it could have been better.  Going lethal is fun though, and may even be more challenging than stealth because your character is not immortal like in other modern FPSs.For $20, the game is worth playing, and if you're interested in a dystopian, stealth, FPS, RPG style game, you'll find plenty of replay value."
,Recommended,238010,16712855,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,PapaRapSy,Having trouble fighting an enemy? Find a vent.Need an alternate route? Find a vent.Get cornered by enemies? Find a vent.Can't find a vent? Find a vent.Sweet-talked your way in so no need for alternate routes? Find a vent anyway.11/10 still looking for more vents.
,Recommended,238010,32160563,Posted: 3 June,all,Imp,"A really great game! Just recently got into Deus Ex, played the first one a couple months ago. Omg why haven`t I heard of these games before? Right up my ally!Great gameplay and rpg element. The story comes just short of the story in the first Deus Ex, but still great. A must play!"
,Not Recommended,238010,8027367,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Gittun,"While this version includes a few nice features and combines the excellent Missing Link DLC into the main game, it is simply NOT worth it.The pc version of the directors cut is based off of an old build, so all the bugs and issues that plagued the original game on release that were patched out are back. Besides that, the postprocessing that was part of what gave the original game its interesting aesthetics don't work at all (the setting does nothing), so the game looks markedly worse than the original in my opinion. (opinions differ on this, YMMV.)My conclusion: see if you can find the disc based version of the original release and buy the missing link separately (if possible.)"
,Recommended,238010,31600012,Posted: 7 May,all,ρоѕιтяои_,"Deus Ex: Human Revolution is a cyberpunk, stealth, R.P.G. developed by Eidos Montreal and published by Square Enix. Set in the year 2027 you are Adam Jensen, an ex-S.W.A.T. specialist who has been handpicked to oversee the security of one of America's most experimental biotechnology firms, Sarif Industries, and it's your job to safeguard company secrets. However, things quickly take a turn for the worse when an elite black-ops team abruptly breaks in and kills the very scientists you were hired to protect thus changing everything you thought you knew about your job. During the assault, Adam is not only critically injured but the woman that he loves is also killed in the process. Adam soon awakens to find that his life has been saved but at a tremendous cost as most of his body has been replaced with highly advanced cybernetics leaving Jensen to ponder the question...""Am I man or machine?"". Determined to bring justice to those responsible for the attack on Sarif Industries...Jensen hits the pavement tracking down one clue after the next in his pursuit of the villains.Aside from the excellent story, one of the best features of Deus Ex: Human Revolution is the fantastic gameplay that consists of a first person shooter with heavy R.P.G. elements. Fear not for just because this is a F.P.S., that does not limit how you proceed through this game. Instead of kicking down doors and running into every room with guns blazing one could choose the non-lethal stealth approach and actually go through the game from start to finish without killing a single person. Whether you decide to kill or not, the stealth aspect of this game alone is just incredible and is also where the gameplay of this title really shines. Choosing just how to play the title, as there are always multiple paths to success, really is up to you. As a dedicated R.P.G., Jensen is awarded experience points as tasks are completed during the narrative which can be spent on a vast array of character augmentations and upgrades for your cybernetics that unlock a number of new abilities. Fighting prowess, hacking, stealth...these are just a few examples of the many skills that can be enhanced for Jensen. Ultimately, it's up to you to determine how you want your character to evolve based on how you want to play the game. Speaking of the narrative, always remember that choices are at play as you must face the consequences of your actions as one decides how the story unfolds for Jensen. There are many points in the title where you must make heavy decisions with far reaching implications so decide wisely.Graphically speaking, I may be a little bias because I love all things about cyberpunk so naturally I completely enjoyed the look of this game. Deus Ex: Human Revolution has at this point been out for a couple of years and the game still looks great to this day. It does a fantastic job of immersing you in a futuristic vision of the world with the gorgeous set pieces such as the vehicles, buildings, tech and even the clothing that the characters wear in the game. Also, the dark colors and subtle tones really help to flesh out the cyberpunk environment of Deus Ex. And since this is a Square Enix title, the C.G. rendered cutscenes are of course spectacular as they always are in Square Enix games. The sound quality is top notch as is the phenomenal soundtrack which I listen to quite often. In summary, Eidos managed to really paint a beautiful picture of the not too distant future for this game.This title had been available for quite some time before I finally got around to playing it and I regret waiting so long to try it because I absolutely loved Deus Ex: Human Revolution from the beginning to the end. Jensen is just so freaking cool! Going down the list...the story keep me on the edge of my seat at all times, the action and gameplay mechanics were excellent and the soundtrack was fantastic. Like I mentioned before, you could go through this game on a killing spree and given what happened to you that would be completely understandable or one could take the more zen approach and choose the non-lethal course of action so the replayability of this title is very high. There are also quite a few Steam Achievements, some of them hidden, and Steam Trading Cards to collect as well. Deus Ex: Human Revolution is HIGHLY RECOMMENDED as it just does so many things right in so many different genres. You should..augment..your Steam library with this title immediately...see what I did there?! Aww shut up that was funny!"
76561197981834608,Not Recommended,238010,10918140,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,| Sc4bman |,"The game itself is good. Just not the Directors Cut sadly. Riddled with bugs and poor performance and other issues the game is unplayable for most people, including me."
,Recommended,238010,10616814,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Arkhadi,"Human Revolution is an absolutely MUST HAVE title! I'm pretty sure that I can't put to words everything that I love about this game but I'll do my best, as usual.It's set in the same universe as the first game, and though having played the first one is not required, recognizing some music and character references was a rewarding experience to me.I finished this game three times : first when It came out, then a pacifist playthrough at maximum difficulty, and another just so I could listen to developer commentary.Visually speaking, the game is unique, the art fits, character concepts and environment design sucks you into the game and the famous orange-ish theme only adds to the it's identity, once in a while you have to revisit a map, but the story events change the way it plays, so I can't say the scenarios are repetitive. I also have not found any bugs related to graphics.Gameplay is a mix of first and third person shooting with cover and rpg elements. From stealth takedowns, advancing through enemies cloaked, shooting tranquilizing darts, to hardcore combat with a variety of firearms, explosives and scenarios elements to use at your advantage, the combat in this game couldn't be better, it's as if the game says "" hey, choose one of these, and do it your way! "". It will often give you choices, for example : at the first mission, you could go straight to the objctive, or try to rescue the hostages among the way, an option speaking of wich, has more then one way to be accomplished. It's one of those games where you're given freedom inside a linear level path, and this is called replay value!There is an Augment system, each time you gain a level or buy a praxis kit, you can upgrade something that might have a huge impact on gameplay : reaching higher places you otherwise wouldn't be able to, skipping a set of enemies by going invisible, breaking through walls and moving heavy objects to reveal shortcuts and rewards, it encourages you to play again and again in different ways and once you finish the game, you enter NG+ with all the previous augments you had.The story is well written, I won't spoil anything, the plot makes you want to search for answer at all moments so expect twists, also, there are four distinct endings depending on your choices, and in case you can't get enough of it, hit the wiki for more Deus Ex universe.Sound effects are okay, voice acting is great, Elias Toufexis made Jensen come alive as well as the other actors with other characters.The game can be maxed out on mid-end machines and run smoothly, I'm running at 1080p on 650ti Boost, i5 3570 and 4GB Ram.I'd recommend this game for everyone, in fact... GO BUY THIS GAME RIGHT NOW.tl:dr+ Replay value+ Well written story & some cool references.+ Option to end the game without killing anyone+ Fluid combat with arsenal and path veriety+ Developer commentary-  Endings could be more dinamic"
,Recommended,238010,32799534,Posted: 25 June,all,S1X_BULL3TS,"This is my all time favorite game. Bought it on the 360, beat it three times, and bought it again on the PC so I can play it some more. The loading times and graphics are far improved from 360, but the stuttering in between menus and dialogue options is really annoying. Nonetheless, this game is my favorite game of all time because it exceeds in almost every category that can be used to describe a piece of art.CategoriesStory - 10/10Soundtrack - 10/10Dialogue - 9/10Ambient/Environmental Sounds - 8/10Level design - 10/10Locations - 9/10Creativity/originality of the game world and its citizens- 10/10Game play mechanics/combat - 9/10Variety of combat/use of environment 10/10Length/replayability - 10/10DLC - 9/10RPG elements - 9/10Side quests - 9/10Exploration/ traversal - 10/10Difficulty - 9/10Overall: 9.7/10 - the highest rating I have given a gameA little more about each categoryThe story is full of twists and turns and has characters and events that you care about. Your actions have consequences and your choices feel like they are important, and sometimes difficult to make. The soundtrack is one of the most brilliantly composed pieces of music I have ever heard in a game. The dialogue of the main characters of the game is very well scripted and makes you think about what the characters say; however random citizens/civilians/enemies have pretty dull/boring dialogue in comparison. The locations you visit are gorgeous and creatively designed. The game world feels unique in a seemingly saturated genre. The level design is very well fleshed out giving the player many different options on how to approach the situation, although stealth/hacking/exploration is usually the most rewarding. The mechanics and combat are very well designed and make the game have good variety in the way situations can be handled. The length of the story + side quests + DLC is very long ranging between 15-25 hours for a single play through. The replayability is amazing, due to the diverse level design; playing through a difficult area in one play through may be a breeze next play through due to a hidden area in the environment/dialogue option. The DLC in this game is actually one of the best DLCs I have played, due to its ambition and its concept; rather than going for a generic DLC cash grab, it addresses a minor plot hole in the original game and fleshes it out into its own little story, then when finished, the game continues where the plot hole would have been unresolved before. This game allows you to make Adam into the character you want him to be, specializing in things that interest you. I could see some of the side quests in this game being marketed as entirely separate DLC if this game were published in this day and age. The environments are rich and traversal is fun, with tons of things to discover, even in the smallest of environments. And finally, this game is tough as nails, especially on the ""Give me Deus Ex"" difficulty (how I recommend playing DE:HR). Adam is only a human and getting augmented did not just suddenly turn him into super bad♥♥♥♥♥who can take down crowds of people and tear apart rooms of machines. He is still human and will die in just a few shots if you're not careful.Anyways, this game is worth purchasing to any fan of the aforementioned categories above."
,Recommended,238010,16716550,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,voidscan,"couldnt kill first boss, so i hid in the vent and waited for him to  kill himself with his own grenades73/10 best boss fight ever"
,Recommended,238010,9644625,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Spanky Pie,"The most immersive action RPG ever just got better. I love all of the improvements of the Director's Cut. I was extremely pleasantly surprised with the new options they have added to beat the boss fights. I also thoroughly enjoyed the Developer Commentary and it provided a lot of insights that I never knew about the game. But the biggest and most noticeable change is actually having two beautiful energy bars that automatically refill to play with. Makes everything so much easier. The ""golden haze"" effect will be missed, however, but the game still looks great, almost remastered even. The cutscenes just now feel a bit out of place compared to the rest of the game.If you haven't finished Deus Ex: Human Revolution yet, get this and do it now. There's no reason not to because you are seriously missing out. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,238010,20513442,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,🔱Dovahkiin🔱,"Human Revolution remains today as two years ago, an interesting game, multi-faceted, multi-faceted. A title that has tried to do, with good success, something different, light years away ""monodimensionality"" that too many products in this generation, have shown. It is a pity that the clear vision of Eidos did not influence other game designers, and we hope that in the future the free and open approach to this Deus Ex can be considered a strong point for many other creative. This Director's Cut comes demonstrating a strong production effort: corrective actions are many, some more successful than others, and certainly all in line with the demands of the fans. We would not say that these ""grafts"" vary appreciably the overall quality of the game experience, and yet fail to update the title so that they feel a bit 'less than two years from the original."
,Recommended,238010,23228828,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,The Adventurous Gangster Morman,"If someone asked me to describe Deus Ex: Human Revolution in one word, I would use the word...Think.You have to think about an answer to the constant, yet lingering, quetion the game throws at you of whether or not robotic augmentations are politically correct.You have to think about where you're gonna explore and what tools you'll need to be able to explore it, because if you're not careful, you might have some areas of a game closed off.You have to think about how often you should use a weapon, because if you're not careful, you'll probably run out of ammo and end up screwing yourself in a specific situation.Thinking is the main gameplay mechanic of Deus Ex. Sure, you can argue that it doesn't have a specific gameplay mechanic at all, considering it's a mesh of different genres such as being a sandbox, or an rpg, or just a straight-up fps. But, no matter what you're doing, no matter what genre you play this game for, it always requires you to do one thing:Think.Deus-Ex is a FPS with RPG elements that somehow feel balanced and extremely well fleshed out. One moment, you're in a facility, either sneaking around or killing, soldiers and terroists on the look-out for you. The next moment, you're in a city-hub, being enraptured in a world full of dark secrets to find in sewer vents or apartments. It's truly a game that can appeal to anyone!The story of the game is that you play as an Ex-Cop named Adam Jensen, who, after handling a few terroist attacks with his new augmentations, send him on a quest full of conspiracy and political tension as he looks for a close friend of his. I can't say much after that, because then the story would be no fun! :) Let's just say that you're in for a fun ride, and we'll leave it at that. :)Overall, I recommend this game to any gamer of any kind. It's a game that is a perfect blend of a variety of genres that requires you to consider all of your actions, even those outside of dialogue sequences!So, yeah, you may have never asked for this, but trust me: You won't regret it! <3"
,Recommended,238010,18173348,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,AngelValse,this game has:-nice story-unique stealth-unique style to complete missions or kill enemy-augmented-hacking-choice matters-inventory puzzle-stupid people-adam jensen9/10
,Recommended,238010,24330603,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,nein,"Just Amazing.Pros:-Very good atmosphere.-Good stealth system.-Good combat system.-NPCs seems alive, somehow.Cons:-I've never asked for this.11/10 would play over and over until Mankind Divided comes out."
,Recommended,238010,14877361,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Luc!us,"Basic DXHR playstyle:1. Find an enemy2. Try to gun him down3. Realize that theres like 30 other guys that you missed and are now shooting at you from 20 different directions4. Run the ♥♥♥♥ for your life5. After youve found  a considerable safe spot, weep for a few seconds while panicking over the millions of possible ways you might die as you regenerate6. Remember that theres still a fight going on7. Grow a pair and try to confront them all at once like a badass8. Die miserably9. Respawn and stay in your previous safe spot and wait for them to come get the b810. When they fall for the b8 gun them down or use a takedown, repeat steps 1 - 10 (hopefully avoiding step number 8 if you already got the hang of it)11. Keep repeating steps 1 - 10 until you meet up with a boss12. Panic and run the ♥♥♥♥ for your life because you have just entered a boss fight without knowing there was going to be a boss fight and you were probably not even prepared for this and you probably didnt ask for this13. Realize that theres about 100 powerful weapons (or 1,000 regular weapons) with enough ammo conveniently placed there because even if you didt prepare for the boss fight the game lets you prepare for the boss fight in the middle of the boss fight14. Kill the boss and realize that all your panic and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t for this boss fight was unnecessary since the boss fights here are honestly so easy they feel like overly dramatic tutorials on how to run for your life and shoot while doing such15. I forgot to mention that youre probably going to be talking and making desicions based on morale more than you will be shooting or playing in this game.16. Repeat steps 1 - 15 until youre halfway into the game17. Start arguing with politicians, millionares, scientists, and even your own boss and discover that youre litterally fighting the Illuminati (Faze clan apart)18. After youre done arguing over the upcoming genocide continue along with the used-to-be-DLC-but-was-included-in-this-version-of-the-game-at-the-same-price-of-the-original-game-and-now-feels-like-a-fundamental-part-of-the-game-anyways part of the game, as in: The Missing Link19. Youre on the boat without your augs or weapons so you feel helpless at this point.20. Get released, from your ""prison"" and do a process similar to steps 1 - 9, only this time youll initially rely alot on takedowns since you bareley find ammo for the guns you find21. Get your augs and weapons back, and get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off over the fact that you dont get all your praxis points back for all your augs22. Continue with The Missing Link *insert spoilers here*23. Youre probably at the near end of the game after you finish the used-to-be-DLC-but-was-included-in-this-version-of-the-game-at-the-same-price-of-the-original-game-and-now-feels-like-a-fundamental-part-of-the-game-anyways part of the game so, Congratulations!24. Final boss fights and end-game parts, just stick to your thing, but only this time theres a whole lot of nightmare fuel in this, the more you progress, the more things youll need to change since you probably♥♥♥♥♥♥them because of the nightmare fuel25. Finish the game, no matter what choice you make at the end your mind, your way of seeing things, especially humanitys relations with Technology in the future, are all ♥♥♥♥ed, really, really, hard... (edit: you also become a sort of a technophobe for at least 30 minutes because of this)26. Stare at your computer screen while saying ""What the ♥♥♥♥ just happened..."" or ""What the ♥♥♥♥ did I just do..."" for as long as the credits last*I have absoluteley no idea if this should be considered a spoiler or not but what the hell, you decided to read this anyways which is pretty impressive if youve made it this far considering all the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t in this, especially since im writing this in the middle of the night*27. Watch the ""surprise ending"" at the end of the credits and yell out ""I WANT A SEQUEL, I NEED A SEQUEL, IF THERES NO SEQUEL I WILL DIE"" for about an hour or so and get mind♥♥♥♥ed over how this just might connect with the original Deus Ex, just about as mind♥♥♥♥ed as one can get with Bioshock Infinites ending and its relations with the original Bioshock, but thats a whole 'nother story or as mind♥♥♥♥ing as on how the worlds of Portal and Half-Life are supposedly the same.28. Never sleep again.Or thats just my personal experienceHonestly this games end is scarier than all the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t FNAF games combined10/10 would get mind♥♥♥♥ed, get scared to death, and augumented again even though I never asked for this."
,Recommended,238010,13738809,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,McKris,This game made be realize how many of my life problems can be solved by punching people
,Recommended,238010,15974697,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,[slckr]robilar5500,"Priceless.Actually, this game is often had for under $5 at this point. Which brings me to my next thing: if you dont own this game, you are probably doing something wrong with your life.Seriously, in my opinion, this is a top ten all time great game. It has everything....great gameplay, great story, and even now, great graphics. Additionally, the Directors Cut did a great job of optimizing everything, making the graphics look even better, seamlessly integrating the DLC into the campaign, and generally making what was already a great game a definite all timer.One of the main issues I had with the original version was that, although you are encouraged to craft your Adam Jensen in whatever way suits your gameplay preferences best, when it came to the boss battles, you could easily be completely dominated over and over because they forced you into stand up fights, which dont work well when you are playing a completely stealth build. Even with the OP Typhoons, it was still pretty cheap. What the Directors Cut did is create new areas and program the boss battles a little bit differently so that, should you choose stealth and planning over might and brawn, you could still come out on top. I really appreciated this change above and beyond all the other tweaks and adjustments. It also, by virtue of this fact, increased its replay value by quite a bit.Anyway, I will just leave it here: I have played this game on all platforms, and it has been and always will be one of my favorites. With the new Deus Ex slated for release in the not too distant future (no pun intended), you owe it to yourself to try this one out if you havent already."
,Recommended,238010,25509009,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Skylar,"Deus Ex: Human Revolution is probably my favorite game. I am a type of person who's not into stealth genre. I guess it's because I don't really wanna go through all the crap of finding a way to clear a stage without being seen lol. But this game, this made me love this genre. It made me enjoy the whole gameplay. I didn't realize how fun it is to keep on repeating the same mission, trying to find an alternate route, hiding, and sneaking. I actually felt proud of myself when I got the Ghost achievement wherein nobody saw me while I'm doing one of the missions here. Lol.No boring part on this game. From the main quest up to the side quests, everything is worth doing. I can say that I enjoyed every bit of this game. I didn't know that I can be so patient when it comes to gaming. I remember when I was playing this game a few weeks ago (prolly 20hrs of game time already) I really thought that I'm so close to finishing the game, only to find out that there's a whole lot more to the story. 3x that I felt that I'm so close, but everytime, Deus Ex is giving me another quest after another after another. But don't get me wrong, I really love doing those quests :)So to those who's planning to play this, I assure you, it's worth your money :)"
,Not Recommended,238010,8069430,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,slashz,"Being a cyberpunk nerd, I liked Deus Ex: Human Revolution so much that I was happy to spend money on the Director's Cut to get all the DLC for my second playthrough. Wow, was I disappointed. :(Although the first patch is out the game is still worse than the original. The main thread for complaints in the forum on Steam has listed 151 bugs, of which Eidos currently has fixed 15.If you feel like spending money to feel like a beta tester and ruin a game you like, go ahead."
,Recommended,238010,14416837,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Nerd House,"The original Deus Ex is widely considered to be an iconic game – its scope, ideas, vision... it was ahead of its time, and gaming conventions first seen in the first game have reverberated within the game industry ever since. Seems like a tough act to follow, but Human Revolution has not only managed to be a game that's worthy of the name, but a worthy game. Period.Human Revolution opens with the protagonist, Adam Jensen, being brutally attacked and downright nearly killed as mercenaries invade the headquarters of his employer, Sarif Industries. In Robocop fashion, Jensen is rebuilt and augmented with the latest in biomechanical technology. Jensen doesn't get long to rest though, because six months later, another attack is made on Sarif and he is sent in to handle things. In true series fashion, what starts out as a local terrorist attack spirals wildly into a global adventure as Jensen uncovers the pieces of a global-scale conspiracy to influence the future of humanity.As you would expect, choice is the name of the game. From basic things like whether to do a particular side-quest or not, to conversation options, to what augmentations you want. There's plenty of flexibility when it comes to your choices. Choice even permeates elements like what weapons to take with you, as even with an expanded inventory you can only carry so many weapons at a time and so much ammo. My favorite setup was a pistol and assault rifle combo, customized with silencers so I could maintain stealth, but there's a wide variety of weapons from rocket launchers, to laser guns, crossbows to stun guns, along with various grenade and mines. The pace of combat frequently shifts, and patience is not just a virtue, but is completely a must. Unless you want to try and blaze your way through a level, waiting, watching, and attacking from behind is the order of the day. In the beginning stun weapons are useful for a stealthy take down. There are some sections that force you to go all gun-ho, but usually you can suss these out ahead of time, and prepare accordingly. Sometimes you may not have the right skill-set or augmentation to get by unnoticed, so you will have to fight your way through.The environments are huge, detailed, and full of secrets. The developers sought to ""tell a story"" with the environmental details, and they have succeeded. Looking around in an apartment can tell you an entire story of its occupant without ever hearing a single line of dialogue, and in today's ""in-your-face-obvious"" world of game storytelling, I can't commend Eidos Montreal enough for this. The audio fares equally well, combining a stellar sci-fi score with immersive environmental ambience and sound effects that truly draw you into the world. Combined with the huge amount of detail in the graphics, you have a game that truly creates a place for you to get lost in. The voice acting is solid, though the Asian accents are goofy and borderline offensive at times. Adam Jensen is expertly cast, offering a gritty performance that is equal parts JC Denton and Chris Nolan's Batman. Where the actor truly succeeds, however, is in showcasing that Adam isn't a one-note wonder. He does sarcasm, humor, and compassion equally well, which is something I was worried about before I played the game in its entirety.Playing through Human Revolution, it was hard to find anything truly wrong with it. In terms of technical polish, it was one of the most polished release-builds I'd seen in a while, with few-to-no glaring technical hiccups. The only time where I felt genuine disappointment was in the last area of the game. I won't go into specifics, but unless you've been one of those people who've been trying to blast their way through the game, this last section can be very jarring. Almost uncomfortable. Still, the actual 'ending' ending, apart from a strange boss fight, does really hit home what the game is all about. Personally I felt the ending could have been a bit better and more conclusive in some respects, but the game does set things up so that the choice you have to make at the end really makes you stop and think. Coming from a background of having not played the original Deus Ex (don't hurt me!), I can't comment from a fans perspective. Make no mistake though, franchise fan or not, this is a good game – challenging, addictive, immersive...provided you like stealth-based action – there hasn't been an action/RPG this good in a while.Highly Recommended"
76561198025666928,Recommended,238010,29128945,Posted: 8 January,all,ozamK,"An amazing experience any gamer should witness. I can honestly say I was expecting a very good game from this but it turned out to be a masterpiece.Pros*Great story full of twists and mind♥♥♥♥ moments.*Gameplay combines action,stealth and RPG elements and nails them all.*Characters you will create emotional bonds with.*Top notch voice acting.*Well written, well voiced dialogues.*Choices and the way they effect the world is just crazy.*Replayability.*Makes you question your ethics and morals.Cons*Even though it never bothered me, if you are crazy about graphics some textures may bother you.*Minor bugs here and there.Overall, this is one of the greatest games ever made. And it comes with a very small price too so no reasons to miss it. Now if you excuse me second play through awaits.98/100"
,Recommended,238010,27589403,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,O.J.Russell,"Gave this the ""Game Within a Game"" award! Because it truly is! There are a multitude of in game jobs and challenges that one or two play-throughs aren't even enough to complete this game! Lot's of ""Stealth"" and ""Hacking""! Excellent game to keep you playing for hours! Great story and characters also! And of course, the forever challenging ""Bosses""!"
76561198008416770,Recommended,238010,12620555,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,TTANN,"Absolutely fantastic. The plot of this game is extraordinary. As a writer, I found myself thoroughly enthralled at the building conspiracy within this game. The Director's Cut offers a much better experience than the original release, which I have on console. The combat is fluid and extremely versatile. There are always alternatives to every given situation. If the player wants, he/she can pilot Adam Jensen through the whole game without killing, or even incapaciting, a single person (excluding the three boss fights).   I highly reccommend buying this game, and lose yourself in the rich storytelling that Square Enix delivers in Deus Ex: Human Revolution.And remember...""Everybody Lies."""
,Recommended,238010,7638096,"Posted: 12 November, 2013",all,Hairbautt,"Deus Ex: Human Revolution is an excellent addition to the gaming community that shakes up the traditional genres of gameplay. Deus Ex is essentially an role-playing game (RPG) that utilizes the first-person unless in cover in which the third-person perspective is used for looking over corners. When it comes to combat, it's mostly a cover-based shooter, but those that aren't gunrunners, Deus Ex offers alternatives such as stealth, hacking and social workarounds. While not as diverse as some other open world RPGs, Deus Ex still gives you a satisfying sense of a large environment with multiple avenues of completion and, above all, an engrossing story. The Director's Cut features all the bonus content and revamped mechanics like textures and boss fights."
,Not Recommended,238010,9630283,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,StingingVelvet,"A downgrade, basically.While the new boss options are nice everything else about the Director's Cut is worse than the original. The biggest issue is in looks, where the gold filter has been massively toned down. Even if you disliked the gold however this change disrupts a lot of textures, effects and backgrounds and makes the game look odd in several sections. Also since the game was originally designed around the gold you're suddenly navigating endless grey hallways without much unique about them, which is disappointing. There are also scattered texture glitches, and on my PC the loading stutters are back, though they were originally fixed. In short it looks and performs worse.The DLC being integrated is poorly handled. The silenced sniper rifle is available almost immediately and is way too powerful for the game. The automated unlocking mechanisms are plentiful enough to make investing in the hacking tree much less important than it originally was. The Missing Link add-on mission still resets your augmentations, then the game clumsily gives them back to you at the end along with what you just earned again, making you way overexperienced heading toward the finale.Game design and balance is a tough thing. Throwing in weird overpowered items can throw off this carefully made balance, and changing art styles via a simple processing change can't negate years of work designing the game around a different style. The Director's Cut changes the game in ways detrimental to the intended experience, and even the added boss options feel pasted on to a different skeleton. The best way to play Human Revolution is the original version, and to play the Missing Link add-on separately, as was intended. This version is an added expense for a lesser version."
,Recommended,238010,13532404,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Sweet-Tea,I DID ask for this.
,Recommended,238010,24530615,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Milk Jug,"playing this is like ""i hope this never ends"" but when you beat it somehow that becomes ""thank god its over"""
76561198042646749,Recommended,238010,30810971,Posted: 29 March,all,kris.aalst,"Story, world and atmosphere of the gameInDeus Ex: Human Revolution - Director's Cut(hereafter: 'Deus Ex: HR' for short) you're Adam Jensen, the chief of security for a company that deals in technological augmentations for the human body. The company gets raided by a group of people who are opposed to augmentations and its consequences. You see, society is divided between people who are for augmentations and people who are against them. This leads to tension, protests and full-fledged riots. After the attack on your company, you're heavily wounded and the only way to save your life is to turn you into an augment. After that, you're dispatched to investigate the attack, to find out who's behind it and to stop them from repeating their destructive actions against the company.The game puts you in a futuristic world that's utopian and dystopian at the same time. Technologically it's a very advanced society. But socially, it's in shambles. The developers ofDeus Ex: HRmanaged to create a world where you feel both at home (you're not on a different planet or in a magical fantasy setting) and out of place. The technological advancements you see are impressive enough, compared to the time we live in. It's not just the main idea for the game i.e. the technological enhancement of the human body. The futuristic atmosphere is also created by means of small details like computer screens have no visible edge and they project an image that can be seen from either side of the screen. It all feels 'near future', making it a believable setting.I have to point out that for me personally, the first part of the game that's set in the city of Detroit, felt a bit generic and started to bore me after a while. I even considered quitting the game to play something that's more fun. I'm glad I stuck with it though, because from the last part of Detroit until the end credits rolled, I had tons of fun withDeus Ex: HR. I'm not sure why I got so bored with Detroit. The city feels large but a bit empty. The decor is repetitive: a dozen garbage cans and news stands in every street, a bunch of 'civilians', 'punks' and 'police officers' you can't really interact with, and a lot of buildings of which you can enter only a few. Maybe I still needed to get into the game or maybe it was because Jensen doesn't have a lot of augments (skills) yet at that point. But whatever the reason was, the game got a lot better after Detroit so you may want to know this, in case you feel the same during the first part of the game.GameplayDeus Ex: HRis a first-person stealth action game. But you can play it as a first-person shooter, too, if you decide to take the more aggressive and harder route.Don't get me wrong. Gun combat in this game is certainly enjoyable. There are different types of guns (pistol, revolver, stun gun, assault rifle, sniper rifle, laser rifle, rocket launchers, ...) and there are a few skills to enhance your shooting skills and your defense against opponents. Also, you can systematically upgrade your weapons to really give you an edge. However, in the first part of the game you won't be equipped to survive more than 3 seconds of actual combat, so you'll automatically turn to sneaking and sneak kills, at least partially.The whole sneaking system, which is pretty much the essence ofDeus Ex: HR's gameplay, is exciting and fun, although it can get a bit repetitive. You watch the opponents' patrol routes, pick out one of them, sneak behind him and then push a button on your keyboard/controller to eliminate him silently. You then drag the body out of sight of any remaining patrols or security cameras, move on to the next group of opponents and repeat.Besides sneaking and/or shooting your way through the game, you'll spend a lot of time hacking computers and electronic locks. I think it's too bad the hacking minigame is based on pure luck. You can increase your luck by investing skill points but it always remains a minigame based on luck. There are some consumable items that can make hacking easier, but you'll want to save those for the really difficult hacks. So long story short: you'll be reloading a lot. I would have preferred a minigame that relied on logical thinking or on dexterity to one of pure luck, especially since you'll be playing the hacking minigame a couple of hundred of times.People tag this game 'RPG'. I do notcompletelydisagree with that but it wouldn't be one of -say- five tags I'd put on this game. Yes, you gain experience points for doing stuff but your character doesn't gain levels per se. Every time you accumulate a certain amount of XP you just get a point to spend in a skill tree but you'll get plenty of skill points and it's abundantly clear which skills are good and which aren't, so everyone will end up playing the same character. There is only one personality skill and it's completely superfluous.You're offered some dialogue options during the sporadic conversations in the game, but mostly the result is exactly the same and storywise your choices make no difference at all, nor do they impact what the game world looks like. During the conversations with side quest givers, you can even go through all the conversation options e.g. be a complete prick and ask for a reward from your dead ex-girlfriends' mom for looking into her death, and it changes nothing about the quest,  its reward or the quest giver's attitude towards you.I guess it depends on your definition of 'roleplaying game' but in my book,Deus Ex: HRis a game that may have some vague RPG elements but where 97% is about action and/or stealth. From what I hear it's comparable to Mass Effect 2 & 3 in this regard. If you consider those two games an RPG, then you'll feel thatDeus Ex: HRis an RPG, too.Graphics and soundThe graphics are quite nice. The characters' faces look decent and the animations are lively. After a while though, the techniques that are used to achieve this (like the nodding of the head when any person is talking) become very obvious and the initial feeling of being impressed starts to fade a little.Surroundings and objects are detailed, except for objects in the far distant background (e.g. the city's skyline when you look out of a window) which are low resolution images and look just ugly and out of place. Other reviewers mention this was not the case in the original version of the game, making this even stranger.The voice acting is top notch. My only gripe here is that most of the voices have a slight echo, making it sound like people are always standing in a large room with bad acoustics, even when they're outdoors or in a small room. This is a strange production decision that diminishes the excellent performance of the voice actors a bit, which is a shame. It also ruins immersion because often the voices literally sound out of place.The music is nice, atmospheric and not intrusive. Sound effects are sharp and clean.On Steam's extra featuresDeus Ex: HRhas 9 Steam Trading Cards. You'll get 5 while running the game.The Steam Achievements are varied and challenging. You have the usual unmissable, story-bound achievements. There is also one achievement for each side quest. There are a few interesting optional achievements like 'fully upgrade a weapon' or 'silently take down 100 opponents'. There is one 'collection' achievement for which you need to find a few dozens of items across the game world. And then there are the real challenges like 'play the whole game on hard mode', 'finish the game without killing anyone', 'finish the game without triggering one single alarm', and so on."
76561197972577331,Recommended,238010,26354846,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,nafz,"Epic.  I don't play any games twice, ever.  This one I had to, loved it so much and gameplay was complete different experience the second time around.  I also never write reviews but had to do this as well, simply compelled.  Every time I thought - oh, yep, here is the end - it continued."
,Recommended,238010,23803837,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,龍 Mao,"I never asked for this, but I’m keeping itDeus Ex: Human Revolutionbrought the cult-classic original back into mainstream in 2011, but did it’s changes bring a classic back into it’s heyday?Pros:Great Level Design that incentivizes players to take all sorts of unique routes and playstyles into consideration.An interesting and lively universe with tons of lore scattered across mapsThe game tackles it’s political themes with enough subtlely to keep it engaging and intriguingThe game’s plot is interesting with it’s unique, engaging topics and stellar voice acting.The shooting, RPG mechanics, and stealth, while not all consistent in quality are far more consistent and more polished than the original.The soundtrack helps invoke a dynamic and interesting sci-fi atmosphere. It’s not memorable but it really elevates the game’s quality.Nitpicks:The writing in the game sticks out like a sore thumb. Not terrible but definitely too cheesy and cliche at times.The ending for the game was ungratifying, to say the least. That’s not to say it wasn’t interesting, however.The dialogue isn't as well-written as you'd hope for, but it's still fine.Cons:The Director’s Cut for the game is a horrible mess and excuse of a re-release. Somehow the game is even more buggy and less optimized due to the game using a different build from the one actually used for the game’s original launch, and the game’s presentation looks worse than the original (Somehow?!?!). It also poorly mixes the game’s expansionThe Missing Linkand the final hours of the game suffer from it.The game’s quality takes a huge dive near the end, where the last level becomes a tedious, boring and not rewarding conclusion to the overall game.The bosses in the game suck.The ReviewDeus Ex: Human Revolutionrevitalized the long-gone semi-linear first-person action shooter RPG genre that was widely popular in the early 2000s. In its attempt to bring the cult-classic back it’s made a seemingly cohesive blend of old elements (grid-like inventory system, emphasis on stealth) with new mechanics (aiming down ironsights, emphasis on melee takedowns). Coupled with it’s non-linear level design and it’s huge skill tree of augmentations, it allows so many diverse playstyles to enjoy the game as they see fit.The one thing that sets me back when it comes to the originalDeus Exis that by today’s standards, it feels like a terrible mash of genres where none of the RPG Mechanics, Shooting, or Stealth was actually good but just “good enough.” With a more solid structure, Human Revolution’s Stealth is significantly enjoyable, it’s shooting is stiff but solid overall, and the RPG mechanics are incredibly sharp and do their job well. Design-wise, it took everything about the original in consideration and did it all again with a much more polished execution. It’s not perfect, but it sure as hell pulls off of the ambition of the original and improved it just enough to make it an incredibly addictive and enthralling set of intricately designed game mechanics.Unfortunately, this does not carry on in the game’s boss encounters, which play out as a simple shooting gallery with simplistic strategies and no way to non-lethally defeat them. They’re not only boring and easy, but they flat out go against the open-ended approach the rest of the game takes towards encounters. This is further worsened by the game’s last segment, which just felt like a long shooting gallery that felt like they had to throw out their design philosophies to get the game done at the last second.One of the most striking elements of theDeus Exgames is the universe itself. Through its political themes, diverse landscapes and strikingly relevant messages,Deus Exconnects itself as a possible “What if” scenario for our world today. Although it often shoves it’s themes right up your face too often, it does add enough subtlety and nuance to make it a intelligent and entertaining take on the future.However,Deus Ex: Human Revolution’s writing often ruins this potential with it’s cheesy, often laughably cringey dialogue. Out of all of the major components of the game, the writing itself is the one aspect of the game that seemed as if it didn’t get the touch of intelligence and ingenuity as the rest of the game. However, that definitely doesn’t mean the story isn’t entertaining as hell though. Coupled with a great soundtrack and it’s visually unique art-style,Deus Ex: Human Revolutionoozes atmosphere.Now, you have all of the components of what is basically a really well-crafted experience. However, there’s one major issue I have with the overall package.TheDirector’s Cut. The re-release for this game is mind-bogglingly mismanaged, with it’s poor attempt of integrating the game’s DLC “Missing Link” into the main story and running a buggier, less optimized build of the game. The game’s color palette somehow looks terrible in this version as well. While it’s not a huge deal-breaker, if you already own the original on your account, play that instead of this version.But if that’s not a big deal-breaker, then what are you standing around for? Play this game. You won’t regret it.TL;DR - [Despite it’s shortcomings, Deus Ex: Human Revolution revitalizes and does justice on a cult classic.]Cautiously Recommend if you already own the game, Recommend for everyone else!For more reviews on all sorts of games, followLots' o Giveaway'sgroup curations and reviewshere!"
76561197979253378,Recommended,238010,28549934,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Miyuki,"I'm very impressed with this game.  Great story and gameplay.  Ambiance à la Blade Runner.  Yea yea, it's a stealth game but yet, brute force works fine!"
76561198015166257,Recommended,238010,23313175,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Mister Bulldops,I didn't choose the vent life. The vent life chose me.
76561198057178295,Recommended,238010,12461682,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,alexsteel767,Dues Ex: Human Revolution is an amazing game with moral choices and decisions that change how your game is played out. The Stealthing Mechanics are top notch and each new area presents a new challenge for the ninja or the head on attacker. But remember that you are not a tank like in other FPS games. Remember to use your Praxis wisely as it can be the difference between success and failure.
,Recommended,238010,23572920,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,† James,Convince old friend to let me into the police stationHack all of their stuff anyway
76561198135685425,Recommended,238010,23246251,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,sorawild,"""I never asked for this."" But I still loved it any way.A very thought provoking game. Do you believe that humans should become one with technology?Personally I do, after all ""You can't kill progress."""
,Recommended,238010,33916255,Posted: 30 July,all,spookybacon,you play as robocop on his quest of no gf and its alright
76561197967692485,Recommended,238010,20519136,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,^___^,"As a fan of the oldDeus Ex, it had been a long wait since the early 2000's for a worthy addition to the franchise. Set 25 years before the original,Human Revolutionis a very convincing take on the FPS/infiltration/adventure genre with yet another compelling story whose ramifications deepen as you progress through the game. The numerous characters are supported by a very solid voice acting cast, and the quality of the writing helps create a strong feeling of immersion.The game gives you a degree of freedom in how you handle situations, but in spite of providing you with a vast array of weapons, it greatly rewards stealth and non-lethal takedowns. You are also given multiple choices in how you approach interactions with other characters, and can sometimes persuade them to help you a little more than they were prepared to. As the plot thickens, so does the level design: between the first mission and the later stages of the game, the areas you have to work your way through become more and more complex, and stealth becomes more and more of a challenge.Luckily, progress through the game allows you to upgrade your character's abilities with a simple-yet-rewarding XP system. Will you invest points into your hacking abilities? Enhance your social skills with a body language analyzer? Upgrade your dermal armor in anticipation of unavoidable combat situations? The choice is yours! This system succeeds in giving you more options without ever turning you into an overpowered killing machine. On the highest difficulty setting, combat will always be hazardous as you can die very quickly: all the more reason to go for a stealth-based approach.TheDirector's Cutversion is supposed to offer revamped boss fights (the original ones were an abomination). A commendable effort that is supposed to give you more options, but shooting them in the face remains the most viable one. A more convincing selling point is the integration of the game's only DLC campaign (The Missing Link) into the adventure. Good DLC,bratán- intriguing story elements, good characters and some well-designed new areas to infiltrate will provide for a very welcome extra few hours of gameplay.The Missing Linkalmost makes the final two areas of the game a bit bland in comparaison. The penultimate one feels a lot simpler than what you've just been through, while the last one is simply disappointing - necessary from the story's viewpoint, but entirely forgettable when it comes to gameplay. Nonetheless,Director's Cutis a solid excuse to give this modern classic another go and, why not, get back into theDeus Exuniverse in anticipation ofMankind Divided's release."
76561197974874133,Recommended,238010,22886098,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,fragment90,Great storyDecisions that matterCyberpunk scenarioWhat else do you need?Highly recommended game.
,Recommended,238010,31703456,Posted: 12 May,all,Sermike,"Deus Ex: HR ReviewGraphics:The Game does look a little dated but personally i dont really care that much if everything else is great.The Design of the City, clothing, technological devices everything just puts you greatly into the games atmospehre.The Cutscenes do still look very nice.(8/10)Gameplay:The Gameplay is quite smooth. Movement is non glitchy aiming isnt slow and enemies arent bulletsponges.The Game has amazing stealth gameplay as you  probably can finish the game without killing someone.The Game is challaging too because of inventory managment and ammo managment.(9,5/10)Story:No Spoilers.Very memorable characters, huge plot twist multiple difficult decisions in the game have argumentations in order to get what you want to achieve. Everything in the Story is amazing. (10/10)Performance:Runs Very smooth even on a cheap laptop (intel i5 , hd 5500) and on the 760 or 1070 you will get perfect framerates.No crashing in my playthroughs. (9/10)Price:Mostly around 5 Euros/Dollars when on Sale.Worth for what an amazing game this is.This is a Worthy Game to the Original Deus Ex.Recommended to anyone who like deep stories cyberpunk and technology"
,Recommended,238010,34523856,Posted: 27 August,all,AG3nT_5W4GG3R,"TBH I played a pirated release of this game for the first 2 times, loved the story so much and bought this game in sale. It's my favorite game by far as I enjoyed every hour spent in-game and never got bored.Pros :+ Good story-line+ Choices which have consequences+ Side missions which tell you something extra about the story+ Lots of Character customizations+ Music+ Good lengthCons :- Low ammo (not a con but still I felt its low for the 1st time)NOTE : I didn't play previous parts in the series but still I haven't felt I might have missed something while playing Deus Ex : HR"
,Recommended,238010,25311619,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Wicked,"I will love you Megan, beeing human or augmentedThis game is one my all time favoritesWhen I saw Square Enix have fingers in, I knew its goodThe game was released 25th october 2013 ( im writing in 2016, 3 years after) game costs 20 eurosPositive side of game:+pretty long game took me 34 hours to finish main story+lot of side quests+pretty big decent world+storyline is great, you wont know truth till end+voice acting is great job+Deus ex offers more gaming styles from beeing pacifist, ghost or beeing full predator and kill everyone+if you choose go predator go silently, cause weapons do a lot damage to you+weapon upgrades (damage, lasers, silencer etc.)+Adam upgrades ( invisibilty cloak, silent running, taking no damage from jump from building)+map is kinda unique you cant get lost, if you do just check a map you will find wayNegative side of game:-if guards find body of other guard which ""u took care of him"" they will look for you little time and then just move like nothing happened ( its not a bad thing actually but it would be more challenging if they look always when body was found)-If you hunt the pacifist achievement I suggest dont touch the guard, not even to put em to sleepOverallDeus Ex: Human Revolution - Director's Cut is good long game, challenging in some ways and it worth 20 eurosThank you Square Enix for this"
,Recommended,238010,13130665,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Desolutional,"A truly gripping story with beautiful narrative. All RPG elements are played to their greatest strengths and the gameplay is exciting, but equally gripping. The moment of shock when you realise you can't takedown that patrolling enemy, then you realise that you can also sneak past them through a hidden shortcut. This game truly keeps strong to the style of Deus Ex AND I WANT A SEQUEL. YOU HEAR ME?"
,Recommended,238010,10697085,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,RoboticSun,"Just some remarks for the DE:HR director's cut edition. First, the integration of missing link into the main game is very smooth which makes it a better game as a whole. And some game mechanics are re-worked for example energy cell and enemy AI. Right now Enemy will notice you more easily and Jensen can regenerate two energy cells except the highest difficulty level.  The overhauled boss fights will allow more tactical approaches. The new level designs for those boss battles are quite interesting although I felt it's still easier to blaze your guns through. Overall this game is a very good if not the best action/role-playing games in recent years. Stealth/action/RPG lovers should try the game and the older players should get this upgrade too."
76561198008435886,Recommended,238010,25249591,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Saviour of Half-Life,"+Good Story+Fantastic Stealth+Nostalgia for Deus Ex fans+EVERYTHING is in the director's cut, including the pre-order bonus (Explosive Pack) and Missing Link DLC (the stand alone DLC)+This game is a challenge, even on normal-Can crash (infrequent yet annoying)-Some (funny) visual bugs with clipping and Jenson hugging people to death-A bit of an anti-climactic final mission (I think the ending as a whole is fine however)Overall, this game is a steal in the sales (where I bought my copy for under £5) and for anyone interested in this game there is no question in whether or not you should buy it."
76561197965452473,Recommended,238010,27496795,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Ordiablo,"Everything that the first one did right, and none of the missteps from the second.I've played through several times, using different playstyles (stealth/pacifist, stealth/kill, stealth/hacker, assault) and I'm still amazed that there's something new to be found each time. It's been a long while since I've played anything with this kind of replay value. The Director's Cut revamping of the boss encouters only further boosts this gem into legendary status. I have no problem holding this up with the best games of all time! Well done!"
,Recommended,238010,24982799,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Hub3rtu2,"Not many developers can pride themselves in making a modern sequel to an all-time classic and not screwing it up completely. Even less can put out a game that lives up to the huge hype that surrounded it, and boy, what hype it was (remember the fetus teaser? concept art in The Nameless Mod?).These guys did the impossible, the game is almost on par with the original in my opinion.Eidos Montreal nailed it perfectly, surely not without some shortcomings that usually come with console ports (simplified UI, resource limitations) and time constraints (rushed ending, outsourced bosses). Its strongest point is how it feels like a genuine love letter to the best game ever created, they knew exactly which elements were the most important to implement into the new game and how to do it with a modern touch (the good kind), hell, they even got the (bad) voice acting right in some places! To the point that the locations are almost beat by beat based on archetypes of the ones from the original game, which some could see as a detriment, I didn't mind it that much, because there was enough new ""cyber-renaissance flavor"" to mask it. Unfortunately there were also some places cut, like India or Upper Hengsha.What has buggered me the most about the story though, is that it didn't match the level of worldbuilding the first one had, focus was shifted hard onto transhumanism, often felt like everything was revolving around it most of the time, forgetting about the usual people stuff and foreign affairs, the in-game books didn't flesh out these topics as good as the books (and even some conversations with NPCs) did in the original. More locations would have probably remedied that, but they were cut. What a shame.Of course it didn't lack ideas of its own, like the brilliant ""social boss fights"", the hacking minigame or amazing interior design of the offices, labs and various other places, as well as the atmosphere of city hubs, accompanied by a great ambient soundtrack. I also quite enjoyed the focus on media in one of the chapters, a nice little springboard from the constant augmentation debate, there just wasn't enough conspiracy stuff for my taste. I loved the Alex Jones-like radio DJ.Overall, it's the best Deus Ex sequel we could (not) have asked for, and it's really the best sequel that I have ever played.As for the Director's Cut edition: I didn't mind the♥♥♥♥♥♥filter that much, wish there was an option to toggle it, in fact I think it masked the blurry textures pretty well. Combat boss fights are actually fun now, with new tools to deal with them on-site. The Missing Link DLC is quite lengthy with interesting level design, where each conversation and the action you take has an impact on later stages of the DLC, really cool stuff that they could experiment with, without worrying about time constraints, and on top of that it has a good sidestory behind it that ties into the main story.The ""making of"" video is pretty cool, but the main feature that makes Director's Cut worth buying is the commentary thatI highly recommendchecking out once you play through the game once or twice, it's really interesting and very funny. You can't not notice how passionate they were about it, the commentary discusses a lot of content that was cut, as well as design choices, inspirations behind the concept art and a lot of other very subtle stuff that you probably missed the first time around, and some you'd probably never thought of. One thing I didn't get is why did they remove the photos of devs from the ending credits, those really made the ""passion project"" vibe that much more authentic.Now, Deus Ex ""predicted"" 9/11 right? While replaying Human Revolution in 2016, I got a funny feeling about the anti-""fascist police state"" riot group, funded by global elites and supported by the mainstream media pushing an agenda.Just a funny feeling..."
,Recommended,238010,21863137,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Rossi1911,My stealth playthrough in a nutshell:1. Quick save2. Stealthily non-lethal takedown every enemy to maximize XP.3. Hack everthing even though I have the code.If step 2 & 3 fail -> quick load.10 / 10 waiting for Mankind Divided.
,Recommended,238010,22557831,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Spoony Bard,The most interesting story in all modern games- this time with the DLC placed in sequentially. Conspiracy theories make for great entertainment. Absolutely no legitimate reason for you to not play this.
,Recommended,238010,35191969,Posted: 24 September,all,Swellelegant Mc. Thicc Thighs,I never asked for this to be one of my most played games in my library...But I'm certainly not complaining. Excellent job bringing a cult classic into the mainstream and updating/streamlining the gameplay.
,Recommended,238010,8214028,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Ace of Spades,I asked for this.
,Recommended,238010,23267533,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Revenge of Newton,"Deus Ex is one of the best rpgs in modern times. It's a mature story about the nature of one's humanity, technological progress, and the evolution of our capitalist society towards dystopia. The stealth is fun, if a bit forced. The director's cut has some performance issues, but it wasn't much if a problem. I give this a full recommendation, especially with the sequel coming out this year."
,Recommended,238010,7786127,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Falem,"IntroWhere to start? Cyber punk games are really interesting because of the philosophy of the cultures. The factions of people who are for augmentations and those who are against it because they think its inhuman to do and against nature itself. A society always questioning the benefits and tradeoffs of disregarding some of your flesh in order to speed ahead of those around you in competitive areas.Dynamic Design+ Dynamic Navigation from point to point+ Upgrades contribute to navigationGame is very dynamic with many interesting ways to get from Point A to Point B. The way you move around the environment depends up to you and what upgrades you get. The stealth in the game is great, and so are the ways you can sneak past enemies or use an object in order to lure them away from their defensive post.Bosses+ Multiple ways to take down bossesThe bosses in Director's cut actually have multiple ways to take them down instead of just shooting and running and more shooting. You can actually use hacking and stealth to take down your enemies and there is various different ways to do it. This was a huge improvement over the original game and the main flaw it ""used"" to have now this game is easier to recommend thanks to the upgrade.ConversationsThe conversations are very interactive and can be quite hard at first to get what you want from the characters, however it feels really rewarding when you do smooth talk them into it.ConclusionOverall i would say this is a very unique stealth game with  a great story."
,Recommended,238010,17625558,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Bubblegum,"INTRODUCTIONDeus Ex: Human Revolutionis acyberpunk-themed first-person action role-playing stealthvideo game developed byEidos Montrealand published bySquare Enixin2013, it is the third game in the Deus Ex series, and a prequel to the original game released in 2000.GAMEPLAYAs Adam Jensen, you are taking main, missions and side missions, if you choose (you can’t get back to finish side quest if you already finished the main missions). Missions allow you the freedom to complete them according to your preferences: You can choose to infiltrate a building with lethal or non-lethal means, to sneak around and never engage the enemy or to use hacking and turn existing security features to your side. From the outset, you're given all of the tools — guns, a takedown move (in both lethal and non-lethal flavors) and the skills to hack into systems — and let loose into the world.You also have choices when it comes to your skills and abilities. You earn ""praxis points"" by gaining XP from main quests and side quests, which are good for spending on the ""augmentations"" you'd like. Earning XP has a lot more different minor ways — you’ll be more interested to explore more through secret paths to gain traveler/explorer/pathfinder XP and using non-lethal take down to your enemies to earn expedient and merciful XP really brings this game to the more maximum stealth game. There are abilities associated with each kind of play style — stealthy upgrades like a limited-time invisibility cloak (which I think is the most important skill that is super helpful to pass through guards waves, lasers, cameras, robots and etc. like a ghost if you like to play with non-lethal style), thicker skin for the pugilistic, hacking skills and etc.This emphasis on choice — along with often brilliant level and mission design — makes playing Human Revolution a powerful experience. I went into missions tense, worked my way through waves of guards, talk and investigating people with people like a detective and challenges methodically and always felt satisfied by my progress. Human Revolution made me feel like a smart genius resourceful spy.PERFORMANCEThe game draws remarkable atmosphere between the sterility of the corporate world and the grit of the city with its cyberpunk, transhumanism, futuristic style. Office interiors feature clean lines and metallic surfaces; in trash-street corners, the sewer, the homeless huddle around flaming barrels for warmth.  It all comes back to that gold and that black. The color combination rivals teal and orange for its known visual appeal, but the color palette's impact goes beyond its attractiveness. In China, the term ""black gold"" refers to political corruption and corporate greed, key narrative elements in Human Revolution. The colors recall the brightness of modern machinery and the darkness of Detroit's alleyways, and evoke the works of Botticelli and Da Vinci, who ushered in a renaissance, just as David Sarif hopes to lead the world into a new era of enlightenment. There is so much meaning in this single detail.GAME TIPSAlways take a cover! — Combined with the stealth augmentation can provide with some excellent flanking maneuversUpgrades! — Look for weapons upgrades or buy them. Remember to focus on upgrades that would help you not only offensively, like Recoil Reduction, but also defensively such as Dermal Plating.Carry around other weapons along with extra ammo; you never know what upgrades you may find for your extra weapons or what kind of situation you would need it for.Unlock Cloak System to give you temporary invincibility. It’s the most useful praxis in my opinion. It will let you pass undetected from guard waves and all the security systems such as camera, lasers gate, robots, turrets and etc. It will help you to earn extra 500 XP if you can get through the wave undetectably in each missions.Drink alcohol! — Whiskey, vodka, beer, spirits, and etc. I only know that alcohol drink in this game is to increase your health capacity almost in the end of the game. It’s kinda odd in that way but it’s cool and unique.Try to use the vent as often as possible, it sometimes leads you directly to the mission point and remain undetected as well as without needs to look for the security gate password to pass.REPLAYABILITYMight be sometimes will get it try with the “Give me Deus Ex” difficulty (hardest). Moreover, they have four different endings ! And you will unlock new game+ after you ended the game. Surprisingly, Deus Ex: Human Revolution is one of the best ending game ever made.VERDICT8.8/10In addition, as the newbie in Deus Ex series, which Deus Ex: Human Revolution is my first Deus Ex series game; I’m eagerly looking forward with the upcoming sequel of Deus Ex: Human Revolution,Deus Ex: Mankind Dividednext year, 2016. Moreover the main character name is almost similar with my name. Jensen <> Jhonson. It’s a pleasure when they are calling Jensen in the game. It’s like I’m interacting with them directly. Oh yeah~"
,Recommended,238010,28584827,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,lexmechanic40k,Excellent game. The story is deep and engaging. A lot of little side easter eggs and world setting stuff all throughout the game. The choices you make feel like they have an impact on the world and the character. One of the best games that I've played.
76561198029691323,Recommended,238010,26783334,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,igel2005,"One of my favorite games, and one I wholeheartly recommend.I completed the game a few times and had fun each time."
,Not Recommended,238010,8584546,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,HeXetic,"A pale shadow of the original, DX:HR's troubles aren't its mediocre gameplay or poor game design. It's the story, and the story's presentation. The original game introduced the villains quickly, and always kept them -- and their motivations -- just inside the shadows, giving players a delight in discovering the depths of their schemes. HR's villains are either so deep in the darkness that their motivations, even at the end of the game, are inscrutable and their methods obscure, while others are so front-and-centre that they border on the comical. Even the cast of protagonists flail about like marionettes, their strings being clumsily pulled to and fro by the writers with no idea of how to tell a compelling story.The out-of-touch boss fights are the most direct merging of the bad story-telling with the poor gameplay, and the ""alternative stealthy solutions"" to those fights in this Director's Cut edition boil down to nothing more than some hackable turrets or sentries with which to gun down the bosses, clumsily added to levels without even bothering to update the minimap for the new level areasIt's true that you can choose to shoot, hack, subdue, or sneak, but the game clearly favours sneaking, hacking, and subduing, with massive XP loss if you fail to hack every terminal (even when you know the password!), search every vent, and knock out every guard. Do all this, and the XP rewards ensure you will be a veritable God by the endgame, invulnerable to the pathetic attempt at shock and horror in the final level.No matter how you choose to play Adam Jensen in the game, he will never be as stupid or as incompetent as he is in the cutscenes, which serve to ham-handedly enforce idiotic plot twists. And whereas the original gave three interesting solutions to humanity's future, with different, equally valid reasons to select, presented by different, generally equally likeable characters, offering differing mission challenges, and brief, direct, and meaningful conclusions, this game gives us a choice of four buttons to press in the final room, followed by vague philosophical meandering to a vague montage that wouldn't look out of place on a YouTube conspiracy video.Long story short: The gameplay is disappointing and the story is not compelling. It's a mediocre ride at best, and does a disservice to the Deus Ex name."
76561197993381156,Recommended,238010,22911674,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Keeper-Outcast,"Let's get something out of the way first: human Revolution is a masterpiece, plain and simple. It became an instand classic and a must play, and frankly- quite deservengly so.With that being said, it still has some minor issues.HR is a prequel to the first Deus Ex, taking place 25 years before the first title of the series. The setting probably, is the strongest part of the game: it's art direction, music, visual representation and overall style are simply breathtaking. It is worth playing, simply to experience all of it.The gameplay is reminiscent of the first Deus Ex with 2 significant changes:1.Chest hight wallsYes, I am afraid that trends of modern gaming didn't pass HR completely by, so get ready to shoot people from behind cover. While shooter part is diminished by ever present chest hight cover, the stealth part is actually enhanced- it is extremely convenient to be able to see behind corners, and plan your approach accordingly.2.Level designWhile Deus Ex provided HUGE open ended areas, with a lot of freedom, HR' s levels look more like corridors. We are still able to choose from a verity of approaches, (vents, breakable walls, sewers and so on), but the illusion of freedom of movement has been diminished somewhat. We are still however have an absolute freedom in game play aspect of problem solving: stealth or  direct approach, lethal or non lethal, guns or melee  takedowns.The story  itself I will break into 3 parts: plot, setting, and  philosophical context.1.The setting.Simply amazing. Frighteningly realistic, it menages to build a bridge between our reality and the bleak  dystopian future of the first Deus Ex. Geo-political disputes, ethically bankrupt  corporations, shadow governments and rampant abuse of technology create a world almost as believable as it is repulsive.2.Philosophical contextHR's main focus is on  transhumanism and the plethora of questions around it: The ethics of human augmentations, self controlled human evolution and the line between the man and the machine.3.The plotThe weakest link in HR. While the plot itself is serviceable, characters don't  have arks, motivations are lacking, and  by the end the plot runs out of steam, disconnecting you from the story and characters completely.The missing Link DLC included in the director's cut provides about 2 hours of gameplay and indeed  enriches the story, but itself consists of nothing but straight corridors with even less freedom to explore.In conclusion: A masterpiece. Highly recommended."
76561198128282581,Recommended,238010,22854984,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Charles Stiles Mystery Diners,"An excellent RPG set in an amazing looking cyber punk future, this game is a great deal of fun, with excellent combat, story, stealth and replayability."
76561198003969163,Recommended,238010,32854773,Posted: 27 June,all,Mutto,"İt's a good game. But, sometime hacking be trouble. And if cant gave enough point hacking skills, you may not complete many side quest, which i hate that.But, i enjoy this game."
,Recommended,238010,26260963,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Deathrose47,Reading emails has never been so fun
76561197975424290,Recommended,238010,29638957,Posted: 1 February,all,Cagan,"Amazing game... The details, the graphics, the storyline, 0 bugs/glitches throughout the whole gameplay. I recommend this game to all.I am a big thief fan, so it is hard to find a game that you can sneak till the end of the game instead of going guns blazing. The storyline and voice actors were also amazing. Not a single negative comment I can think about this game."
,Not Recommended,238010,7912789,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Jackal Frost,"Huge regression for support of Eyefinity, lots of graphical changes you may or may not like, but I can't play this until they fix Eyefinity, the original supported it just fine, no reason it wouldn't work here too.Don't buy until they fix."
,Recommended,238010,15410999,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Lunaril,"I enjoy games with an interesting story, such as; Mass Effect, Bioshock, Various Final Fantasy games, and more. Deus Ex: Human Revolution ranks up there with them, as the kind of game where the story is so compelling, you want to delve further into the world and learn all about it. It has all the classic aspects of a good RPG, Interesting Characters, side quests, even emails on hundreds of computers throughout the game, some with easter eggs, others with stories all their own. This is a game you can enjoy for hours, play through a second or third time and make different choices for a different ending. I am excited to see where this franchise heads in future games, but for now this is a title I whole-heartedly recommend!"
,Recommended,238010,10363793,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,┐( ´ー｀)┌,"stole a refrigerator from someone's apartment and threw it at other people. great game, 10/10"
,Recommended,238010,32806888,Posted: 26 June,all,JACKHAMMER,"""You asked for this!""Masterpiece. Just this word. This game is a total masterpiece. From story to gameplay to music to everything, this game is A grade. The immersive story, the intact gameplay, the spot on music make this game worth everything. The element of choice is one up. Either be stealthy, totally unseen, a ghost or go in guns blazing, being an unstoppable force, both with the help of your augments. One can play this game over and over again and never get bored. A must have."
,Recommended,238010,30050095,Posted: 19 February,all,Jackkel Dragon,"It's years late and on a different product version than the original release, but this game deserves a positive review enough that it's better late than never.Deus Ex: Human Revolution is a prequel to the original Deus Ex, taking place almost 30 years before the events of that game and about 10 years before the creation of the primary antagonist faction in that game. Mechanical human augmentation has changed how people view humanity, leading to the revolution of human ability. However, corporations that are more powerful than governments vie for dominance and secret societies try to have their way with the masses. Adam Jensen, an ex-SWAT that now works for a biotech corporation, is forcibly augmented by his employer after an attack that leaves him wounded and many of the scientists he was meant to protect dead. In trying to find why his company is being targeted, Jensen begins to unravel a global conspiracy to control augmentation technology and humanity itself.Human Revolution brings about a number of changes to the Deus Ex formula to bring it closer to what the audiences of 2011+ expect from games, such as regenerating health and bioenergy (to an extent) and a 3rd-person cover system. But it's still Deus Ex at its core, allowing multiple solutions to almost every problem. You can sneak past almost every enemy using cloaking and alternate pathways, fight them with a variety of lethal and non-lethal methods, hack security systems, or try to talk your way out of problems.A few flaws to point out: In the original 2011 release, boss fights required you to use combat to succeed (and the 4 original bosses will die even if you try to be non-lethal). This version introduces a few new ways to succeed, but not every build will be able to access these alternate methods, so be ready to have 3-4 tough fights, just in case. In addition, the integration of The Missing Link into the full game means that you'll have your augs reset near the end of the game. You'll get back your praxis points (and a few extra), but it can be jarring to those used to the original release. (Be sure to grab your gear before ending that mission, after you get your praxis back, or it will be lost!)The story of the game focuses on transhumanism just as much as the conspiracy, and brings up a lot of important topics that are gaining relevance in our own world. The story examines what it means to be human when people can replace their flesh-and-blood body parts with better, mechanized versions. The conspiracy and its primary members will be familiar to those who played the original game, but there are enough new faces to keep from confusing new players with the call-forwards to Deus Ex. While the story often leaves the player begging for answers just as much as Jensen is, much of the conspiracy is explained, either in the story scenes, ambient conversations, or emails. The game comes to a final confrontation with the conspirators in a climactic ending level, though the final boss fight isn't built up very well (even with the additional plot hooks in The Missing Link). The endings are ultimately canned monologues based on who you sided with in the final level and your playstyle (lethal, non-lethal, or mixed), but they cover a number of important philosophical themes relating to the game.Lovers of modern FPS or RPG games, or anyone who enjoys cyberpunk, Deus Ex, or the ""immersive sim"" style of solution-finding gameplay should find something they enjoy in Human evolution. With 15-25 hours of content (depending on optional objectives and playstyle), there's lenty of game to play. A worthy first game in the revival of the Deus Ex series."
76561198042065849,Recommended,238010,10143004,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Dr. Fran,"In short: wow! What a phenomenal game, and it sure did not disapoint my expectations either! Keep in mind, I have have only played the director's cut edition, so I will be basing my review on that version alone.Let's begin:Aesthetics 8.25/10The game looks very good, and the unique orangeish-hue scifi color is obviously present as well. The soundtrack was composed by a person that has receieved great appraisal, Micheal McCann. The music fits a very diverse set of locations, ranging from the iconic chinese jingles in Shanghai to futuristic stealthpumping action music. The game knows it's setting well, and shows it. The voice acting is great, but the lip-sync is kind of awkward and the animations for various npc's are reused over and over again, if you can overlook the usual shrugs by the females, then you'll be dandy.Controls 9/10The controls are near perfect for Deus Ex. Besides the usual flip flaps and glitchy control support, the game on keyboard and mouse is perfection.Story/Characters 9/10Words cannot describe the masterpiece that is the story, however the characters are somewhat bland, excluding Jensen. The story revolves around an augmented spec that works for a tech-company. As the game progresses, we see the various changes that have effected the world due to human augmentation. The game plays with the minds of the scientific illititerate, so as long as you have some standing knownledge of the original sequel to the game, you might get slightly lost.Gameplay 8.50/10The game is around 35-50 hours of gameplay. Not too long and not too short, a perfect margin. The game will try to force you to stick to stealth, however. As it does not condone nor reward you for killing people, you don't want to be a bad apple. The stealth system is so much fun, it's actually better than most stealth games actually! The hacking mini games are unique in the start of the game, but if you max out the hacking skill early on, it get's boring late-game. Lastly, the RPG system is a bit flawed, but  it does reward exploration. If you like to explore, you'll be treated to some augpoints.Final Verdict 9.30/10The game deserves the praise it is recieved. Buy the game, it's cheap and if you're into scifi and dystopian-esque societities, this is for you.TL;DR: Robo-Cop"
,Recommended,238010,17727038,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Whiteswart,"Well-made remix of the original Deus Ex, presenting beautifully crafted backstory and solid, entertaining gameplay. It is wise, it is made of nothing but best efforts and good intentions. A brilliant of the game. I see truth in every sane positive review, in every high mark that title got. Superb stuff, which is worth every penny.Yet, I’m not satisfied with it. For some reason, I feel that game is too tied to the past, to be something I call cyberpunk.Deus Ex Human Revolution has everything I could only ask from cyberpunk game. It calls itself so. But that’s a lie. Not completely, of course. You know, the standard definition for cyberpunk sounds like “Hi tech. Low life”, and that’s that we see a plenty in our game. But I’ve got another quote for you, from our precious W. Gibson: “The world has never had so many moving particles and so few labels for them”.I think the label “cyberpunk” is not fitting Deus Ex HR completely, because it is way too caring about what’s going on, in a global meaning. It is way too conscious for an action game. And it is praising a human life so high, that it makes me sick sometimes. In Hengsha events, to be precise. And even worse – in that embedded, crushed into the flesh of the original game, DLC Missed Link. I know I’m facing the bad guys, who are not caring about human lives at all. Why should I care for their lives? I don’t know. But all those bonuses to Exp points, all those achievements like Pacifist or Factory Zero, all the given pre-history of my protagonist Adam Jensen, insisting I should leave them be. And that leaves a mark.Okay, I know that does not convince you about my point. Have another: the creators of Deus Ex HR were too attached to the original Deus Ex of the year 2000, to create really new game. I understand them, surely: were they too innovative, and all those fans would destroy a game’s name in the media, made a lower metacritic score, and that would be a disaster, of course. But again, cutting off  something new and of hi tech because someone cares and could dislike you – does it sounds cyberpunk to you? For me, it’s  plain and pure conservatism there.So many good things in this game:1) brilliant level design, there you always have the choice of routes, for every tactic you would like, would that be stealth, assault, some kind of “social engineering”, or mix of those.2) Delightful hacking mini game and all interactions with computers in general. It is certainly quite natural and adding much of context in the game. Wish we had something like that in the new Shadowrun series...3) Speaking of context, I also enjoyed the level of detail through all the game. For example, when I suddenly decided to kill some merks on my second walkthrough, I couldn’t find their leader later in the game. Because he was expecting me, for one, and was feared that I won’t spare him, secondly. Damn right he was! Funny thing was  that I remember in my first trip when I knocked him off, I was deciding, whether to kill him, or leave him be… and obeyed the Pacifist rule, to get an achievement.4) Not only every situation in the game could be untied in various styles. There are some options which I believe was not even predicted by the designers! Like: there are two guards and turret. I can crouch behind guards, but if I want to deal with them, to have clear backside, I need to deal with turret first. I can switch it off, but guards will notice me doing so. I can sneak behind the turret and shove her into a corner, where it can’t be a problem anymore. But once I just picked that turret and threw it into the guards. And knocked them both by that throw! Pure luck, I guess.5) Music is nice, I still have some of soundtrack in my playlist. Voicing is gorgeous, can’t wish for better. All the visuals part is good, even if some details are look exactly like in the first Deus Ex.Bads list is small:1) Even with all good effort on details, there are some very generic elements which I can’t tolerate, like the looks of offices, office decks and, worst of all, damned faxes everywhere! Oh, why?2) Implementation of the “Missing Link” dlc in the middle of the base game is furies me. I really don’t think this was a good idea, and good implementation. I like that dlc the way it was. It reminds me of the Sleeping Dogs Definitive edition, where they messed all the fun both from the game AND dlc stuff by implementing it.3) That game takes too much effort “to make it right”, in Pacifist way. It is so persistent with that “what’s right” thing, even (especially) in the endings… I can’t bear it. The game supposed to be multiplexed, fit every approach… but no, all that freedom of choice is something of illusion. I know people who like Dishonored more, for their choices make a bigger difference in the end. Me? I prefer Alpha Protocol.Overall mark 8.99/10, for the amount of work, and with handsel to the next game, which, as I knew already, will do better.NB: check this article:http://ludo.mwclarkson.com/2011/10/adam-jensen-dmpd/"
,Recommended,238010,12136698,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Sofi,"This game is amazing from the depth to the unique approach to combat. You have all the skills to be a badass but it takes a skilled player to use them. What i love most about this game is the depth of the storyline. Most games these days are hack-and-slash or cliche military operations, but this one is way more personal than your standard operation. The customization and upgrade for your armor and weapons are really nice as well as the interface. I HIGHLY recommend people who love 1st person shooters to place this game, a great experienece!"
76561198004527850,Not Recommended,238010,8216237,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Earth Rester,"This is the first review I have written, and the only reason I feel the need to write it is to warn people not to get this game. I own the first one, but not the DLC. The idea of getting the whole thing in a bundle plus some new features seemed like a great deal since they cut off a percent of the price for people who own the original. Little did I know that when I started it up that the performance would be complete garbage! Nothing but stuttering, frame rate issues, and to be perfeclty honest...it's ugly as sin! I'm sure there is more content in this package, but I'm never going to get to see it because I cant bring my self to play through the tutorial."
,Recommended,238010,7735368,"Posted: 24 November, 2013",all,Razalhague,"Even though flawed, DX:HR manages to capture many of the aspects that made the original Deus Ex great.The Director's Cut is a fairly small, but still significant improvement over the regular DX:HR."
,Recommended,238010,29732356,Posted: 5 February,all,TheDisableBore,"An immersive, somewhat deep in gameplay and open-ended FPS RPG involving conspiracy, international conflict, human dilemmas, spying people's emails, choice and dialogue making, crawling in every vent on a bulding to avoid the same looking guards, playing a stupid hacking minigame, spending adequate timeto stealthly and skillfully for a no lethalkilling everything that moves and checking every corner for the two or three items you actually use in your playstyle to then watch 480p-tier prerendered cinematics."
,Recommended,238010,7832141,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Dactrocki,"First, I have to admit, I'm sucker for dystopian types of worlds. Even though I wouldn't like to live in them, but I do love to play in those kind of realities.Because of that, I love Deus Ex! A world where humanity is loosing it's touch, a new breed of humans is taking over the world, countries falling apart. Corporations and secret societies controling media and there for controling poplation...+ Atmosphere+ Story+ Voice of Adam Jensen-Few minor bugs"
,Recommended,238010,12322887,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Interactive Civilian,"Deus Ex: HR is a really good game for the most part, and the improvements made to the Director's Cut, like the alternate means of fighting boss fights, definitely add to this. Whether you want to run and gun or you want to sneak around and not be seen by anyone in the entire game, or anything in between, there are a lot of ways to play the game. And it's pretty fun, though you may find that some parts drag a bit.Only two minor annoyances:1.) The switching between FPS and 3PS as you move into and out of cover can be jarring. Honestly, I rather wish they'd made the whole game 3rd person, or at least offered it as an option.2.) Character animations are often weird and jerky during cut-scenes; it's like they were trying to have the characters make emphatic gestures with their dialogue but just didn't pull it off very well.Other than those very minor things, everything else is pretty good. The story is enjoyable, the environments can be interesting, the combat is solid, the voice acting is acceptable. A game worth getting. Or, in the case of those who already own the non-director's-cut version, worth the few bucks to upgrade to this version."
76561197961201089,Not Recommended,238010,8585938,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,ShameOnU,"The director's cut version of Deus Ex 3 is quite disappointing, there's VERY little difference from the original, it has the DLC ""The missing link"" incorporated in the game, but the difference from playing the original and then playing the DLC at the same point it is inserted here is none. The director's cut claims changed boss-fights, which would've been really nice, since they were one of the major weak points of DX:HR, but unfortunately what they've changed is equivalent to an afternoon's worth of work for 1 developer. All in all, quite the disappointment, tho still a marginal improvement(emphasis on marginal) on the original. In my opponion not worth the money."
,Recommended,238010,26477735,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Yveexx,"This is one of the best games I have ever played. The game allows you to choose many ways to achieve your goals and is filled with hidden areas. Usually, I am not interested in exploring a game completely, but with Deus Ex: HR I really wanted to read all emails, hack all doors and so on.Someone stated that the story in this game is ""too good"", and I really wondered how that could be. But now I agree; although the world in this game is much more technologically advanced than the current real world, most, if not all, things in this game could become real in the future. Combined with the smart dialogues and options therein, this makes the game great and engaging. Highly recommended to anyone who likes action or stealth games!"
,Recommended,238010,18451813,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,ABG,"""Transhumanism (abbreviated as H+ or h+) is an international cultural and intellectual movement with the goal of fundamentally transforming the human condition by eventually developing and making widely available technologies to greatly enhance human intellectual, physical, and psychological capacities.""The 3rd entry to the Deus Ex franchise, Deus Ex: Human Revolution is a cyberpunk themed stealth RPG. Developed by Eidos Montreal, the original Deus Ex is considered one of the most influential games of all time, pioneering on player choice, RPG mechanics and stealth. With all this said, Human Revolution has quite a bit to live up to as part of the Deus Ex series. Prior knowledge to the Deus Ex series is not required to play Human Revolution, apart from a few nods and easter eggs to the original game, you can safely play Human Revolution without knowledge of the first. So how does Human Revolution stand on its own?Set in 2027, 25 years before the events of the first game, the world is on the brink of a human revolution. Augmentations, human enhancements that allow people to improve themselves through the use of cybernetic limbs, neuroenhancements bionic eyes. Humans are now able to improve themselves through augmentation technology, some simply using it to replace a lost leg or fading vision, while some augment themselves into super-humans, replacing their limbs with cybernetic ones, turning themselves into more machine than man. Multinational corporations now have more control over the people than their governments (sounds like the world today), from the rise of augmentation technology. But not all organizations support the notion of humanity reaching beyond their limits through augmentation technology.One one side there are those who see augmentation as the next step for humanity, allowing mankind to break free of their natural limits and using augmentation as the next step for human evolution. On the other side are the ""anti-aug"" or ""pro-human"" groups, who fear the ethics of augmentation, and the power it can give to augmented individuals, believing humanity should never have that power. Deus Ex: Human Revolution has done an excellent job of presenting the augmentation debate into a coherent and believable story. The game presents many overarching themes, such as the ethics of transhumanism, human survival, poverty, the power organizations have over people, and most importantly, questioning what it means to be human. It can sound all pretentious on paper, but Human Revolution at no point feels like it is trying to be more than it is not. Do humans lose part of themselves when they replace their limbs with cybernetic prosthetics, even when it may give them a better life? Is a person that is more machine than man still a human being? The game asks these questions but does not give any answers, instead allowing the player to form their own opinion.This cannot all have been done without the fantastic effort gone into the world building of Deus Ex. All characters you meet have something to say on the argument, whether they are for or against augmentation. You find newspapers scattered across the game, with stories ranging from anti-augmentation protests, a fully-augmented pop-star winning at an awards ceremony, the next games for the ""National Enhanced Hockey League."" You hear a husband and wife arguing with each other, upset that they no longer love each other because one had become augmented, less human in the others eyes. News reports coming from the television talk of U.N debates on whether to regulate augmentation. These are all such small details, but it makes the world of Deus Ex: Human Revolution so much more than just an open world to explore.You play as Adam Jensen, a private security officer for Sarif Industries, one of the worlds leading biotech corporations. After an attack on the company, Jensen is severely injured, forced to go through augmentations throughout his entire body to survive. Throughout the game, you can upgrade your augments through XP, which is awarded for completing quests, eliminating enemies, successfully hacking an object, finding hidden paths and areas or sneaking through an entire area undetected. The progression system is extremely well done, with all augments being extremely different from the other. There are several ""paths"" in which augmentations are categorized, namely ""combat,"" ""stealth,"" ""hacking,"" and ""social."" All of these offer different playstyles in which the player has the option of customizing as they please. Combat augments are as expected, allowing maximized armor, less weapon recoil. Stealth augments range from cloaking, to silent footsteps, to seeing enemies and objects through walls. Hacking augments allow players to hack doors, sentry turrents, cameras and robots, allowing players to find new hidden areas or potentially disabling/turning robots and turrents on the enemy. The social is the most interesting augment. and one that is extremely well done. Throughout the game, you can engage in ""dialogue battles,"" and ""boss conversations."" With the social augments, these allow you to see the personality of the person (Alpha, Beta, Omega), and a psychological profile listing that persons psychological traits and personality, which give hints to how the person may react to certain dialogue options. Using the information given and paying attention to the reactions of the person, you are able to ""win"" these dialogue battles.Level and art design is masterfully handled. You have several open hub areas, namely Detroit and Hengsha, where you can explore the city, get side-quests, find hidden areas and buy equipment from merchants. In both side-quests and the main story, you are given a free reign on how you wish to approach it and get from point A to B. All missions in the game have various direct and hidden routes, such as entering a guarded complex from the sewers below, approaching it straight from the front, or climbing the roof and entering from a neighboring building. This freedom allows all players, no matter what style of play they chose to make their own decisions on how to complete an objective, and one of the games best features. Art design in the game is aesthetically appropriate to the games cyberpunk theme. Both Detroit and Hengsha are filled by towering buildings with large electronic billboard advertisements, neon signs pointing to the nearest attractions, the slums and sewers below filled with the homeless and those who have chosen to reject augmentation. The black and gold hue of the game suits it well, being able to evoke the futuristic atmosphere of the game very well.Despite all this, there are a few flaws in Human Revolution that deserve mentioning. While the progression system is generally well done, it is a little imbalanced, favoring the ""stealth-hacker."" Throughout a level you can find pocket secretaries in drawers or hidden elsewhere, which often contain passcodes or passwords for computers in the level. However even with this information, the same result can be achieved by simply hacking into the computer or door, which can give both XP and cash/credits, while entering the passcode/password does not. Finding hidden paths and alternative routes to the objective is one of the main elements of the game and is one of the best, however it is unbalanced by the XP reward given by finding these areas. Finding a hidden area is always rewarded in giving 100-300 XP, a huge amount relative to the other alternatives. Lastly, the boss battles feel out of place, despite the Director's Cut allowing hacker oriented players to beat the bulletsponge bosses by hacking nearby computers to turn the robots against the enemy. That being said, these a minor aspects which do not detract from the larger game itself.Deus Ex: Human Revolution is one of the best games I have ever played. A must buy game for RPG, stealth and cyberpunk enthusiasts."
76561198045345759,Recommended,238010,35146904,Posted: 23 September,all,Arcane Hex,"Not your typical FPS run 'n' gun game.Deus Ex:Human Revolution is a Third person/First person shooter with stealth and roleplay elements based in a cyber-punk world. You play as a mechanically-augmented ex SWAT soldier, who is currently the head of security at Sariff Industries. In a world where corporations rule society and human augmentations are new,controversial and deadly, you are to find kidnapped augmentation scientist with an arsenal of lethal weapons and non-lethal weapons which allow you to have some variance in combat situations or the complete avoidance of such situations.Gameplay - 8/10There are 2 modes of vision, you have TP mode for ducking,rolling and peeking, and FP mode for shooting and exploration the way these for viewpoints interact is quite impressive, initially I saw it as a pain but once you get into the swing of checking your surroundings with extra vision from TP mode and then looking down your sights for some quick-scope in FP mode, the dynamic between he two is quite fluid and natural after a bit of gameplay.Levels are set up with enemies however you do not have to kill or even interact with them.Their are enemies who have patrol paths and cameras that raise alarms.Objectives are different depending on your task but levels are generally go from point A to point B.The game works on stamina for running and energy for takedowns and augmentations.Energy is limited, once you use a bar it can only return through replenishment or traversing through areas however you always have at least one bar available which regenerates.For stealth mechanics there are plenty of vents and hidden pathways dispersed throughout buildings and the world that allow you to sneak through your environments undetected with tranquilizer darts and silent takedowns which the game rewards you more for taking the sneaky method.Of course you could go full frontal approach however this triggers alarms which can leave you in an unfavorable position.You also gain hacking (through augmentations) which works as a little minigame where you have to control nodes and take over the system hacking lets you open doors,gun safes unlock security systems or even hack defensive systems such as turrets or robots to the point where they can barrage  your enemies with gattling guns.Whether you kill or knockout your enemies effects your ending to a extremelyy minor degree so its really personal preference on your course of action.On the topic of role play, you can interact with people through intimidation or persuasion to get what you want.Again there is an augmentation to make the process easy but the whole social system isn't really crucial and doesn't reward you as much as it should, as well as the limited times it comes up.The world is open to a degree, you are restricted to cities and the buildings inside of them. You can purchase ammo,new weapons, or skill points for your augmentations called ""praxis points"".""Praxis points"" are used to obtain new augmentations through skill trees which range from human limbs/organs (eyes,arms,back etc.) there are some pretty cool upgrades such as rocket launcher arms,double takedown and my personal favorite invisibility, however a lot are redundant and situational (node fortification).Story/Music 7/10I found the main story quite intriguing. With an interesting world you play in where different human morale's and ideals conflict with one another between human augmentation and how far is too far on the pursuit of human development. I found myself comparing this fictional world based on an idea of our future and the world we live in now, all augmentations seem probable and some are even already made (to a lesser extent). The music is techno and mostly synthetic which really plays into the cyber-punk atmosphere the game promotes, a range of songs for action scenes and exploration and even songs that are somewhat cultural based on the area.(Chinese lyrics for songs in China)Graphics 8/10The style of this game leans towards a more stylized art rather than realistic, with dark and gloomy cities where its never daytime character models are detailed nonetheless and particle effects are subpar with simple gun flashes and recoil sparks. However due to the art style nothing seems outdated and all elements work well together with the story and atmosphere.Conclusion 23/30Overall Deus Ex: Human Revolution is quite an astonishing game with high level gameplay, interesting story,world-building and  character development with decent graphics.If you want a shooter with mixed TPS and FPS elements whereyou can kill,run,hide or knockout. The roleplay elements are lacking in interactions but decent in skill progression and skill trees. The directors cut edition gives you some insight on the development of the game and a mode where the game developers talk about the game as you play it. Definitely worth the money even when it full-priced as it took me around 30 hours of complete the main story."
76561198120666777,Recommended,238010,35197182,Posted: 24 September,all,gluefactorybjj,"This is one of my all time favorite games.  While the gameplay/mechanics have their own vibe/quirks, you can get adjusted to it after only about 5-10 hours.  I love the story, the ""world"", and the abilities that are, so far as I have seen, unique to the Deus Ex franchise.  I'd place this closer to a COD with fantasy/robotic gameplay than the other way around.  Oh, and the soundtrack is very good.I should mention that I thought the storyline was well thought out and complete, with limited ""side missions"" that needed to be completed.I really enjoyed playing it.  AND I look forward to replaying it again.Recommended.PS. I have high game hours because I leave the game running in the background when not playing.  Also, I do NOT like multiplayer games and since this is single player only, it was a homerun for me."
76561198171238315,Recommended,238010,22227020,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,danstew23,"This game... oh wow. Talk about ""won over by a game""  or ""missing out for too long"".I did play the original Deus Ex wayyy back when, but for some reason I wasn't interested in the sequels, and didn't try them. And this one... I had heard good things about it, but for some reason, either some other game kept me busy, or I simply wasn't interested.Until now. Boy, did I miss out.StoryHR is IMO quite in the spirit of the original DE... there is stealth, but you can also try to fight openly. There are different methods of solving a situation, there are secrets, and...there is a great storyline.Indeed, the story is quite fascinating, and even though The Fall sucked, you might wanna consider reading ""The Icarus Effect"", a novel that is kinda set in between The Fall and HR (no spoilers though!)Anyway, so the story is rather deep, and there is a strong Mass Effect vibe to it all. You get sucked into it, and your answers in conversations do make a difference. If you want to, you can enhance yourself to be able to ""read"" people and manipulate them.StealthWhich leads me to one of the coolest parts about the game - the stealth approach. Stealth in this game works great, and it is so satisfying to sneak through a large area, dodging all enemies, not alerting them. If you fail, you can still fight openly or try to get away, so it's not as frustrating unless you really want to avoid being detected or killing anyone... if you wanna do that, it can be quite challening, but o so satisfying once you nail it.The augmentations can be very helpful, allowing you to fall from great heights, find alternative routes or even becoming invisible for a short time.The stealth-system, to me, was insanely fun. You can try to play this Rambo-Style, and I think that can be fun too, as the cover-system works well (IMO even better than in the more recent The Division), but to me, it was all about being a ghost.The Director's Cut makes quite a difference - because the boss battles now have new methods of winning them. In the past, before the DC, if you were fully specced and equipped for stealth, the boss fights felt pretty frustrating and not like fun. I mean, you spend 90% of the game trying to be sneaky, and then have to do an open fire-fight with a strong boss?Each boss has a method you can use if you are more into stealth or using tools (again, no spoilers). It doesn't make them totally trivial, as using those methods still can be tricky or risky. With the first boss, I didn't find the ""stealth method"" at first, and felt totally put off by that fight, until I experimented and suddenly found... again, no spoilers.Exploring and always looking for alternate routes (vents) will allow you to avoid most fights.GameplayControls work great (used a controller), but I did switch to a mouse for hacking. Hacking is a mini-game which is essential for the game, as it unlocks doors, shuts down security traps, unlocks secrets etc. Fortunately, it isn't that difficult (again, I found doing this with a mouse quicker and easier, compared to the controller), unless you wanna pick up special bonusses you get from nodes in the hacking grid... it's your choice.I recommend to save often, and use the quicksave (F5) a lot. If things go wrong, reload and retry.The AI is not incredibly smart, but it's decent, and I had fun taking the guys out with the stun gun.Graphics:The graphics ARE showing the age of the game a bit, but they're still decent and add a lot to the atmosphere.Music:Just great, nuff said.Pros:- Fun stealth system- Lots of optional methods to solve situations- Enhancements- Storyline/writing- The dialogue game- Alternate methods for bosses, especially the ""stealth solutions"" added in the DC-  Challenging, depending on your difficulty settings and your own goals (Non-lethal, stealth etc)- Lots of optional secrets and ""lore""- Atmosphere- Good performance even on older systemsCons:- Showing it's age a bit- A lot of running forth and back on rather small maps- Clunky management of the small inventory imo- If you pick up a weapon you already have, you only get the ammo. No way to pick up the wep and sell it for profit. Money isn't all tjhat essential, but allows you to buy more skillpoints, so if you're a packrat, this fact and the small inventory might be a downerVerdict:At full prize, 8.5 of 10, at anything between 5-10 EUR (sale) I give it a 9-9.5. Yes, it's showing its age and has some flaws, but the stealth, the story, atmosphere and protagonist make up for all of that IMO. It's really really good, and if you can't get into the much older DE because it feels a bit too old school, please consider giving this one a try. I love it."
,Recommended,238010,25291682,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Solidus,"A masterpiece Sci-fi at it's best !I played this game for the second time, the first time was the original and now the DC.I haven't noticed many changes, some little ones but still it was totally worth my time, this game is one of a kind, with very good gameplay and a story that keeps you itching to know more and more.I recommend this game to all people who love Sci-fi and stealth with a awesome story !PS: I replayed this game because of the release of Mankind Divided. Going to start Mankind Divided soon and hope it will live up my expectations, especially after playing Human Revolution."
76561198040914188,Not Recommended,238010,8281618,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Bub Skebulba,Runs like a♥♥♥♥♥♥ You're better off getting the normal version.
,Recommended,238010,8341326,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,LeafNinjaPanda,"I bought this game on sale for £3.74, I wast completely sure I would like it but wow this game is amazing with great stealth mechanics a intresting story line and more I was more than pleased with my purchase the directors cut comes with the missing link and tongs missions dlc and a video of the making of the game, the only thing I would say is if you have bought the orginal its probably not worth picking up the directors cut, but overall a fantastic game."
76561198043407485,Recommended,238010,29057047,Posted: 6 January,all,Sun Mosaic,"This is a solid stealth game ! [8,5/10]Gameplay : The level design, even in the bosses arenas, never fails to use most of your abilities and allows you not to go full frontal so the role playing elements are well integrated to the stealth formula.Graphics : This game aged well as it did not try to be too photorealistic, relying more on design than graphics.Story : The story is rich and intresting, going into details with an intresting lore for the ones willing to listen to bystanders, scavenge for mails of employees and notebooks in air ducts, but also a great story accessible just by going threw the game. In the end, it made themes proper to cyberpunk quite accessible to a broader audience, and that's something."
,Recommended,238010,8007791,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,☾ Iagu ☽,"This review is in ""English/Portuguese""English:One of the games with the best history ever! Better then a movie, that's for sure! =DAnd... it is Deus Ex, best Sci-Fi/Cyberpunk game series done!Director's Cut:This addition really made the game better, and sometimes the A.I. can surprise you, specially if you are accustomed with the older version, they ""can see farther and better"", but you quickly adapt from these changes, the boss fights, 200% better, and you won't start with the DLCs weapons in hand, you have to find then! I loved it! And the Missing Link is also an welcome addition to be included inside the game (the way it should be since the begining)!It is worth it! Buy it!Portuguese:Um dos melhores jogos com a melhor história de todos os tempos! Melhor que um filme, isso é certeza! =DE... isso é Deus Ex, a melhor série de jogos Sci-Fi/Cyberpunk já feitas!Director's Cut:Esta adição realmente melhor o jogo, e algumas vezes a I.A. pode te surpreender, especialmente se você está acostumado com a versão antiga, eles ""pode enchergar mais longe e melhor"", mas você vai se adaptar rapidamente, as lutas com os chefes estão 200% melhores e você não vai começar com as armas das DLCs em sua mão, você tem que achar elas! Eu amei! E Missing Link também é um adição bem vinda incluída dentro do jogo (como deveria ter sido desde o início)!Vale a pena! Compre!"
,Recommended,238010,29932772,Posted: 14 February,all,Uncle_D,"I'm hooked, if you want ah game that's gonna last longer than it takes Steam to take your money off your CC this is the one!!! Took me min to feel it out, even had to go look at some tips on YouTube but now I'm rolling and don't wanna stop! It's worth the money! One of my top 5 now! #BuyIt"
,Recommended,238010,25061483,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,SugiKnight,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QHRGoWPrZ-MCyberPunk MasterPieceThe Directors Cut is much better version than the normal original Deus Ex Human Revolution adding new mission packs and the Missing Link DLC, which is very amazing itself. The game offers around ~20h of gameplay in case you just gonna play it once, but people are likely to play it atleast twice since you can do different decisions in the game and get different endings.Good StuffGreat Dialogue, with lot of optionsSide Quests, Hidden Rooms, CollectibesUpgrade your weapons and augment Jensens body to have different abilitiesGreat graphics still to this dayWorks well with both controller + keyboard/mouse4 Different Endings & Lot of different outcomes via questsBad StuffYou can't have everything sometimes you gotta make some sacrifices with your inventory and upgradesMissing Link DLC part of the game makes u lose existing gear"
76561198054475630,Not Recommended,238010,12842568,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Nanopizza [Ayuna FFXIV],"I find myself having a little bit of trouble on whether I would recommend this game or not, although this is definitely not a bad game by any measure, I just don't quite see how it is as good as the ratings, and other reviews seem to indicate. (See the bottom of this review for a TL;DR)So, I will attempt to give as unbiased an opinion of this game as I can, by category to make it easier.First is the gameplay: I have to say that the gameplay is good in the fact that is offers you an array of options to choose from with any given situation, you can either go in all guns blazing, or go sneaking around all stealthy, or find a balance between those 2 styles. I liked the fact it gave you the freedom in this regard. However, to be honest, I just didn't really find the combat particularly fun, I'm not quite sure why, perhaps it was the whole switching out between first and third person shooters that did it. Unlike other games, I never really felt like a badass while taking bad guys down, and I felt the combat is a little unforgiving (I was playing on normal difficulty) but given that stealth is an option that is acceptable because otherwise the stealth approach would be a little less inviting. In terms of how the stealth mechanics play out, I thought they were quite well executed, when you keep your wits about you, you can slowly, but surely make your way past pretty large groups of bad guys, but if you trip up you may find yourself forced into a fire-fight, but that is how a stealth game should be, so that is not a problem. Additionally, I thought the hacking mini-game was extremely well done, unlike many hacking mini-games (such as Mass Effect 1 or 2) it is not tedious and boring and you enter into it thinking ""uh...better hack this damn terminal..."" The hacking mini-game in Deus Ex requires some planning, strategy and quick thinking, the hacking mechanic was masterfully implemented.Player Progression: Player progression is pretty good in this game, without going into any spoilers, you get xp points in which you can upgrade both passive, and active abilities at a reasonably regular basis, you can also buy xp for credits at certain stores. the game has a pretty extensive amount of upgrades and I think you would be hard pressed to upgrade all your abilities by the end of the game, this is good because it forces you to make decisions on prioritising upgrades for what your play-style is, for example: do I upgrade my stealth vision or do I give myself more armour? However, the amount of xp you get is not too prohibitive, you don't get so little xp you are forced to do go down one tree and you are stuck there, you can branch out over several ability trees to suit your style, just not all of them. The game seems to have plenty of weapons and items, and introduces them at a rather nice pace, you don't get 1/3rd of the way through the game and find you have already unlocked all the guns like some games, you get new guns right up until the end. In terms of purchasing equipment, it's a pretty standard RPG kind of set up; you do quests, loot various things, sell items off at stores, you get credits for it, you can then buy various upgrades, ammo and weapons at stores. Stores...*shudder* i'll open that bag of worms later in thie review.Interface and Navigation: This games interface is quite nice, it has a nice high-tech feel to it and is rather well done, apart from one aspect, Navigation. The navigation in this game is horrible, although you have a map, it is never really useful for telling you where to go, the map is made up of un-detailed blocks that don't show you anything of the terrain or buildings in the area, so you don't know where to go to get to where the quest marker is. Remember that can of worms about shops I mentioned earlier? yea, here it is, sure, this game has shops, but they are NEVER marked on your map, you can only find them by remembering where they are, and given how useless the map is, and how the city hubs all look quite similar, it's damn tricky to remember, it also gives you no indicators as to where other points of interest are, such as your apartment.Sound design and soundtrack: I know not everyone is as concerned with these two things as I am, but for those few who are; the actual sounds in this games sound design seemed pretty good, but they always seemed somewhat delayed by a few miliseconds, like, I would fire my gun, but it didn't quite match up with the muzzle flashes, perhaps it was just my imagination, or perhaps not. The soundtrack for this game served its purpose, it created the desired atmosphere, so I guess thats a plus, but it didn't really do much more than that. The soundtrack isn't bad but don't expect any amazingly epic soundtrack orchestrated moments.Plot: Now, plot is a big part of this game. It's hard for me to be to critical of this games plot because, I can't really find anything wrong with it...but at the same time, I just didn't really find it all that engaging. It has everything one wants from a plot, a good concept, decent lore and an interesting world in which it is based in, some good plot twists, revelations...but...it just never seemed to get me particularly engaged in it, sure, there were a few moments where I was like :o but only a few. In all truth though, now that I think of it, there isn't anything wrong with the plot, but the characters. The characters all seems so two-dimensional, even the character you play as seems like he has no personality at all, he just seems like a bit of a robot, I guess, perhaps if that's how you wan't your character to be thats great, but I don't. I personally don't like his voice actor, he seems like he's trying to do some kind of forced batman voice most of the time, and he never shows any expression or emotion in his voice, there was only one point in the game where the character actually had any kind of decent voice acting. As for the other characters, the only one I came remotely attached to was the chick who flys you around in a helicopter, at least she had a little bit of personality. As for villains, they seem a little basic and somewhat generic for villains, theres nothing about them that really makes you think ""gee...that guy actually has a point?...is he/she really the villain I have been led to believe?"" Perhaps I have just been spoiled by the characters from games like Mass Effect and Starcraft II, but I just didn't really connect with any of them.Graphics: For a 2011 game, they seem about what you would expect, nothing really good or bad about them.Bugs/Issues: I did have issues with my screen flickering white until I turned the game to direct X 9 rather than using 11, which is somewhat unfortunate because I would have liked to get the benefits of using DX11. I also got low frame-rates in few-second bursts every now and then, and my system can more than handle this game. I have a hunch that you probably are safe from the screen flickering issue on an AMD graphics card, given that this game seems to be optimized for it, but it should still run fine on any Nvidia card.All in all (A TL;DR/Summary): This is a decent game with a few different gameplay styles to choose from, it has pretty standard and character progression that is neat in the fact that it forces you to chose a play-style. it has pretty standard sound design and soundtrack. It has a nice interface but has terrible navigation. It has a very interesting world in which it is based and an intruiging plot, but is let down by rather two-dimensional characters.My final verdict: Do I recommend this game? well...it honestly depends on the price, and the full $19.99 listed here, I would have to say no, however If it is on special, say $10.00 or under It might be worth picking up, if nothing more I will keep you occupied for a good 20-30 hours.Hopefully you find this review useful :)"
,Recommended,238010,12619611,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,The Senate,"*Note I have over 80 hours logged on the normal Deus Ex: Human Revolution.Deus Ex: Human Revolution is a phenomenal game.  Human Revolution takes place in 2027 and is a prequel to the original Deus Ex.  Playing the original is not required at all to understand the story, but I do suggest playing it simply because its a great game.  The story of Deus Ex: Human Revolution tackles the subject of Transhumanism in a way that really makes you think.  The subject matter is complex and is an issue that we will likely face in the not to distant future.  The gameplay is really solid but there is a lot of room for improvement.  The game gives you plenty of tools and lets you approach a situation however you like.  However the game favors certain types of play styles more than others.  Playing stealthy and taking everyone out non-lethally will give you the most XP, which means you can get more upgrades.  You can upgrade Jensen with praxis kits.  You get these praxis kits by getting enough XP or buy buying them in clinics.  There's plenty of stuff to upgrade but some of the augments you get are pretty useless.  For example ""Smart Vision"" allows you to see through walls.  Sounds pretty useful right?  It would be but the game has a Metal Gear Solid Style radar that lets you see enemies and their field of vision(with an upgrade) so it's actually pretty useless.  The only problem I had with the original HR was the boss fights.  Luckily the Boss fights have been fixed to an extent in the Directors Cut.  The PC port is good, no real problems except that tessellation can cause faces to be covered in white and black dots.Score: 9/10"
,Recommended,238010,9805986,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Steppenwolf,"'I never asked for this.'This catchphrase - that even spread a meme - defintifly doesn't apply to this 'Director's Cut' for one of my favorite games of the last years. Mainly unsatisfied with the 'Missing Link' DLC being completly seperated from the main game, I looked forward for this complete package.With the integration of the 'Missing Link' DLC and some other small Pre-Purchase DLCs into the main game this would just have been a simple 'GOTY edition', but you get a bit more. Beside some better facial animations and the redsigned Boss fights you also get a full developer comentary for the whole game.This changes and additions combined with a big standard discount for owners of the original version (and 'Missing Link' DLC) on Steam make this a must have for everyone who plan to play this game again.To the game itself is not really much to say. The setting, the visual style and the sound/music are wonderful and make the world believable. The only negative point for me is the not real existant free decision in terms of ways to solve the problems/missions in the game (the stealth and hacking way gives you way more exp points). It is also sad, that the developers skipped the possibility to choose through the whole game if you prefer heavy augmentation or try to stay as mainly 'organic' ... meaning your way to deal with the changes 'You never asked for.'!"
,Recommended,238010,23322070,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Cat J,"One of the best Shooters/Rpgs I\'ve ever played.+Gameplay+Story+Music/sound- Can be laggy on some video cards.Overall I think this game is a masterpiece, but that\'s heavily my opinion......"
,Recommended,238010,23976065,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,T H R I L L H O U S E,Positive:- Rewards exploration- Many side/main quests- Skill tree allows for different playstyles- Plays smoothly- Frequently on sale for a great price- Dialogue/persuasion mechanicNegative:- Repeat areas (Detroit and China)- Frustrating boss battles for stealthy/non-lethal players- Okay story that's fairly complicatedOverall: 8/10
76561198061489888,Recommended,238010,14332617,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,turnt tony,Adam was circumcised in the operation scene. He didn't ask for this when he said directors cut.
,Recommended,238010,12669252,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Dan | Greuceanu,"Brilliant, a thrill all the way, immersive and addictive. I think any gamer should be at least one time in his life Adam Jensen, and live his experience in Deus Ex: Human Revolution.It's a masterpiece in every way - soundtrack, visuals, concepts and story.Changed my graphic card for this one :)) [just because I wanted to play it at maximum].Enough said, I need to go back and add some augmentations. Buy it! 10/10"
,Not Recommended,238010,11201735,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Sparkey,Serious unresolved bug in the the main quest about 6 hours in related to picking up a quest item during general exploration instead of during the quest it relates to. Gave up at that point rather than replay hours in the hope of avoiding it.
,Recommended,238010,11544556,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,DickPays,"Deus Ex, what a wonderful game in the series. It's funny because I got this game for the xbox from Eidos themselves, my dad worked in the anti-piract business and I never beat it on there. Then, I bought the game again, for the PC, never beat it, AND then I bought the Director's Cut and I waited a whole 8 months to play it, and I recently beat itDeus Ex, is about a man named Adam Jensen, he's an ex-swat member, who is now a security guard for a big, augmentation corperation called Sarif Industries. In his line of work, he has two co-workers, Megan Reed, a scientist that has made a breakthrough in augmentations and Francis Pritchard, a computer person or whatever. Then, Sarif Industries was attacked by augmented spec ops, who kidnapped Megan and 4 other scientists. You were trying to save her, but in the process, you get gravely injured and have to get augmentations. After you get them, your mission is to find out what happened to Megan and her team and get them back.This game was crafted so well, the gameplay was fluid, a FPS shooter mixed with an RPG styled level up system. You put points into augments to upgrade and make better and upgrade the ones that better suit your play style. Stealth or go head on. Mine was going head on, I hate stealth. This game had a various amount of weapons, grenades, abilities, etc. All were different in their own ways. The quest system was quite, course directed, besides the one or two side missions in each mission location. The interaction with people was fun, you could get information out of them or you could just go up to them and knock them out. I like doing that.The DLC, Missing Link, comes with the Director's Cut, incorperated into the game, was absolutely horrible and was not needed. Who wants to know about the time he got all his augments stripped from him and he has to fight his way to get them back. It was really boring, a lot of running back and forth, and not to mention all the damn biometric scanners. I wish I could have chosen to play the DLC at the end. But, putting it, into the story, made somewhat of a difference. It does work well with the story, but honestly it wasn't what I was looking for in a Deus Ex DLC.I know this is a shorter review than normal but, I'm not really feeling well, but this game was a masterpiece, this is the only Deus Ex game I've ever played, but I plan to play The Invisible Wars. But, for now, I loved this game, I can't believe I never finished it. I beat the game in about 15 hours, plus watched all the endings. So I give this game a 9.5/10 :D"
,Recommended,238010,8954714,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,shqke,"Great game. Powerful outfit, awesome locations and a lot of enemies who deserve to die by several ways. Steampunk colors and shapes gives a colorful picture. You should give this game a chance."
76561198300409578,Recommended,238010,34316134,Posted: 17 August,all,Ornifex,"This game even works on my weak laptop.It's the kind of game you have to play at least once in your lifetime if you like video games. The yellow filter sometimes makes me nauseous, but it's a minor problem. I've finished the game 4 times and everytime was fun and I was discovering new things about the game. People are complaining about the boss fights, but aside the fact that you are forced to kill them they are pretty fun. I really like mowing down Barret with the turrets :)"
,Recommended,238010,9767648,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Double D,"Deus Ex: Human Revolution is set in one of my favourite universe: the Cyberpunk universe, set in a near future where all is black and there is no more hope. Even if a lot of games use that universe, Deus Ex: Human revolution makes it look fresh and new. And this time you play as an overpowered Cyborg ex SWAT with bionic arms with bombs and swords in them!The story is set before the original Deus Ex, and just like his predecessor, Deus Ex: Human Revolution has an addicting story and you will immerse yourself in after only a few minutes of gameplay (at least for me). The game also has really good soundtracks that perfectly fits in the game.There are a multitude of lethal and non-lethal guns, rifle, shotguns, pistols etc.. that looks unique and different, and almost all the weapons can be upgraded with weapon mods. there is also a multitude of explosive weaponry such as RPGs, grenade launchers, grenades and remote explosives. Or you can go with the takedowns, which allows you to kill or knock out an enemy when close to them. And you can also hide their bodies afterwards.There is also a small hacking mini-game which allows the character to hack multiple electronic items such as keypads and computers. There is also a persuasion mini-game which allows the character to persuade other characters to do special favors which can unlock other side missions. The mini-game are fun to do and are not overused.The game is an action based game mixed with stealth with multiple choices of mission completion. The game takes about 20h to complete and there are multiple side quest at certain points in the game. The missions are all unique and mixed with multiple choices of gameplay which adds variation to the game.There are multiple augmentations for the character to acquire, almost all of them are varied and creative. per example, you have one that allows your character to see through walls, or another one that allows you to deploy multiple small bombs that instantly kills all the enemies around you which make you feel like a total badass.The game also has a lot of Unique NPCs, bosses and enemies to encounter all included with Robots and Cyborgs.With the Director's Cut, the game now has a New Game+, Which allows the character to carry over his augmentations in a new game, which is really awesome. The Director's Cut also added the DLC: The Missing Link in the game instead of making a separate game like in the original Deus Ex: Human Revolution, which makes it feel more natural. There is also multiple small additions and tweaks added in the game.However the game has its flaws, first of all, the character isn't that powerful at the beginning of the game. The new body of the character uses energy, so some equipment that the character has such as the invisibility cloak, the advance vision or the sound suppressor will use energy, which makes sense, and the character can regain energy over time or by eating food or vitamins, but the thing is that energy is also used when doing a takedown, so your going to end up waiting 30 second for your energy to fill up just because you punched a guy in the face to knock him out, which is kind of pathetic for a Cyborg ex SWAT. But the character can acquire augmentations that will give him more energy and that will make the energy fill up faster, which allows him to do multiple takedowns before using all of the energy available.The game has no Multiplayer, which would have been awesome, but the game makes it up with its awesome Singleplayer.Also, any save of the original Deus Ex: Human Revolution won't carry to the director's Cut version. Forcing you to start alll over again.You will need to buy the game again if you already bought the original Deus Ex: Human Revolution once in order to have all the bonuses that the Director's Cut offers, so you are going to end up with the original game, the separate DLC, and the Director's Cut version with the game and the DLC combined, which is kind of pointless.The Goods:+ You're a Cyborg, nothing more to say!+ Unique and creative augmentations for your character.+ Now with New Game plus, which allows the character to carry his augmentations to a new game.+ Improved textures over the original Deus Ex: Human Revolution+ Now with the developer commentaries.+ Reworked bosses over the original Deus Ex: Human Revolution.+ Addictive storyline.+ Good soundtrack+ Fun and varied missions.+ Unique and different NPCs and enemies.The bads:- Loses energy when doing takedowns.- End up with three games if you already bought the original one and the separated DLC.- No multiplayer.- Any save of the original Deus Ex: Human Revolution won't carry to the director's Cut version.I recommend it if you're a fan of the Cyberpunk universe, and the action stealth type of game if you haven't already bought the original one with the separated DLC, or if you simply want the small additions and tweaks that the Director's Cut version offers.Final Verdict:9/10.Must Own!"
,Recommended,238010,8954310,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Freelance Autist,Fedora Tipping casual ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.
,Recommended,238010,11071909,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,"Trust me, I'm lying","[This an elaborate and analytical review not only from the perspective of Deus Ex 1, but also from a long time fan of it. If you haven't played DX1, don't read the following - just buy Human Revolution, you'll absolutely love it]Seems like Eidos Montreal decided they could never equal or better the first game, and given the colossal mess that was DX2, they made DX3 a tribute to the first, instead of an independent prequel. The number of similarities to DX1 are overwhelming, and so many elements are copy-pasted that as a die-hard DX1 fan, it makes for a bittersweet experience; it's a reminiscent mashup of things most people love: DX1 + Batman + or other games, yet it lacks depth and originality.Deus Ex 1Adam Jenson from DX3 and JC Denton from DX1. Same syllables in name. If that sounds like a silly similarity, relax, I'm just easing you in. The list is endless: [spoilers]being captured, getting set free by an anonymous hacker, your pilot's chopper gets blown but you had a chance to prevent that fate, ladies-restroom scene, identical ending choices; Illuminati; Dark Age; ""Merge and Rule,"" conspiracy theories, Francis - your hacker colleague. Even the so called ""Purity First"" group look like a graphically enhanced version of NSF personnelStrong Batman influenceThe original DX3 was orange/gold bearing a stark resemblance to a few iconic scenes from the movie The Dark Knight. They went overboard making the entire game resemble the theme of those scenes, but after backlash from critics and players, they ended up normalizing it in the Director's Cut edition. And it looks much better now. Even then, if you pay close attention to the Detroit music you will notice the famous intro theme to Batman TAS. Moreover, a lot of people have even commented that Adam Jenson talks like Batman.ProsThe hacking mini-game is a refreshing change, Typhoon augmentation (even though it clashes with the timeline), tons of easter eggs, being able to holster your weapon. Overall the music is very cinematic and atmospheric, with cultural influences too, such as the zhong-hu instrument in ""Hengsha LIMB Clinic."" Another score I absolutely loved is ""The Mole."" Vending machines are finally made useful, environments are much more ""fuller"" than doors/vents on an empty canvass like in the original Deus Ex, different ammo takes up inventory space (instead of one kind of ammo for everything), which is a nice touch of realism. There is a lot of detail in the world, which makes the world immersive. Critical conversations actually require you to listen to the other person, analyze their personality, and at times even their body language, and facial expressions, which is brilliant.ConsBut 13 years have passed since DX1 and the AI still says, ""huh, what? nevermind I'm hearing things"" after you drop something in front of their face and successfully hide. This AI mechanic was revolutionary when it was introduced in Thief but not many games since then have built upon that. I threw 5 cartons on top of several open cubicles at a police station and everyone only said, ""what was that?"" and got ""suspicious."" This even goes for sound. Takedowns don't alert an enemy standing 2 feet away, even when the person you're taking down lets out a muffled squeal. I felt that was weak, especially for a game based highly on stealth. Any alarmed state can be nullified if you simply ""walk away"" from the scene, which is so manipulative it becomes unfun, and I think it is an element largely influenced from the Batman-Arkham series. Of all the games whose AI they imitated, if only they would have sampled Metal Gear Solid; once there is a state of alarm it never reduces back to normalcy. AlasDX1 broke boundaries, and was the actual ""revolution"" in the gaming world. DX3 feels like a revision of the first, and a safe recipe of things that all gamers would love. It's unfortunate that Warren Spector was excised from the DX3 project by Eidos Montreal. Silly how the world works. He made a mind-blowing blockbuster of a game (DX1), but DX2 fell short of that standard, therefore he was boycotted. Cruel, given that he was the main brain behind this whole series. Eidos played it safe when making this prequel, and I guess you can't blame them. Not everyone can improve on perfection, but many can merely honor or mimic it, which is exactly what they've resorted to. And it makes for an enjoyable experience."
,Recommended,238010,8987349,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,「Neckbeardicus」,I threw a cardboard box at the SWAT team and they shot me to death.10/10
,Recommended,238010,8201511,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Kryze,"Deus Ex: Human Revolution did good by it's predecessor (Deus Ex) and brought me back to the cyber-augmented world of conspiracies. Good visuals, amazing artistic direction, choose-your-way of solving problems, tasteful smash-your-face-in takedowns and of course a gold mine for cospiracy lovers. Also, don't forget the soundtrack, 9/10 from me."
76561198043904856,Recommended,238010,33491101,Posted: 12 July,all,McREEEEEEE,"Runs on a potato, has a great story and voice acting, combat is fast and fun, and the ai is nice. Overall, I recommend picking this game up if you have the money for it"
,Recommended,238010,26702683,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,magicmase,"This game is so deliciously satisfying that I did not feel the need to play anyting else for a couple weeks after completion...I was that well fed...this was in 2011.Still amazing five years later, added to my yearly gaming pilgrimage.Concept / Execution: 10Characters / Plot: 10Graphics / Lighting / Envionments: 10Sound / Music / Voice Acting: 10Gamplay / Replayability: 10"
,Recommended,238010,8468830,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Yureina,"Bwee. A re-release of the yummy DXHR from 2011. So what's new? To be perfectly honest, not very much. This is pretty much the same game we got then. I can only really list 3 notable changes: A slight alteration in the look of the game so it is less ""yellow"" than before, some new (mostly hacking related) options for the first 3 boss fights (the final one is still the same as before), and the merging of DXHR with it's DLC Missing Link. That's it. The boss fight one is probably the most notable, but truth be told since anyone with a brain maxes out their hacking skill very early on, this makes the boss fights alot easier since you can get turrets and robots to join in and lay on extra firepower. Namir in particular was hit by this because I got two robots to blow him away. A fight I used to have some difficulty with I breezed through with no trouble whatsoever. And yes, I was playing on Hard.There's also new game plus, but i've not checked that out yet. From what i've heard though, it simply lets you carry on your augments into a new game. As if you need to be more overpowered...So yeah. Not very different. The boss change is sorta nice, but that's just about it. If it wasn't for the fact that the base game is damn good as is, this wouldn't get a recommendation from me.But it's still good and still fun. Ultimately that's what matters. :D"
76561198095602199,Recommended,238010,35143501,Posted: 22 September,all,Karterii,"(Don't mind the playtime, I played this on my other account for 19 hours and reached the end in that time)Playing through Deus Ex: Human Revolution was great fun! Even though I played it like any average joe would (so no ghosting, some stealth, mostly lethal gunplay), I still felt like I was doing things MY way and not the way the devs intended. I'd say the best parts of the game are (1) the way character progression is handled (2) the amazing soundtrack (specifically the battle themes) and (3) the atmosphere that the environments and characters convey.The only negative I'd mention is that the story is both very simple and very complicated. The title pretty much tells you what the game is mainly about, and the story here is the typical sci-fi story that goes through all the motions you'd expect. However, you'll come across some crazy stuff that I could only describe as... Anime. Not necessarily a bad thing I suppose, but it's not really a vision of how our future looks and more a attempt to mimic something like Ghost in the Shell or Akira. I think anyone who reaches the end of the game will kind of see what I mean.Anyway, totally recommended for any fan of the more 'cerebral' first person shooter/RPG hybrids, or just science fiction fans. You'll get something out of this one for sure, just give it about two hours to really show you what it's all about (the first two hours can feel a bit wonky as you are still underpowered and without lots of options). Be cautious of what you spend your skill points on, but don't overthink it that much either to the point where you miss out on lots of potential fun."
,Recommended,238010,11774419,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Kal_wardin,Great game.
,Recommended,238010,10888987,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,SuccuLyxX,"If you liked the first Deus Ex you will definitely love Human Revolution. Acting as a prequel to the first game in the series and taking obvious inspiration from classic cyberpunk movies like RoboCop, you play as ex-SWAT Adam Jensen who ends up unraveling a conspiracy behind the death of a team of scientists that were on the brink of revealing one of the biggest breakthroughs in science yet, one that could potentially merge man and machine for good. Though little does he know that his trip down the proverbial rabbithole has barely begun.The game is very much a seamless blend of stealth and action and like the first game leaves how you play the game entirely up to the player. You can sneak your way in, you can hack your way in or hell, grab a gun and kill everyone in your path. It's all up to you.I highly recommend checking out the Director's Cut if you're a big fan of Human Revolution or haven't played it yet. The added developer commentary, DLC integration, and not to mention the improved boss fights makes this the definitive version of the game in my opinion. The boss fights was one of the biggest gripes with the game and this version adds far more tactical options to them for players who use different playstyles. It also helps that the graphics look far better in this version since the yellow filter is more toned down allowing for more colour variation. I also wanna mention the addition of a New Game+ mode that makes replaying the game on harder difficulties a bit more fun and achievable."
,Recommended,238010,12111184,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,кртff,"it's nice the triangles and having some texture, also the sound in the ear. i recommend this game to all my friends."
,Recommended,238010,7535823,"Posted: 1 November, 2013",all,MaximaL,"Режиссерское переиздание одноименной игры 2011 года. Начну с главного-все DLC были встроены в игру. Тоесть в начале игры вы не получаете стартового набора предметов включая деньги. Все это разбросано по всей игре, или же можно это купить. Так называемое ""Недостающее звено"" было благополучно портировано и стало ""Достающим звеном"". Кто-то говорит что был убран золотой фильтр, лично я этого особо не заметил. Ну и ладно, он придает игре свой шарм!Согласно заявлению разработчиков, в игре был улучшен ИИ и стелс. Да, сие действительно есть, теперь нельзя нагло выглянуть на мгновение, чтобы враг не встревожился, а в особых случаях не ""спалил"", ну если только он на вас не смотрит. Добавлена вариативность убийств боссов-теперь их можно уничтожить используя окружающую обстановку не используя оружие.Оценка: великолепно 9,5/ 10, за великолепный геймплей и сюжет, за отсутсвие ""великого и могучего"". Благо есть 1 мб. русификатор."
,Not Recommended,238010,10877968,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Computer Shaman [No Monitor],"Improved boss fights, level design, and the removal of yellow filter at the cost of horrible performance.  DX:HR ran much better than DX:HR:DX, and you can't even find it in the Steam store anymore."
,Recommended,238010,23553016,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Knack 2,I asked for this.
,Recommended,238010,12682200,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Persuader,"I love this game. good stealth mechanics and a pretty good storyline. endings a bit... odd. could have been better, but overall great game."
,Recommended,238010,20348927,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Johnny Bravo,"In Deus Ex, Johnny is like half-robot, which makes Johnny super strong and super pretty.“I am Johnny Bravo, the one-man army!”Now say it with me, “hoo ha hooah!”Also, Johnny learned the importance of vents.  Vents are as important as Johnny’s hair, and Johnny doesn’t need to tell you how important that is. Well, let me tell you how important it is. It makes Johnny, pretty.Hair = Vent"
,Recommended,238010,12007804,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Spookicade,"I FREAKIN love the Deus Ex franchise and who can blame me? It revolutionized gaming as a whole especially FPS games and action RPG's. Naturally when I came into Deus Ex Human Revolution(which will now be referred to as DXHR because it's just way easier) I had a lot of expections and I'm happy to tell you all that the game delivered! The game takes an ""have it your way"" style approach with the diverse skill tree it gives you which is basically activating your cyborg augmentations(I get to that once I get to the story)giving you many challenging situations and even more ways to complete them. Are you the kind of guy who likes to go into battle guns blazing? Well then you should pick up the dermal armor and recoil reduce upgrades! Perhaps you would rather take a stealth approach, or you just want to hack a few security turrets to kill off your enemies for you, or even just punch a whole in a wall or climb through an airduct to avoid confrontation all together. This is one of the games biggest strenghts and what makes it all the more better is the fact that the developers put a ton of thought into level design and teach you the rules of the game very well that if you can think of a way to overcome obstacles there is a %99.99 chance that it could work should you execute your plan effectivley. Now right now I'm sure any of you who haven't played the game are drawing comparisons to another great ""have it your way"" kind of game, Skyrim. Well the key difference is that Skyrim focuses more on where you want to explore(it is open world after all) but doesn't provide to extreme variety in play styles or how you choose to play that kind of style. What I mean is that in DXHR you can be a very stealth oriented player, but not be confined to that style of play because the skill tree is very friendly to players and allows you easy access to the basic skills required for any play style. This even carries over to the boss battles,unfortunatley non directors cut players will be very limited when it comes to how you take down a boss. Rather sadly though this doesn't mean the boss abttles are great. They are by no means bad or terrible, but they can be a little, how you say, confining. As I said before the Directors cut gives you more options when it comes to battleing bosses. By that I mean it gives you 1 more option when in most other scenarios there are several options to take down the baddies. Not to mention I found the boss battles to be boring and kind of pointless other than being used for the story of course. I think I've spent enough time on gameplay at this point, how about we turn our attention to story?DXHR packs an impressive story about Adam Jensen, Head of security for the BioAugmentation company Sarif Industries who used to be S.W.A.T but quit after being given a questionable order. He soon finds Sarif under attack by heavily augmented mercenaries who leave him for dead after brutally attacking him and scientist in one of Sarifs labs. He miracously survived at the cost of getting heavily augmented over the course of about 6 months I believe. This gives him access to every upgrade in the game, but his body needed time to naturally turn them one one at a time unlocking praxis points to spend on said augmentations as you gain expierence by completing quest, killing enemies ect. From here you follow several leads to find the mercenaries and where they fit in the bigger picture which takes you to places like, Detroit, China, and Montreal to name a few. There are also a lot of moral decisions to make through the story especially at the end giving you three tough options to choose between. Another nifty feature is conversations with branching dialouge options that actually have an effect on the game. For example early on in the game you are tasked with getting to a morgue in the local precicnt. You have the option of sneaking in, killing everyone(that strategy is not reccomended), or you can just talk the guard out to have him let you in. That's what I love about this game. It does so many interesting things with its gameplay that affect the story and vice versa. It makes the game unique and helps it to stand out from other games. In the end DXHR packs an impressive story into the mix too, but unfortunatley it doesn't show us the worts of it. When we hear about all of this gross things like harvesters who kidnap people to strip them of their augments and sell them we don't see that. It should have followed Blade Runners example and shown us everything. The last comment was made by Angry Joe in his review and I drew to the same conclusion and whole heartedly agree with what he said. Thankfully thought that is the only negative when it comes to the story.As far is presentation goes the game looks and sounds fantastic. The soundtrack fits the futuristic theme quite well, the color palette consist mostly of gold and black, and the sound design in general all come together and fantastically emersed me into the games world. One small gripe I have with the graphics though is that facial animations are very stiff which doesn't do much for the wonderful looking game. Speaking of wonderful the backgrounds in the game look gorgeous and make the world all the more real. Also I forgot to mention voice acting so I'll do that now. All of the voice actors do an incredible job reading the scripteven Jensens voice actor although I found his voice to be a bit to raspy like Batmans but that is just a minor nitpick. Overall the game does incredibly well and stands up there is one of the best games I've played in a while which is why I'm glad to say Deus Ex Human Revolution earns an 8.5/10 it was worth the $60 dollar price line as it is but now that you can pick it up for $20 you'd be crazy not to pick it up."
,Recommended,238010,9689665,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Microsoft Excel,You can excessively punch civilians and the game has a great storyline. Cracking Game
76561198085153900,Recommended,238010,25689522,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Wakadooey,"Be a diplomat, a brute or just avoid the hassle and crouch walk past everything. Deus Ex Human Revolution really lets you decide how you want to play. The Characters are well thought up, the world you play in feels alive, and the controls are very comfortable. The only cons I can think of are the rare crashes that can be fixed very easily and the 99 save limit. All in all the game is very much worth your time."
,Recommended,238010,21614666,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Gondile,"In the embers left from the destruction of an incredible series by the hands of Deus Ex: Invisible War, one would think all hope would be lost for any sort of follow up. However, hope prevailed in the form of Deus Ex: Human Revolution, the prequel to PC's most legendary video game, Deus Ex. Outfitting itself in stylish graphics that will certainly age well and an engine built for seamlessly transitioning through large levels and labyrinths, Deus Ex: Human Revolution sets out to deliver an intense experience whether you're a gun toting sharpshooter, a sneaky thief, or anything in between. Failing to like DX:HR is not representative of having an opinion, but of being a bad person and not liking good video games.Play it. You won't regret it."
,Recommended,238010,32921023,Posted: 28 June,all,Mama Raccoon,"Seriously play it, although honestly sucks that your actions from this game dont effect anything in Mankind Divided. One of the best games from 2011 though still holds up very well today mainly due to the art direction its just amazing. 100% worth it esecially if discounted."
,Recommended,238010,8963293,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Inanis,"If I am ever questioned as to the legitimacy of videogames as both an artform and as a serious medium that can approach political issues, this is the game I point to."
,Recommended,238010,11161340,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Nova,"Fantastic game, kept me entertained, hard fun challenging and a rather good story to boot. I definitely reccomend this.Only greivance I had, aside from the main characters, the voice actors where often times cringe worthy.Would recommend this game for sure.if you love cyberpunk sci fi and gritty future societies pick this up now."
,Recommended,238010,9351196,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,skyf1re,"Awesome storyline. Very atmospheric and detailed world.Cute graphics, interesting and wise gameplay. Good(and very fitting)soundtrack.Stronglyrecommended for any sci-fi and cyberpunk lover."
,Recommended,238010,11961045,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,michael,"This game is outstanding by more than one parameters, but I think its best side is the multi-choice storyline. To a reasonable extent the game offers you many ways to reach goals, and to slightly alter the storyline with your decisions, while keeping the integrity, not turning the story into a mess like some RPGs tend to do. You can play the game like a shooter, or avoid killing people. You can use stealth or go into a direct confrontation. You can hack doors or break through walls or find secret passages. Designers managed to push into the levels so many ways to reach the destination, without turning it into a chaos. Writers managed to do the same with the story. It's a clever game made by clever people.The Director's Cut version of the game, however, is one step forward, two steps back. Although it does introduce alternative ways to defeat enemies during boss fights, but also, it introduces many bugs not present in the original version. I think that it also makes the game easier, at least I had more upgrades than I needed. It might be a nice thing for people who found the game too difficult, but I wouldn't say it was necessary. The worst thing is that it integrates The Missing Link DLC into the main game story. This decision was evidently NOT made by the game's director, because the DLC does not fit the main game. It was made afterwards, probably written afterwards, and was intended to be played afterwards. It's less polished, has a different feel to it, requires different tactics and has its own story arc. It should have stayed as a DLC. Luckily, I own both original and director's cut versions.In spite of flaws introduced by Director's Cut, it is still a very, very good game. It is a shame the makers didn't have a budget to polish it and get rid of the bugs, and were forced to include The Missing Link DLC as a marketing measure.So, I give the game itself 10/10, but the Director's Cut version gets 8/10."
76561198083103304,Recommended,238010,8622562,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Luneth Aerohawk,"The closest thing that I can think of to this game would have to be the game Dishonored. Lethal and non-lethal playstyles, multiple paths of entry, and multiple ways for the story to end."
,Recommended,238010,9128332,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Lavos,I never asked for this.
,Recommended,238010,10745071,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Pen Pineapple Apple Pen,"Best Cyberpunk experience ever. If you love Cyberpunk you will love this game. If there is any game that captures a truely dark, futuristic atmosphere, it is this game. I personally think this game and it's mind blowing music score should be the epitome of Cyberpunk games, seriously...  all jokes aside. If you want a Metal Gear Solid style game with Mass Effect style choice making and The Matrix / Ghost in the Shell style atmosphere, then this is the game. It has it's moments where it can be buggy, such as a ""flashing screen"" problem it had when I first started it, but if you disable tessallation in the games settings, or even switch to Direct X 9, it should stop. I even turned the graphics up all the way to full blast and suddenly the flashing screen problem was gone, so idk... it's weird. People said it's a Nvidia update that was causing it. It's not that big of a deal to the point where I'd quit the game. You have to give this game a chance!"
,Recommended,238010,15985597,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,ham,"Deus Ex: Human Revolution has made me a fan of the franchise.One of the greatest things about the game is the augmentations. You can pick your route and how you want to play the game through the augmentations. It doesn't penalize you for going straight into the fray or stealthing your way through missions. There's usually more than one way to accomplish a task and with that type of freedom I felt compelled to try everything. Nothing's more fun than walking around China slums causing havoc in their gangs or flexing on unsuspecting enemies.There's no black and white in Deus Ex: Human Revolution, and the end hinges on the player's choice. Even your interactions with the NPCs is affected by the player's choice. In the first mission as a newly augmented human being, Jensen is tasked to infiltrate Sarif Industries company and rescue the hostages. The SWAT team is put on hold so that he can go in and find a resolution. David Sarif gives you two options: Lethal, or non-lethal.In the end, it doesn't matter because Jensen comes equipped with enough moves to subdue opponents peacefully or lethally. However, your perception in the game will be determined how you handle these situations. Will you have Jensen murder all the terrorists to set an example? Will Jensen rescue the hostages or botch it up? Will you engage the terrorists leader at the end or talk him down? These choices will manifest as you play through the game and people's opinion of you will be set.These are the type of games I love because it gives you the freedom to choose. It may be a small thing, but it was enough for me to play through the game multiple times and in different ways.Like Deus Ex: Human Revolution, what will you choose to do after this review?"
76561198094675316,Recommended,238010,18962932,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Catfish and the Bunnymen,"The best moment (spoiler free) was after you watch the credits - providing you do so (DO IT) - and the original Deus Ex theme graces your ears; granting you with the idea to both re-install the GOTY edition on your computer and/or to give this game another run-through.I did, and 100%'ed it.Masterpiece. Such a wonderful game.DON'T FORGET TO QUICKSAVE."
,Recommended,238010,8225739,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Jota,"The new bosses mechanics with stealth involved are quite awesome, the rest is just what I've already said once so here it goes again:""Play it stealth or rambo, throw your enemies on the floor or just kill them quickly, avoid or face them, steal passwords and hack  your way through multiple paths to your objective using brutal force or being gentle and smart to fool your enemies and find out how deep is the conspiracy hole that gave you what you didn't want... a pair of new arms and cool yellow shades""."
,Recommended,238010,11052752,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Plaidygami,"This is easily one of the best games I have ever played in my life. It wasn't perfect (due to some bugs and glitches here and there), but otherwise, it was pretty damn close. May contain one minor spoiler.The story itself was absolutely phenomenal. It was nice and deep, and explored a forbidden territory. Yeah, I suppose it can be a bit stereotypical where [Future Technology] is used by a government to militarize it and then [Religious] group/s riot and organize their own terrorist groups to fight it. We've seen it in many sci-fi games and movies. Regardless, the story was still very enjoyable and captivating, and it always kept me wanting more. I never skipped any of the cutscenes or cinematics, and I really liked the multiple endings at the end of the game. I also really enjoyed the side quests. They didn't contribute directly to the main story, but they showed how other people are being affected by it, such as certain girls being forced to get augmentations for their ""job"".As far as gameplay goes, it reminds me a lot of Mass Effect, because of the conversation system (it looked almost identical) as well as the cover system. That's not a bad thing, though. Both of those things work very well with this game and let you pursue three main types of gameplays (though you can alter them as you go): Ghost, Pacifist, and Rambo (as I refer to them). Regardless of what you choose, the gameplay mechanics work well, hardly there is ever an issue with them, and there is just so much you can do in the game, such as hack terminals, or convince people to spill information, or stay in cover and kill enemies without them ever knowing where you are. The possibilities of what you do in the game are virtually limitless. It even has an open-world map that is divided into sections, so you can always explore it as you wish without having to be confined to tiny areas and be forced to do the main story missions, which is always a bonus for me.The sound design was brilliant, too. The sound effects were decent, but the soundtrack was absolutely to die for. One of the best game soundtracks I have ever heard in my life. They never felt out of place; rather, they always complimented the gameplay, regardless of where you were, i.e. exploring the city, stuck in battle, watching a cinematic, or even just screwing around for fun. I will admit there were a few points where the soundtrack ""froze"" and was stuck in a tiny loop, but that was just a minor bug that was easily solved by just saving, restarting the game, and loading. A minor inconvenience, if you will.All in all, this game was absolutely amazing. I'd easily give it a 9/10. It's a shame about the few bugs and glitches here and there, but again, they are minor inconveniences, and if you overlook them, this game is easily one of the best sci-fi games ever to be made. I honestly want to see more games made like this."
,Recommended,238010,10058279,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,Sawtooth Pennanti,"It's not often that I put together any sort of cohesive thoughts in any of my reviews, instead resorting to a ""GOOD OR BAD,"" similar to the way CNN runs the news.After playing this game for 22 straight hours, I can say that it comes highly reccomended as one of the best games in the past 10 years. Rock solid gameplay mechanics, deep progression and customization options, and a plethora of items and gameplay styles to suit any player.The game is definitely my favorite narrative experience in a game in the past year, and I could probably rank it in the leagues of Half-Life 2. It's an incredible experience with rich characters. The amount of flexibility in the conversation system is pretty great and the voice acting is sufficient (though not stellar) and moves the story along just fine.So yes, I definitely reccomend this game to anyone who likes a good shooter, or a good stealth game, or any game with a good narrative. Really, unless you spend your days playing Reader Rabbit and Freddi Fish, you need to play this game."
,Recommended,238010,18551198,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,GenezisO,+No minuses for this one.Great story.Side quests.Weapon diversity.Combat Tactics.Skill tree.Placed in alternative/possible future.Characters.Lore - you can find out many cool facts by collecting books and journals all over the game map.Repeatable story.Lenght.Bosses.Adam Jensen - badass. :D
76561198064542039,Recommended,238010,17675063,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Pansy-Tongue,"So I completed the original Deus Ex Human Revolution twice, and this just once so far.And I will start off this review by stating that this is my favourite video game of all time.The sense of mystery, the paranoia, the ambient atmosphere, conspiracy, the fluid mechanics, a very deep and developed looting system the personalities and relationships you form with certain characters and an amazing cyberpunk dystopian future which you can explore in any way you want.But what sets this aside from every other game I've played, is that once you've finished, it doesn't feel like you've clocked another game, it's an experience.10/10"
76561198149990746,Recommended,238010,31193734,Posted: 16 April,all,Soul of Apollo,"Fantastic Game, worth every cent, not fantastic because of replayability but the story is so fantastic you will feel satisfied with the game after your first completion.If you are into story games, would definitely suggest this, but the game at this point is so known you probably don't need me to tell you this."
,Recommended,238010,9804025,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Polanovski,"Truth to tell, DXHR is the most amazing stealth action game I've ever play.You play as Adam Jensen, most handsome game character ever made, that beard d'oh, makes me jealous.**BACK TO THE REVIEW**Personal Rating : ""Worth playing""Traditional Rating : 9.5/10Platform: PCGenre: Action FPS/StealthGameplay (9/10)Nothing beats this, first person combined with third person when you stealth-ing is work flawlessly. And things become more perfect since you can choose what style suits you best. Do you like stealth? sure to avoid camera and enemy, hacking into places, doing things unnoticed while taking down enemy one by one (and make a human pile with it). Or you love shooting enemy in the nuts and going uproar, the choose is yours.Story (10/10)Every. single. action you take have different outcome. You like to kill? it's fine, you like to save people? you can do it too, you want to make someone get busted? there's an option for it. and not to mention those option is only for single event.There's so many option you can do, from bragging, lowballing, anything. that makes you feel you're not tied to a single linear story. Different ending makes this game even more replay-ableCharacter, Sound, and Narrating (8/10)Sound effect absolutely awesome and well made. Meanwhile in every game you may skip every chit-chat because it's so boring, but not in DXHR, the character sub was very excellent, that you will sucked into and obviously don't want to skip it.Graphics (8.5/10)graphic is subjectively depend on the person and objectively depend on the system. but for myself, graphic was well made, characters detail was top notch. City landscape, ship, labs, and every other place, including elevator, totally awesome.TL;DRAWESOME STEALTH ACTION GAME, if you never try deus ex before, go for this game first. it sums up every other deus ex game to date."
,Recommended,238010,12064806,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,hojusimpson81,"Not as polished as the original release -- performance problems and inferior textures (unless my memory is playing tricks on me) -- but I really do like the improved boss fights and that the DLC is properly embedded in the game.Regardless, I absolutely love this game -- this series -- and play through it every couple of months. Did this on the Xbox 360, did this with the regular game, and now the Director's Cut.A perfect tribute to one of the greatest games of all time, you can approach problems and tasks from many different ways, sometimes stumbling across a hilarious or brilliant resolution accidentally. The world-building is excellent, and (most) voice acting is superb.The story is a glorious mix of classic Deus Ex with 'modern' sensibilities. Just stop reading this and go play the game already, deal?"
,Recommended,238010,8285543,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Pip Boy Roy,"Des Ex is back and here to stick around. Blending old elements from the previous games and intergrading new ones makes a perfect blend of fun, smart, 1st person, 3rd person and interesting gameplay. With outstanding visuals and a soundtrack that does it thrilling justice. This game is set in the future where corporate greed and the illuminati control the world. You play the head security detail named Adam Jenson as you try to uncover the truth of augmentations, politics, and who is really on your side. Multiple ways to play and go through the game give it amazing replay value. Your choices actually effect the world and can impact many missions and dialouge. If you are looking for a chilling story, amazing soundtrack, and a game that actually makes you think this is a must buy.Final Score 9.25/10"
,Recommended,238010,8552889,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,rude,"graphics were always a little outdated, but gameplaywise this is a good game. I'd give it a 8.5/10. Also great dialogue and interesting sidemissions. You'll enjoy this more, if you start exploring the cities"
,Recommended,238010,12187459,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,fb//Marcus Antonius,"Deux Ex: Human Revolution is the great prequal to one of the best games of the early 2000s. The story is great, and the gameplay is fun and addicting. The augmentation upgrades are really fun and add to your overall tactics. It is fun to be able to replay through a level with different tactics, wether it be full on assualt, stealth, or a combination of the two. While you can't go full on pacifist because you have to kill some boss characters, this really doesn't take a way from the game. I would say buy this game at full price."
76561198145215736,Recommended,238010,30045428,Posted: 19 February,all,PrivateBram,"Only played for +/- 2 hours and I am hooked. I have a feeling the story is going to blow my mind. Graphics are still quite nice. For only €5,- this is a must-buy."
,Recommended,238010,8311883,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,4s*,NEVER ASKED FOR THIS!
76561198106096794,Recommended,238010,14601404,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Fabuloussaurus Rex,"Deus Ex Human Revolution is probably the best game I have ever played and will always be my number one most favourite game of all time. The story in this game is just ♥♥♥♥ing amazing, the guys behind Deus Ex HR did a fantastic job and truly delivered the best and most breathtaking story I ever have encountered in a game. The music of the game is also unique and beautiful, especially ""Icarus"" wow, it's sounds like a soundtrack to a epic movie. And last but not least.. ADAM JENSENS IS ♥♥♥♥ING BADASS LIKE COME ON, HES LIKE THE FUTURE AUGMENTED VERSION OF CHUCK NORRIS DAMN. If you are a big fan of sci fi or cyberpunk and if you're looking after a game with a incredible good story, then don't miss this game out, give it a try, Deus Ex Human Revolution delivers it all."
,Recommended,238010,15333834,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Vic,"It doesn't play exactly like the original game and it does take some liberties with the overall story, but Human Revolution is a remarkable game, offering an experience that feels very much as a Deus Ex game should and plays just as well, with a captivating and intriguing plot, a terrific soundtrack and more. The Director's Cut amends the infamous boss fights, bringing them in line with the rest of the experience and also adds DLC into the main flow of the game. It's one of the best ways to play what is one of the best FPSRPGs of the 2010s."
,Recommended,238010,25102310,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Rokoshy,"No microtransactions!Do not bother with MD, buy this one instead.If you already have it, play it again."
,Recommended,238010,13247389,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,FiNESSE,Threw a trash can at a police officer.Police officer died and I was shot and killed.10/10 would throw a trash can at a police offer again
,Not Recommended,238010,13752747,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Ggdograa,"Horrible version of a fantastic game. Director's Cut is full of bugs, errors and including the Missing Link DLC totally ruins the pacing of the last half of the game. I encountered a bug as well where my HUD totally vanished and there seems to be no work around it aside from loading a very old manual save.Avoid this like the plague."
,Recommended,238010,9724809,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Taktykal,"Deus Ex: Human Revolution, a prologue to the first Deus Ex, and a masterpiece indeed. It retains all the elements that made the Deus Ex franchise captivating and interesting, such as: multiple choices, first person combat, an augmentation talent tree and stealth. The game itself is very atmospheric and the environment is great. The soundtrack adds up to the future setting of the game and creates a whole new ambient and vibe for the player. However, the voice acting can be sometimes dull, being a fan of voice acting in every game, I can say that this particular one is rather questionable. In terms of gameplay, Deus Ex: Human Revolution has done it's job, it's smooth, challenging and you need to act fast in every situation.To top it off, Deus Ex: Human Revolution is a step forward for the cyberpunk RPG genre. Hopefully, we'll some more in the future."
,Recommended,238010,8889049,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Astronema,One of the most challenging game out there if you want to get all the achievement in one run on the hardest difficulty.
,Recommended,238010,11939138,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Laces115,"My favorite game of all time. Just... wow. Where to begin?Well, the basic premise of the game is that you take the roll of Adam Jensen: an ex-cop and current security manager of Sarif Industries, a leading developer of controversial augmentations, which allow a person to be genetically and mechanically enhanced in almost any way possible. You are witness to a massacre and mysterious raid on a Sarif Plant where he and his girlfriend work, and you search to find out what happened, and where the scientists and Megan, your girlfriend, have gone, if they are even still alive. And as you go on, encountering key players in the government, augmentation industry, and military powers, the conspiracy grows deeper, starting to reveal a darker intent that expands into almost every facet of human society.Needless to say, the story is phenomenal: with gameplay and conversation based-choices that impact how the story progresses, and what others think of you, this game lets you play it the way YOU want to, not just as some on-rails shooter like Call of Duty, both based on Story and Gameplay. This game will make you think, not just about how to approach obstacles, but about what is 'right and wrong' in how humanity must evolve, what actually makes us human? How far must we go to get what we want, even if others might get hurt in the process, and more.Specifically about the gameplay: you can play this game, much like the original, in just about any way imaginable. Lethally or non-lethally, stealthily or guns-blazing, or even solving problems without having to knock anyone out or killing anyone, just by proper communication through the persuasion of who you are talking to. Outnumbered and outgunned, you can use many routes to accomplish your goal, using vents, moving heavy objects, back alleys, even hacking computer terminals to open doors, disable cameras, and turn turrets and robots off OR against your enemies.There are a variety of weapons and tools, from standard weaponry like pistols and rifles, to laser weaponry and even non-lethal guns like the Tranquilizer Rifle and Stun Gun. Each weapon can be upgraded through weapon mods you buy and find hidden in levels, and also, just about every aspect of your character can be upgraded: from health, to shooting, even hacking and taking out multiple enemies with melee attacks.Put into simple words: this game is played how YOU want to play it, performing actions and making choices based on your preferences of playstyle and even ethics. You do what you feel is right, and what you feel needs to be done to reach your goal in a world full of risks, people who will lie, decieve, and manipulate, where conspiracies are abundant in a technologically advanced world, that shows that even with advances in the world around us, humanity itself will always face the same problems that they must overcome, in trying times of uncertainty.A instant classic that you simply NEED to play. Especially if it is on sale. This game is worth playing: it's a smart, sexy, classy FPS and RPG hybrid that nails the story, atmosphere, soundtrack, and gameplay in just about every way imaginable, and is my all-time favorite game that deserves to be experienced."
,Recommended,238010,22663857,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,P-unit,Ever wanted to play a sneaky game but with like powers that let you jump on people and explode?  This is the game for you!Also if you didn't snoop into every single Alice Garden Pod in Hengsha then you ain't doing it right.
,Recommended,238010,8608832,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Phobos_s,"One of the best cRPGs of 2011 comes back with all DLCs and The Missing Link expansion.Freedom of choice, great atmosphere, and intriguing story are the main aspects of this fantastic game.Did you enjoy the old Deus Ex? Human Revolution will bring back the hours of satisfying gaming in the Deus Ex universe and the Director's Cut will add some more fun to the Deus Ex experience. A masterpiece!"
,Recommended,238010,9489609,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,IVIAY[],"I just finished the game. What to say. It was really cool game. I really liked the atmosphere of locations and music. Story is very interesting. Game is pretty long. It took me about 60 hours to complete but I played for pacifist achievement. Some people says that DC has a lot of bugs but I didnt noticed any of them. Game runs smooth and without any issues. It really deserves to be finished at least twice for different gameplay styles...""new game+"" will be interesting :) So I really recommend this game especially because it has all dlc including missing link which was made very well."
76561198100180803,Recommended,238010,19029245,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,ApexGamer144,"9.91/10 - Perhaps the most intelligent, and inspiring game I have ever played.By far the best mix of Stealth, and problem solving shooter I've had the honor of playing through, multiple times.One does not even need to know the story of the previous games. Deus Ex: HR is an outstanding blend of sci-fi, with modern urban elements to make it relatable and all the more scary that the events could happen some time in the near future.The plot and dialouge are done so well, you can't help but want more once you get through the rough start.The weapons are convinient, the combat system is rewarding and not too easy, yet not too challenging.You cannot help but be immersed in this beautifully shaped, open world through the eyes of the protagonist. A ways into the game, you will begin to believe you are him as every decision you make has heavy impact.Even after the game is completed, players feel compelled to play through again, re-experiencing the game like they had just bought it, discovering new secrets and hidden lore, all jampacked into this amazing gem of a game.I believe anyone of age, and interest level simply Must play this game through.I've already purchased the PreOrder for the Sequal, I cannot wait!"
,Recommended,238010,9057310,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Penetranus,This is just awesome! It is one of most brilliant new-RPG\action game. The story is really good and deep. Well... All words are useless. It is just great. Try it!
,Recommended,238010,9174010,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Jake,"This game sucks♥♥♥♥♥ I never killed anyone or set off an alarm and still missed out on the chievos. ♥♥♥♥ you, JJB."
,Recommended,238010,11570337,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,JiunY,"This is my fourth playthrough of this game. Twice on the original and the rest in director's cut and there are still tons of things to explore. There are so many ways to play this game, and the choices you made in the game really matters. You can either go all gun blazing or play stealth or even sweet talk people to give you what you want. Each mission has so much replay values because you can always try a different approach. 10/10 for me, all time favourite.Oh and by the way, I never encountered any bug so far in this game."
,Recommended,238010,10142745,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,audiodidact,likely my favorite cyberpunk experience. turn down the lights and let the atmosphere soak into your bloodstream.
,Recommended,238010,12857279,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Gunstable,"This is a fantastic game, far better than I expected. Every situation has multiple ways of solving it. You can play as a pacifist stealth player, or you can mount an all-out assault. The augmentation system is well-done and gives you plenty of bad-*** moments.My only gripe is that the story is so-so. The overall theme is thought-provoking -- is the idea of human augmentation good or bad? -- but the writing itself is pretty cliche. We have big evil corporations, Illuminati, subplots within subplots ad infinitum, and so on. The actual gameplay is super-fun though and makes this a must-play game."
,Recommended,238010,13478398,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,LethalFeline,"- Gameplay design that allows for multiple playstyles, whether you would like to be a cyborg ninja or an unstoppable war machine.- A beautiful, original, and consistent aesthetic that can be seen in the games many settings.- Some of the better writing in video games and the dynamic character Adam Jensen.I have very few complaints with DX:HR. About the only thing I can think of is that it is too easy if you have a lot of experience playing stealth games. Which is funny because one of the complaints voiced at launch by others was the difficulty of the boss fights for stealth oriented builds. Don't let that whining dissuade you from picking up this enjoyable experience. I'm going to say it straight up. Anyone, who said they had difficulty with the bosses, sucks at video games.Note that the biggest change to the game in the Director's Cut is that the bosses fights have been altered to offer more opportunities succeed for stealth builds and in general. I'm not complaining. The boss fights in this version are much more fun."
,Not Recommended,238010,19193431,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,The_DooMinator,"The Fallen Prequel of The Best PC Title of All TimeDeus Ex Human Revolution is a solid game on a technical point. Having beaten it numerous times in the past, it seems quite obvious that I did enjoy the title.However, after replaying the classic Deus Ex, it clicked in my mind that Human Revolution is quite poorly developed Deus Ex title, albeit solid game on its own.Story - Its repetitive flow & progressIt is centered around conspiracy, new technology for betterment of human life & its abuse by hidden society lusting for global power.It's not that the story itself is the issue. I love the idea of augmented people struggling in the streets & being discriminated. It's how itprogresses&flows.It feels like a detective game. Find a clue, this clue leads to this culprit, then the culprit directs you to yet ANOTHER culprit & it repeats till you finally discover the location of the kidnapped scientists. After that, the finale is a very short portion of not-being-a-detective-game anymore, with a lame ""boss"" fight & cut and dry ending choices due to time restraints in development process.Let's compare it to original Deus Ex story flow. You stop terrorism, blow up Universal Constructor that manufactures a virus & its vaccine, you meet members of the old hidden nearly powerless society group & join them, you sink the super-freighter, get components for the new UC, redirect nuke's target...See the variety? THIS is what HR lacks & it's a major blow for me. It felt great weakening Majestic 12's globalistic plans after every major goal was completed. HR offered no satisfactory of that kind.After credits dialog seems to me that the entire game was quite pointless to go through. You are in the mission to save five scientist, including Jensen ex, Megan & after you do, Megan straight joins Illuminati?! For what?!It's so boring & in the end, not worth your time. Even side quests were more fun. They had a variety in them. In fact, reading news was more interesting.Speaking of news, apparently newspapers were abandoned & replaced by some electronic device.Ok, so the game takes place in 2027, which is 25 years before original Deus Ex, yet in the latter, news are actually on the paper?!Heck, everything is futuristic in HR compare to the original. Makes no sense at all.Gameplay - Simplified Upgrading SystemWell, since it's a 2011 title, this already can tell you it is a consolized mess, extremely dumbed down compare to the original with its more complicated system. Though, it did improve in some places, like the ability to loot what you want instead of just right-clicking a body to get what fits in your coat, the upgrade system is what fails.Let's put weapon upgrades aside because it's no different from each other.Deus Ex 2000 - Augmentation & SkillsFor augs to be installed, you need to find an aug. canister & a medical bot.In order to upgrade them, you need to find an aug. upgrade canister, though bot is no needed.You receive exp. points for skills via completing goals & exploring the areas.Each new potential upgrade raises its cost.Deus Ex HR - AugmentationsPraxis points - Via exp. points, LIMB clinics & exploring.Unlocking takes 2 points, each upgrade takes 1.An upgrade difference example:The aug. that lets you run silent in HR, it's just 1 praxis point till it becomes fully effective after you unlock it. In the original Deus Ex, you need to upgrade it 3 times for it to become fully efficient & you need to find specific items to upgrade it.Another one I know of is Vision Enhancement. Same exact thing.TakedownsOne-press-button takedowns is an absolute ridiculous system. If you played original, you know how careful you have to be to knock out a person in that game.ConclusionCasualized gameplay, samey story flow & non-sensical futuristic setting between games is what killed it for me to play it ever again.Solid game on it's own but as a prequel to the classic, quite poor with ""modern shooter"" stigma slapped on it."
,Recommended,238010,9702351,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Boris Gagowski,"The most powerful Action/RPG, in which i played. I love Deus Ex and Human Revolution - the great game in the series."
,Recommended,238010,10190459,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Hue Hue Huey,Adding in the Dlcs and making boss battles more versatile sure made this game even better!
,Recommended,238010,11408442,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,ichibanhello,mad
,Recommended,238010,26972767,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ʢʡBTʢʡ Sin,"One of the best stealth games I have ever played. This game will forever be one of my favorite titles. Its only flaw is the combat head-on is too hard have to go stealth, no other option. The game's got great dialog and story as well as gameplay. I have played this game numerous times finding myself engrossed each time."
,Recommended,238010,19363602,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,swaveboard,"Excellent dialogue system combined with non-linear gameplay, gun blazing badass or stealthy ninja, and choices that drastically change the story and affect the outcome, Adam Jensen may have never asked for this, but I sure as hell enjoyed it!"
76561198076786888,Recommended,238010,10258945,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Hans,"This game is freaking awesome, its and RPG with the option to kill or knock out enemies.  Besides that the story is amazing and one of the best I've ever played.  The animation is great and the maps force you to look for other ways around enemies and obstacles.  I definitely recommend it to anyone."
,Recommended,238010,10068291,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,satsun,"If you haven't played the original Human Revolution, then I guess this is your only option because it looks like the Director's Cut is the only version available in the store. If you have the original and The Missing Link, then there's not much reason to buy the director's cut. The boss battles are a little different and The Missing Link is now integrated, but other than that there are no other changes or improvements to the game.When you're put into the Missing Link portion, all of your upgrades and items are taken from you. You then build up what you want and at the end of the Missing Link portion everything is returned. I hope that doesn't spoil anything. I probably got at least 10 praxis kits in the Missing Link.I was robbed of my pacifist achievement because some idiot seemed to have got himself killed when I threw an EMP grenade at the boxguard in the second Hengsha. Guess I could have restarted that area but I could also start a New Game+ and just run through a second time to pick up the slack.Still a great game. Hope they don't butcher the next releas of The Fall."
,Recommended,238010,12727644,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Kaz Dragon,"Just in the middle of replaying this game.  I'd almost forgotten how engaging it is.  Really good stuff.10/10, would get augmented again."
,Recommended,238010,8056213,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Heatseeker96,"An excellent title that mananges to blur the line between fps and rpg games. The story becomes a bit slow for a while after the intro, but in general it's great. The game also gives you a lot of freedom and includes very detailed environnements. It's also great that the Director's Cut includes the dlc, but personally I didn't find that it was as good as the main game."
76561198028988454,Recommended,238010,23496079,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Zaellia,"A fantastic stealth/action game that offers a great amount of replayability and enjoyment! While the weapons could use a bit more balancing and such (the shotgun doesn't do much for me), overall the game is very cohesive at least to me and I sunk plenty of hours into this one 100%ing it, and I even began doing a playthrough of it on my Youtube channel if anyone wants to check that out :) I highly recommend this one and can't wait for Mankind Divided!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lfQkSlkoKcQ&list=PL6xp9bm1CcL1UM8JDD7Gm2mUzFyNHxG99&index=1Full Playlist:https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL6xp9bm1CcL1UM8JDD7Gm2mUzFyNHxG99"
76561198042863132,Recommended,238010,14484106,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Mark2it,"It's one of the best games I've ever played, too bad it runs terribly compared to the previous version that ran incredibly good and smooth anytime and anywhereOh yeah, maybe it's because they decided to fire the entire development team because Thief didn't milk money as they expected toThanks Square fu­cki­ng EnixPutting it positive anyway since this game is too good to be passed"
,Recommended,238010,10529586,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,/g,I never asked for this masterpiece.
,Recommended,238010,18830719,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Unlock Liberty,"DXHR is fun and intriguing in every wayPros:Great storylineOptions for different playstylesMany, many paths to takeLots of secretsSide questsCons:Boss fights suckOne of the games you must play"
76561198338169730,Recommended,238010,35154118,Posted: 23 September,all,HitmanBarnes,"well im so happy i saw this on sale, well worth the price. I 1st played this on console when it released and cant beleive how much better it is on pc. im on a I5 6500, gtx 970 all maxed locked at 60 and not 1 drop and looks bloody amazing. Much better than console and i loved the game even then. This game is a must buy, 1 of my favs and so much beter on pc."
76561198040536336,Recommended,238010,11339095,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Scarlett,"A very Good, Awesome  Game.I would recommend this game to anyone!10/10"
76561198392931915,Recommended,238010,35115900,Posted: 21 September,all,lethancandlish,"Love this game...take the violent, shoot down all the ""bad guys"" or the much more, creative, non-lethal route - more difficult but more rewarding (in terms of exp points) - the completeness of the world also pulls you in and makes you emotionally invested in the plot.  Great game!"
,Recommended,238010,10907085,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,SOAPMAK3R,"Best single player FPS games I have played since Half Life 2. Great RPG elements and a ton of different ways to approach missions/objectives.With a lot of games, I find myself losing interest and rushing through them to move on to the next game (on my ever increasing list of games to play). With Deus Ex HR I found myself not wanting it to end, but by the end I was satisfied.If you want to see everything the game has to offer, it will take 50+ hours to complete, and in my opinion, exploration is worth it, for the story, insight into the world and the rewards of cool stuff and bonus upgrade points to put into abilities.I wish that they would listen to the fans and do a modern day re-imagining of the first Deus Ex. If they kept it true to the original, I am sure it would sell very well and be critically acclaimed (again)."
,Recommended,238010,9172468,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Dirk Action,Adam Jensen was based on me. True story.
76561197971171352,Recommended,238010,34175060,Posted: 11 August,all,Killer Tofu,Almost as good as the original.
,Recommended,238010,18055943,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Bordje |-/,"TLDR VERDICTDE: HR is really the definitive Cyberpunk RPG of today, and I don’t see that changing until the already announced sequel, Mankind Divided, releases. That, or CD Projekt Red starts talking about Cyberpunk 2077 again. An absolute must buy on sale if you haven’t played it.FULL REVIEW BELOW“I never asked for this. If you want to make enemies, try to change something. The year is 2027. It is a time of great innovation and technological advancement. It is also a time of chaos and conspiracy. I don’t even know whose side I’m on.” – Adam JensenAdam Jensen is a retired SWAT specialist and current chief of security at Sarif industries, a leading biotechnology company that is in the business of human evolution. A sudden attack on the company’s Detroit laboratories leave Jensen all-but-dead and brought back from the brink through mechanical augmentations. Six months later, Jensen returns faster and stronger than ever to hunt down those responsible…This review is written from the perspective of a massive fan of stealth action games with an emphasis on multiple approaches to scenarios. Also a fan of story driven RPGs with ambiguous morality, however I have not played any previous Deus Ex games. It may also be worth mentioning that this was my favourite game of 2011.GAMEPLAY AND DESIGNDeus Ex: Human Revolution is… well it’s whatever you want it to be. It can be a cover-based third person shooter, a first-person shooter, a violent stealth action game, a silent ghost stealth game or some sort of weird amalgamation of all of those things. The level design is absolutely stellar and accommodates all of the options listed above. The game gives you a start point, an end point and lets you figure out how you want to get there yourself. It’s down to you to investigate all the hidden nooks and crannies for that air vent or item stash and exploration and player intelligence is definitely rewarded. You get the option on how to approach combat too. Naturally, murder grants the most options and non-lethal or complete pacifism limit you more for an increased challenge. It still feels rewarding to have traversed a level without anyone knowing you there until after the fact, similarly to Hitman.Unfortunately, some players may feel limited despite the number of options, due to the nature of the character progression system. Jensen starts the game with a fraction of the augmentations he is supposed to have, requiring you to “turn on” the rest of them over the course of the game. These grant pretty cool bonuses that suit various playstyles like better armour for gunfights or seeing through walls for stealth. Unfortunately, these upgrades are tied to an XP system where you get a point every time you level up. Non-lethal and stealth playstyles are rewarded with more XP than loud and lethal playstyles. This can make players feel pressured to do everything stealthy just to keep up with upgrades even if they may not want to.The boss fights were also a pretty big gripe for a lot of people playing this game when it originally came out. They broke up the narrative as the player was force to kill them, meaning those focussed on non-lethal stealth runs couldn’t beat the game with a 100% clear conscious. It also affected gameplay as stealth players had to waste inventory space and augment upgrades on lethal weapons just for bosses. This was annoying, as most people wouldn’t use that stuff in any other context. Luckily, the Director’s Cut version of the game has reworked the boss fights, allow you to sneak around the arenas using hacking and stealth to take out bosses. Unfortunately, all the bosses still need to be killed, except for the DLC one who can be subdued non-lethally.STORY AND NARRATIVEThe story in DE:HR is wonderfully crafted. It starts as a fairly compelling justice/revenge story (depending on how you roleplay) that ends up turning into a worldwide conspiracy hunt. You go from location to location, following lead to lead without it ever feeling stale. It constantly keeps things fresh by throwing more and twists and deception without really overdoing things. There are dialogue choices which can influence things to a degree, but Adam Jensen remains very much his own character as opposed to a blank slate to imprint yourself on. There are some pretty neat sections in the game where dialogue choices have to be used carefully in order to coerce certain characters to do things by reading them and telling them what they might want to hear. It feels refreshing to have an RPG protagonist with an actual past and a place in the world as opposed to being an empty vessel with the sole purpose of driving the story forward. Of course, if you are into customisation and heavy roleplay you might be a bit disappointed.As much as people like to make fun of the “I never asked for this” line, the voice acting in the game is pretty good and serves its purpose well enough. It’s not exactly exceptional and it can be pretty jarring when Elias Toufeix (Adam Jensen) delivers lines that are supposed to be compassionate, cold, convincing, pleading etc. in the same raspy voice. Granted, it is a pretty awesome voice. The strength definitely lies more in the writing itself rather than the actors delivering it. The game is able to tackle a lot of complex themes, with a very prevalent one being the ethical implications of artificial human enhancement. I found that it really made me think quite deeply on world issues that haven’t even happened yet, but I was still considering what side of the argument I might want to fall on by the end of the game.The world and atmosphere is built up pretty nicely through NPC banter, ebooks, newspapers, pocket secretaries and emails scattered everywhere for you to dive into or ignore completely. Side quests are also done very well, with the developers having opted for quality over quantity. There are only a few of them per hub area, but they are all compelling with their own self-contained story. Regarding DLC, the Director’s Cut version of the game is the definitive one. It incorporates the DLC into the game where it chronologically goes rather that making it a separate install like in the base game. The DLC is also a very good one (they only made one) and that alone makes it totally worth getting the Director’s Cut version of the game.VISUALS, PERFORMANCE AND PC PORTDE: HR came out in 2011 and is a decent looking game for its time. The Director’s Cut version did improve some textures, but the game does still look pretty dated overall. The character models look pretty nice, but awkwardly done lip syncing on the faces during conversations is pretty jarring. The animations are all pretty well choreographed and the melee stealth kills are super satisfying as a result. The pre-rendered cinematics are a bit off putting, considering that in game engine actually looks better than most of them. Fortunately, there are only a handful of them throughout the game.The world design is where this game really shines. The game really prevails in its visual design and art style rather than raw graphical fidelity. All of the environments are designed and come together really nicely to create this ideal cyberpunk feel that no other game has really come anywhere close to. Every area looks unique and vibrant and it was more than once that I had to stop running around and just look out the window to appreciate the background of whatever future city I was in.The game performed well for me, on several systems ranging from a HD 7770 to a GTX 970. I rarely noticed any drops from a stable 60 if there were any at all. Graphics options were all acceptable with everything you would expect. The game has full support for both M+KB and controller, but you'll want to opt for the former if you can."
,Recommended,238010,14380715,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,ThatDarnOwl,"DXHR: DC has a few problems. Mostly technical issues like graphical stutter. However all of this was fixable either through toggling something in the registry and an occasional fix here and there. It justifies it's price of admission in a few ways.The biggest difference you'll notice if you bought all the DLC already and played through the game is that the Director's Cut encorporates all the DLC far better. Now you have to find all the preorder weapons in the world, and the Missing Link is fully encorporated into the main game.Not only that but they added a few interesting new features. Boss battles have been reworked inorder to allow for multiple ways to kill them. Such as hacking turrets, allowing for non-lethal and stealthier players to get past those sections. As well they added New Game Plus and Developer's Commentary. Allowing just enough content justification to warrant another playthrough.Whether it's worth your extra money remains to be seen. I for one really like the changes and I'm glad Square went back and fixed this game of it's issues."
76561198088357983,Recommended,238010,12518743,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,killer12799,"This game gets a 8/10 Good things about the game: the gameplay fun, side or main quest are great, hard stealth i like it hard, good charactors, great story, now here is the bad things about the game: bad boss fights the real bad boss fights are the 3rd one: a glitch can kill him in one hit, The 4th boss fight is killing good people:(, the endings are lame, sometimes the eneimes are stupied in a funny way :)"
,Recommended,238010,9575767,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Saleck,"What makes a person a person? At what point does someone stop being a person and start being a machine? Will the human being ever be 'upgradable' and what happens when those upgrades are rendered obsolete? Deus Ex 3 puts these questions to the player all whilst providing a roller-coaster of a gaming experience.Deus Ex 3: Human Revolution is a Cyberpunk First-Person Shooter / Role Playing Game with a heavy emphasis on Stealth, thinking through problems and giving the player enough different ways to solve those problems.The year is 2027. You play as Adam Jensen, Chief of Security at one of the largest biotechnology corporations in the United States. On the evening your girlfriend is about to make a speech that will change the face of biotechnology forever, your headquarters comes under attack from an unknown force. From here on, Adam will be, in traditional Deus Ex fashion, thrown into a world of secret dealings, sinister plots and corporate espionage.For a first game from a new studio, what they have done here is absolutely amazing. Eidos Montreal took a look at what made Deus Ex such a phenomenal game, what made Deus Ex 2 a controversial game for the fans of the original, and they've managed to create a game that not only feels like a Deus Ex game down to its core, but also modernizes the mechanics with amazing polish and care.The story is very nicely written and well paced. Since the game is set in the year 2027 and the way our technology is progressing, the story has a very real and 'close to home' feeling that the human race could well have to deal with some of the issues that Human Revolution portrays regarding biotechnology and the ability for humans to control their own evolutionary path. It's very clear that the team behind the game have been researching heavily on where biotechnology currently is and where it is going, they use terminology that you may have never heard of before but it just helps to add to this amazingly built world which they have created.The game also has a visually unique art style. The settings and costume design for characters is like nothing anyone has really seen in a game before. Don't think however that Eidos Montreal have sacrificed game play over aesthetics, this game is amazing to play.The only way to Game Over in this game is, like all Deus Ex games, when you die. There is no wrong path to take and your decisions will stay with you throughout your entire experience. This has been a staple through the series and Deus Ex 3 does it no differently.The stealth in the game is cover based. I've never been much of a fan of cover-based stealth games but Deus Ex 3 does the mechanic so well, I had no problems adapting. All the levels and the AI are so well thought and planned out, you'll be ducking and rolling between guard paths with ease in no time. Every level has enough chest-high walls, ventilation shafts and general cover that stealth is a viable option throughout the entire game.The levels are huge in size with lots of hidden elements to find and lots of areas to explore. Finding most of them is rewarded with Experience Points which don't contribute to a 'level' but a Praxis Kit instead. Praxis Kits can be used to upgrade and switch on your augmentations. Augmentations that will allow you to take down multiple enemies at once, turn invisible, drop from any height without taking damage and even punch through walls!The Director's Cut also includes the Missing Link Downloadable Content which is at least an extra 6 hours of game play. It is nicely woven into the original experience and will force you to make some very tough decisions. The outcome of the DLC doesn't really affect the outcome of the overall game but it is still quite entertaining to play.For all the things Deus Ex 3 gets right, its fault are largely centred around its boss battles. For the Director's Cut, they have been opened up to allow people with different play styles to have a better chance of beating them. Unfortunately, they seem to suffer from being inconsistent; one boss battle took me 5 attempts to beat in which I only won because the boss ended up killing themselves with a badly thrown grenade. One boss I killed with the Stun Gun of all things and one boss even conveniently managed to kill themselves when I was running in the opposite direction and not even firing at it.Don't let the boss battles put you off playing though. This is a smart and powerful game with powerful messages behind it. I was hooked right until the very end and seeing a world crafted with such love and attention to detail made me all the more sad when the experience was over. Oh well.. there is always 'New Game +' to play!Get this game and play it your way! You won't regret it!"
,Recommended,238010,29424594,Posted: 22 January,all,ocsalev,"The perfect blend of role-playing, stealth, first person shooter and delayed-consequence/dilemma simulator. I didn’t had high expectations for this game, but it ended up being a lot of fun. It’s possible to finish the game without killing anyone (except the bosses), or you can simply unleash hell over the bad guys. Graphics are a little dated but at least it’ll run on 60fps on most gaming gigs, voice-work is excellent, the characters are interesting, the story is engaging, there’s no reason not to play it. 9.5/10."
,Recommended,238010,16228616,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,C#Shared,"Human Revolution is incredible, simply put. The beauty of the Deus Ex series is that you have to think about your actions and act more tactically then you would normally do in other games, and this is shown throughout all stages in Human Revolution. As an admirer of stealth games in general, I love the fact that Deus Ex implements this capability so well into their series. You can complete the entire game without setting off a single alarm - unless of course you would prefer shooting the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of everyone in sight! Thats the wonderful point to this game: the choice is yours.If you are a newcomer to the series I couldn't recommend this any higher - you won't find many other game environments as enjoyable then this futuristic, augmented reality. It is not essential to have previously completed the others in the series, however after  the ending credits it does have a wonderful reference to the original game. An easy search on Wikipedia can help anyone who didn't understand the link/reference.Bring on Deus Ex: Mankind Divided. Can't wait."
76561198067763852,Recommended,238010,12824853,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Dumb Rock,"This game took me 34 hours to complete while still not completing all of the side missions apparently and nowhere in those hours did I ever lose interest. I even want to play through it again for more achievements that I missed on the first play through and most games nowadays fail to in interest me that much like COD Black ♥♥♥♥♥ (cough cough Activison sucks). Most games don’t have play value but this one did. This game was intense and kept me on the edge of my seat because of the amazing storyline and how well this game was compiled. The excellent graphics added to a more immersed experience to make me feel like I was there snapping a man’s neck behind a wall. The stealth mechanics were outstanding for a game that also focused on an extensive combat system with an upgrade system. I really enjoyed the boss fights as well because you had a choice to how you wanted to defeat them using hacking, pure strength and fire power, or using the environment against them, it gave a sense of freedom. The futuristic feel this game had was amazing and it was an amazing experience overall. It even inspired me to write a paper about biotechnology and how it is stealing fire from the gods for my college professor that got an A. This has to be my favorite “modern” game of the decade and I recommend that anyone who has a soul to play this game. I even let my grandmother play it and she said she almost fell out her chair when the Typhoon came, but she felt like a bad♥♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME GETS AN ELEVEN…OUT OF A POSSIBLE FIVE."
,Recommended,238010,14983597,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Lagolots,Was called out for peeping in the women's washroom.10/10.
,Recommended,238010,22874123,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Christie,Do sex.
76561198048478956,Recommended,238010,10337499,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,UdonNoodles,"The most enjoyable aspect of this game for me was the choice of lethal, non-lethal options available to me. This as well as the addition of stealth options, made this an attractive buy.With a skill progression tree and many gadgets and gizmos to use, there are a number of ways you can choose to take down your enemies.There are many achievements you can complete, offering replayability for different types of play-throughs and objectives."
,Recommended,238010,11397781,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Kevin Bacon's Bacon,I asked for this
76561198025270317,Recommended,238010,11704202,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Tesp,"This piece of art is not only one of my all-time favorites, but also a milestone in gamedesign.Why?It has an excellent story, which unfolds not only in cutscenes, but lets the player discover many details ""on the side"". If one is just gunning through, a lot of detail will be missed and the menace, which builds up more and more with every step forward, will feel less drastic.The world could not be any more authentic - same for its characters. One will encounter a lot of information about the world as a whole, about its history, about the society and its problems and tensions, ethical and political questions and international conflicts.As for the design: One of the most impressive art styles I have seen in a game so far; it all suits extremely well. The interiors, the streets, the clothing of the characters - just wow!The machanics are very satisfiying and won't get boring at any point. Augmentations, the freedom of choice at every moment, the upgradeable weapons, optional sidequests… The combination allows the player to pursuit ones very own way to complete the tasks ahead.All in all this game is simply - as written above - a piece of art....well, it has a few bugs, but none of them will keep you from finding out the truth out there."
,Recommended,238010,25197846,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,HawkStone,"No microtransactions, a full game story, improved game mechanics, and no signficant bugs.This is an engrossing game that lets you overcome obstacles with many different approaches giving the game great replayability."
,Recommended,238010,13822186,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Sardonic,"This is the best version of Deus EX: HR, for sure, including the DLC in-line with the rest of the game.Now, as to the commentary, it tells a tragic tale of a game that could have been so much more, but ran out of time and resources.  There are a lot of additional interesting insights into the creative process.I would reccomend this version of the game to those who still have not played any version of HR.Here's to hoping the team is able to pull off more of their visions for the sequel."
,Recommended,238010,8339358,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Panicinthefarm,"Great game,it can sometimes   glitch up and slow down but the story is still great,and the fighting is awesome with great upgrades."
,Recommended,238010,11793637,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Red,Without the shadow of a doupt i can say this is one of the best games i played so far. Story and depth of world is so great i felt so immerced with it. Music is great and the whole combat/stealth system. The only thing i could say wasn't quite top noth is the graphic's.Story 11/10Music 10/10Depth of the game 9001/10Graphics 8/10Should you buy this game???    YES definetly!!!P.S. Hope ther'e will be more games for EDIOS MONTREAL. xD
,Recommended,238010,22294725,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Ori,"I never asked for this...(But I sure as hell liked it.)TL:DR:An interesting and engaging cyberpunk game set decades before the classic Deus Ex game, Human Revolution is a stealth-action FPS featuring an alternate history where mechanical and cybernetic augmentations became widely spread among the world's population, with mega-corporations starting to assume control of society as our protagonist, Adam Jensen, plays a pivotal role while the world faces a true revolution.OverviewDeus Ex: Human Revolution is a game set in a cyberpunk world, with this interesting contrast between technology rising to an apex, and society facing a status of decay. The game begins in 2027 with Adam Jensen, an ex-SWAT now working as corporate security advisor for a large bio-tech company, Sarif Industries. During an attack at Sarif HQ by an unknown military unit, Jensen is critically wounded, and is forced into surgical procedures to remain alive. While Adam survives the incident, his body has undergone enormous changes due to the cybernetic augmentations. Now made a true super-soldier, with his new set of skills he must find out who was behind this attack and what were the reasons for it to have happened.The world the player meets is one with a massive duality. On one side, biotechnology and cybernetics have been taking man to new extremes, with augmented senses, intellect, abilities and giving normal lives to once-disabled citizens, painting a bright picture for some. The less fortunate, however, are faced with poverty and an economic crash with massive worldwide oil shortages, as well as the augmentees who could not pay for maintenances and a necessary drug to avoid implant rejections often end with being driven into insanity and other drug overdoses, causing a tone of tension, apprehension and uncertainty about the future. The population is polarized between those who support the improvement and usage of augmentations, as a hope for a brighter future, and those who oppose this, as it's being exploited as a mean to control the population, and blurs the line between human and machine beyond a reasonable point.Jensen's actions-- and views on this world, are only for the player to take.PlotHuman Revolution's story progresses from what seems to be a tragic incident of corporate warfare against Sarif Industries, as the bio-tech industry sparks animosity between population to the point violent demonstrations occur from both sides. These attacks, and violent demonstrations prove to be different parts of a grand scheme, as Jensen finds out the truth and the plot unravels.The story decidedly had some thought and care put into it. Details both small and large are to catch the eye and this unique world-building provides an interesting base for a debate on the matter of what measure would be human as the augmentations in the game both show how far new abilities can take augmentees, and how high the cost is when the barriers are pushed too far and start to blur between a decided human and a machine.GameplayIn Human Revolution, players are provided with a variety of skills and tactics to play through and a number of different approaches to try the game. Lethal, actiony combat, nonlethal combat, stealth infiltration and approaches, are among some of the possible gameplay tactics a player can adopt. Having done a Pacifist, a mixed and a guns-blazing run on the maximum difficulty, it's somewhat safe to say the combat and overall gameplay value will depend on how the player chooses to act, and how well they do at it.A skill tree with cybernetic augment abilities and a variety of weaponry provide the player with a number of choices. Sensing enemies through walls, optical camouflage, physical strength among others are some of the abilities the game offers, along a selection of sniper rifles, crossbows, sub-machineguns, handguns and assault weapons.GraphicsThe game is rather dated, so admittedly, graphics didn't exactly age the best. In my personal opinion, it's nothing to write home about but they do an acceptable work of conveying a good visual experience along the gameplay.Music and SoundEnvironments such as factory and laboratory interiors as well as warehouses provide this variety of industrial machinery and computer sounds, while the streets and alleys of the city hub areas give the player a sense of a busy urban center.The soundscape is paired with the original soundtrack featuring lead composer Michael McCann (also known for leading soundtracks ofTom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Double AgentandXCOM: Enemy Unknown) provides a sense of mysterious tension and a suspense among Human Revolution's world of dualities, as it's filled with a fast-paced mixture of heavy percussion and synthesizers along orchestrated pieces for combat tracks, and synth ambient tracks for non-combat situations.Personal favorite pieces include Sarif Industries' ambient theme, Derelict Row's Combat theme, ""Hengsha Daylight"" on both the ambient and combat segments, the title song ""Icarus"" and the finale's theme for theHyron Core Fight.Other NotesFor old-time fans of the original Deus Ex, this game has seemed to be polarizing due to its major differences between the original game and this piece of the continuity. While I cannot give a proper opinion yet as I haven't had the chance to fully play the classic and compare the two fairly, this should be taken in consideration. In my opinion, Human Revolution on its own merit has earned some credit despite a few issues such as some cut content.Personally, I am looking forward to see what Deus Ex: Mankind Divided has to offer into the scene.ConclusionIf you're a fan of the stealth-shooter genre, this could be interesting for you. Anyone interested in cyberpunk might also feel like checking DX:HR out. In its own merit, it's a game with a great story and gameplay, and has good promise for the upcoming sequel."
,Recommended,238010,25594746,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,D'Neverend,"Excellent game!Pick your playstyle:Stealth- be the ghost no seesBrute Force- kick in the front door and kill everythingBalanced- a little bit of bothExplore, hack, manipulate, infiltrate, exfiltrate, talk down a crazed gun man...or don'tSide missions, weapon modification, bio-modification, story rich.Sniper rifle or tranquilizer gun?Hand gun or taser?How will you affect the future?FPS with a brain... one of my favourite games!"
,Recommended,238010,17924819,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Brovah,"""I never asked for this""A lot like some of my other favorite games of all time Deus-Ex Human Revolution started out as one of those games I had heard of, but had never gotten why people loved them so much. I picked the game up along with the original and the two other games for around $7, a pretty good deal considering how amazing I consider this game to be.Story22 years in the future from right now mankind has created augmentations, essentially robotic limbs and prostetics, a field we are actually exploring right now for birth defects, veterans, and work place injuries. With the creation of more and more advanced augmentations the public starts to worry that with the steady increase of aug users, will people begin to abuse it? The actual game story (and not the backstory) starts after waking up from a 6 month coma, where you wake up heavily augmented as to save your life. You play as Adam Jensen, the head of security of Serif industries. After an attack on your company which was the cause of your coma, your new augmentations, and the supposed death of your girlfriend and 5 other scientists. As you systematically track down the perpetrators of the attack it leads you into an even bigger bunnyhole on a global scale.GameplayThe cover system and stealth mechanics feel a lot like the Metal Gear Solid series. With guards and enemies responding to every noise and thing they see. If you're jumping around trying to find a route past them, they're going to check it out. If you leave a body laying around by another guards patrol area they're going to call it in and raise the alarm. Actual combat is a bit lacking though, if you want to go all in and just shoot everything you're just going to get holes shot in you as you die in about 10 shots. Boss battles, (excluding the last one) are a bit lacking, as one battle just has you shoot the guy in the head and that's it. He taunts you for a good 30 minutes and once you get to him, bang, zoom, 6ft under. While silencers for your pistol and assault rifle are rather hard to find in the beginning, they come around later along with damage, reload, target seeking, lasers, armor piercing, and even magazine upgrades. You can even upgrade your augmentations to be able to carry more items (the inventory has a set size which is kind of BS), be able to punch through walls, be able to takedown multiple enemies, fire explosive ball bearings out of your chest and more.GraphicsMy laptop is a bit♥♥♥♥♥♥but even as it was on my computer it looked pretty good for a game released 4 years ago. You can argue that Skyrim came out around the same time but that probably had a much bigger budget than this game.VerdictAmazing game, one of my favorite single player games along with Dishonored, Dead Space, and Wolfenstein. The game itself, and not the bundle, was on sale for less than 5$. If that discount ever comes up again or even if it doesn't I highly recommend getting the game. Just remember that you never asked to have this much fun."
,Recommended,238010,8132986,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,IVIX1,"I Highly receommend this game.  I had not heard of it until I saw it in the Radeon Rewards card I received with my GPU.  I checked out Angry Joe's review for it, he seemed to think it was awesome(to which I was still skeptical).  I started playing it, and within the first hour or so of gameplay I realized this game was indeed very well done.  Anyone that really enjoys quality games will enjoy this game...ESPeically the directors cut.  10 of 10 IMO."
,Recommended,238010,9265990,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,uztegos,"Premise: Cyberpunk Science-Fiction Game with non-linear story and moral choice. True.Gameplay: Great stealth mechanics and skills choices, but the AI is rather dumb if you can outsmart them. 8/10Storyline: Immersive cyberpunk world with decent character development. 8.5/10Graphics: Standard quality graphics for 2011 game. Unfortunately the important cutscenes is pre-rendered video. 7/10Overall bottomline: I'm enjoying every second I spent with this game, but only because I enjoy stealth game. Buy this if you're stealth gamer with the ability to act at the right time. This game is not recommended for guns-blazing type of gamer. (7.5/10)"
,Recommended,238010,12749758,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,ETPC,a really smart low-key remastering of a fantastic game with very smart changes (the boss fights are SOOOOOOO much better) accross the board and with all the DLC from the previous game included and intergrated really well! worth it alone for the really fascinating commentary tracks and wacky quebecois accents.
,Recommended,238010,12879030,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Tyyr,"This is a great action/stealth game that is well worth your money. However you want to mix it up is perfectly viable. Sneaking pacifist, gun slinging psychopath? It's up to you, but fair warning, there are portions where stealth is absolutely mandatory and the game will straight up murder you for run and gun. The story is interesting and thought provoking. The zones are fantastic looking, and the upgrade system lets you customize but will leave you wanting more upgrade points (which it should).It is an absolutely fantastic game that is horribly, horribly let down by it's ending. It's ME3 levels of bad, or at the least incomprehensible and baffling. It's a very unfulfilling way to end Adam Jensen's story. My advice, buy the game, play it, love it, and just try your best to forget that the last 0.1% of the game was such a letdown after how good the first 99.9% is.9/10"
,Recommended,238010,25777797,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,yegods,"My second time completing this game, in preparation to play Mankind Divided.  I thought I noticed many things different about the Director's cut.  it felt very polished, different to some degree, and yet familiar.  I enjoyed the world building, and stealth aspect greatly.  The gun play was good, and the enhancement system was thoughtful.  I still dislike the section where they take away your abilities.  The Voice acting is terrific, and there is so much material to read about this world, that it feels real.  A+"
76561197974877837,Recommended,238010,25842580,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Spalls Hurgenson,"For all that the original game of the series was a such a classic experience, the sequels never quite impressed me the same way. Human Revolution especially had a hard time, with its horrid orange-tinged graphics, DLC-shredded storyline and terrible boss-battles. Still, it did recapture the feel of the original in many ways and that alone is enough to earn it a recommendation.The Director's Cut edition removed the gold filter from the graphics of the original released version of Human Revolution, which was a welcome change. Unfortunately, without the softening tinge everything looked too harsh and this only emphasized the age of the graphics. Similarly, the Director's Cut rolled the stand-alone DLC into the main storyline. Alas, this too backfired; while the ""Missing Link"" quest was interesting and added some interesting detail to the storyline, it had obviously been padded out. This was okay when ""The Missing Link"" was a stand-alone product but - integrated into the main quest - it overstayed its welcome and completely ruined the pacing of the main story. And sadly, nothing had been done about the awful, awful boss-battles which felt so out of place I decided to bypass them using god-mode cheats.Still, the core gameplay was solid, even though it doesn't feel half as innovative as it did 15 years ago now that every game has imitated the original. The obvious divisions of the solutions (talk, puzzle or fight) available to bypass a problem, were too mechanical and game-like to sell the illusion , and the conspiracies didn't have quite the depth or believability as those in the original. But it was still fun to creep around through the vents and take down enemies (non-lethally!) like some cyber-ninja. Some of the level design was really nice too, especially in the latter half of the game, although I felt there was too much similarity to the original game there as well. So overall it was a fulfilling experience, if nowhere near as memorable or innovate as its predecessors."
,Recommended,238010,9709001,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,R3x,"Deus Ex Human Revolution is not as much a game as it is a interactive prophetic novel. In a scientific clarity and realism, situations and persons are contrived which epitomize the philisophical challenges of these new technologies. The questions such as; what are the inherit qualities of nanotechnology, robotics, and artificial intelligence? Do they leane towars the positive or negative? Are they like other tools, in which then it is mearly defined by how they are used and seen? You see this game is filled with these intellectual riddles. Do you help direct humanity, by examplifying the usage of this technology in a positive manner? Or do you exemplify the risk of such technology going postal? In turn, situation after situation, you define the answer. You create your future.One cannot disregard story in games. It is quintessential to a quality product. This game epitomizes that. The characters, their depth, their intricatcy. Their human nature and its ability to exploit any environment and situation. It shows you humans tryin to deal with this new technology. It shows how the black market and why, it would develop. It shows you how, with so much power, it would without a doubt produce 'abuse of power.'The graphics are clean and crisp. The environment has a color tone consistent with the mood and atmosphere that the game creators were clearly trying to portray. They also never failed in producing a stylistic, yet technology robust environment. Simulateneously, they effectively showed the cotnrast of socio-economic status and their concording types of technology. There was no atmospheric shortage of visual stimulation. Although some NPC could of used better models, it is essentially irrelevent.The gameplay is a mixture, the original deus ex fused with MGS/GearsOfWar style stealth and cover. The PC is most definitely the best way to play this game. I have played it on the PS3 and, while it was fantastic, it was even better on the PC.It is still, easily, one of the best games I have played in a long time. Even though it has it's flaws, the story is so good at sucking you into the world of Deus Ex, you forget all technical wrongs and focus on finding Dr. Reed. You quickly learn it is bigger than a mere rescue mission. It becomes a question of humanity and society's right to guide itself or be guided. The philisophical depth of the game forces you to consider every move and every word, for every action has an equal re-action. So sit down, smoke a cigerrate, and get ready becauase this game will do more than entertaine. It will make you think.I must of played atleast 50 hours on this game. That time is including the original Deus Ex Humar Revolution. The game doesn't bore or disincentivise. It fosters inquisition into the truth. You want to know what is happening and why, your not forced, like so many games feel. Furthermore, what the truth is...well that is relative.This is the newly released Director's Cut, which has also been patched and is fully functional. I had absolutely no problems after the patch.Stop reading a bunch of nonesense, stop doubting yourself. This game is worth every cent, especially if it's discounted."
,Recommended,238010,13403904,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,OriginAtrocity,"After Invisible War, vast swathes of people who enjoyed the original Deus Ex clung to the common hope that Human Revolution would be a return to form. While the initial release of DX:HR in 2011 went some way to accomplishing this feat, it didn't emerge from its development completely untainted by the effects of the modern day.The story and the world were certainly much closer to the original game than its predecessor, allowing multiple methods of accomplishing the game's objectives and a near-future setting depicting the burgeoning transhumanism that the original game - set 25 years later - would have embraced.However, the main gripe that the fans had with the DX:HR of 2011 was the boss battles; the unavoidable fights into which the story shoved you which could only be done a single way: utilising brute force. This simply wasn't the Deus Ex way and, as expected, the outcry was quick to begin.Thankfully, with the advent of the Director's Cut edition, this gripe has very much been ironed out. While the fights themselves are still present - due to the adversaries being somewhat pivotal to the storyline - the arenas in which they take place have had themselves an overhaul, allowing a player to finally use their Jensen's strengths to dispatch the enemy.Now, the ""brute force"" approach is just one option of many as opposed to the mandatory route of progression. While it's not possible to simply sneak out the door and bypass the fights, those players who went for the stealthy hacker route will finally have a way to use those strengths directly, whether by controlling turrets, awakening mechs or opening up lockers full of additional supplies.The Director's Cut edition also comes with the Missing Link DLC fully integrated, meaning that instead of having to load up the DLC separately as required previously (the original editions of both come up as separate ""games"" on Steam), the Director's Cut will simply transition into the Missing Link content at the appropriate point in the base game's story, making the complete game a more cohesive whole as well as more convenient to play than the original release.And, at only £12.99, it's definitely worth it if you're into the Deus Ex series. While many will argue that the original Deus Ex, coupled with mods such as New Vision, is the better game, the Director's Cut version of DX:HR is by no means a bad entry in the series. If you were holding off on account of the boss battles or the DLC being separate from the base games, now's probably the time to jump in. It often ends up getting discounted in Steam Sales too, so there's that."
,Recommended,238010,7480038,"Posted: 25 October, 2013",all,Relict,"Quick Note: The original Deus Ex: HR entry has now been replaced by the newly released Director's Cut edition, so I will write my recommendation on this.Deus Ex: Human Revolution is an action RPG set within a modern cyberpunk world in the year 2027. You enter this world as Adam Jensen, a private security officer working for Sarif Industries. As you initially start the game, you'll see it is a time where humanity is split due to their contrasting views on human augmentations, but of course, that's not all there is to it.Story-wise, this game is absolutely perfect. The game is set before the original Deus Ex game (25 years earlier to be exact). The script is very thought-provoking and quote-worthy. As you proceed through the game, you'll be able to read scattered e-books lying around, as well as e-mails on specific computer workstations. This will give you more insight into the story. If you approach random NPC's, they will tell you their own personal views. There are 5 main locations that you'll be able to visit, all of which have their own side quests scattered around that'll also give you even more insight within the outstanding plot of this game. There are many organizations, such as the aforementioned ""Sarif Industries"" that serve their own specific purposes. There are also references to certain mythologies that serve a subtle connection to the original game.Graphically, the game has a wonderfully intense gold and black theme that is present throughout. There is a somewhat common issue that you may experience where certain glitches such as tearing and stuttering may occur, as well as character models (both face and body) acting quite irregular. However, I am pretty sure this has been corrected within the Director's Cut edition of the game. (Don't quote me on this). Textures have generally been improved also.In regards to gameplay, you essentially have two approaches: stealth or non-stealth. Hell, you could go for the mixed bag, but I wouldn't recommend it. Both styles have their own advantages and disadvantages, but I'll leave you to decide your play-style for yourself. The game showcases specific weaponry tailored to either style that you'll come across whilst playing. There are boss fights within the game that the new DC edition has reworked completely to allow players to use different play-styles instead of being restricted to a non-stealthy approach. There is also the addition of a new documentary and commentary by Eidos Montreal. Previous DLC expansions and missions have been fully integrated within the game and another new and exciting feature that has been implemented is the 'New Game+' mode. This mode allows you to carry over your augmentations and weaponry from your first play-through. For anyone who likes collecting achievements and trading cards/backgrounds/emoticons, those have also been implemented.Personally, this game is a firm 10/10. I absolutely adore this game and I could not recommend it enough. It is worth the full price-tag by far. This game is a firm number two on my top-ten list of games. Also, if you happen to own the original version of DE:HR, you'll receive a 50% discount for the Director's Cut edition. Furthermore, if you own the 'Missing Link' DLC expansion, that will add 25% to the discount giving you 75% off the entire game, which should work out as $5 for those of you in the USA and around £3.25 for the British.I implore you to buy this game. It is outstanding."
,Recommended,238010,9071975,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,White Light,"An absolute modern classic. One of the best stories to come out of AAA gaming In the last 10 or so years. Great, fluid gameplay that rewards exploration and creativity. Beautiful graphics and setting. But the most important part is that it's immersive. The world and characters all seem believable. Every part of the game just oozes detail. Its one of those games that truly draws you in and doesn't let go."
,Recommended,238010,8963794,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Leiwaan,2027: Clint Eastwood simulator.
,Recommended,238010,13086537,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,osricen,"Loved the experience. Smooth gameplay, passionate world and art. Maybe some things could have been better polished here and there (for instance cutscenes and facial animations) but GREAT overall."
76561198009761843,Recommended,238010,33312047,Posted: 6 July,all,Commander ♠ Jasina,"So I decided to visit the Deus Ex series, starting with Human Revolution.First of all, I'm gonna say it now - Human Revolution is good. It's a solid game that knows what it wants to be and follows that.You're playing as Adam Jensen - a chief of security at Sarif Industries - a bio-tech corporation. Sarif's lead scientist, Megan Reed (also your girlfriend) is about to make a breakthrough in human augmentation tech and is about to go to DC and defend her work in the Congress and you are supposed to protect her and her team. Of course everything goes wrong as Unknown Assailants break into the building, kiddnap Megan's team and leave you to die. Your boss decides to save you by making you into one of the most augmented people on the planet and boom! True, you never asked for this. Deal with it. The story itself will take you around the globe and is all-in-all pretty thrilling, but somewhat predictable.As for graphics I can't really say anything wrong about the visuals, even if the golden tint get's tiresome after some time, you'll get used to it. Although I exprienced some stutters and occasional lip desynch during conversations, I'm going to blame my laptop for that, since it's not exactly a cutting edge machine. UI is as it should be - it conveys critical information, without obstructing half of the screen. You have your health and energy, your quickbar and a mini-map.Now coming to gameplay there are 2 main styles you can play - ""pacifist"" (quatation marks intended, you'll still be brutalizing people by knocing them out, although I'm sure people on the internet will prove me wrong) or No Mercy Guns Blazin'. It is important to note that the game FEELS like a stealth game and is much easier when you decide to go sneaking around. That is not to say that you can't go in like a wrecking ball, but personally I had much more satisfaction evading my enemies. The gunplay is satisfying - every gun has its own ""feel"" to it and you can upgreade them to a degree. There is also a hacking minigame which you will spend a lot of time playing. It is not bad, so don't worry, but without investing points into hacking stuff you will have a hard time and many areas will be locked for you.Now... boss fights. Yes, there are boss fights. They vary in quality. From the infamous ""I can take 50 headshots and live"" first boss to the last one which is honestly some kind of a joke (any boss, let alone final one should be a challange in their own right... the last boss failed to be a challange. No exploits, you can defeat him very easily with propper augments and armaments.) Personally I think that the 2 middle boss fights (2nd and 3rd) were the best. They presented a challange, without being obviously over- or under-powered.As for the RPG aspect you gain experience points which are then converted into Praxis points which you can spend to upgreade or unlock new augmentations, ranging from more inventory space (that one being pretty much mandatory) to things like dermal plating or cloaking. Praxis points can also be bought at LIMB clinics but if you want to do that you better save some money because they stand at whooping 5k per point. You will also engage certain characters in what can be descirbed as ""Dialog Battle"". These were one of the best conversations in the game where you will need to take a stance to persuade your opponent to your point of view. They are much easier with CASIE social augment but can be beaten without it.Overall the game stands firmly on its two legs (be they augmented or not). It is a solid shooter and stealth game. I never asked for this Deus Ex. But it's a game that got me to love the universe.Solid 8,5/10"
76561198021556289,Recommended,238010,10139797,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Bartacus,"This game is certainly on my list of all time greats as far as single player goes. It's got everything I could wish for wrapped up into one package. A mix of action/stealth/role playing with an engaging storyline. The ability to make various decisions throughout the game which suits your style or personality & will take you on a different course of direction depending on your choices. A nice freedom of play by all means. Personally I find the music awesome with it pulling you into the deus ex universe. Everytime I start the game up & hear the music play, I'm like yeahhh I'm playing deus ex love it. The gun system is a nice touch being able to customise most of the weapons you come across once you have the parts in your possession. The Aug system is a players dream enabling you to upgrade your bionic body parts. Soon enough you will become a mighty force of reckoning. But don't let that kid you, you can still die just as quick if you become a bullet magnet. That is something I like about the game, is the fact you haven't got a health bar that can absorb millions of shots before death. A few shots or 1 good shot will still kiss you goodnight. I highly recommend this to anyone who has not played before. A fantastic game with plenty of replayability. I cannot wait for the next installment of the deus ex franchise, I know it will be outstanding so hurry up with it lol"
,Recommended,238010,14518247,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Mitsukuni,"If my top favourite game can gets 10/10 this game deserves 11/10. It's that clear. No bugs, no glitches, just perfect. I don't even say about it's story.But boss fights... In first playtrough boss fights are really hard(Yeah, there is new game+). Even they cause that you would want to have a break for a while. After second boss, mine was about a month.Besides, you can buy this game in a sale for a ridiculous price, but deserves full price anyway.Nothing to say more, just play this legend if you are not a casual player.I'm starting again for the pacifist now. Wish me luck."
,Recommended,238010,10474641,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,6ocMgun8az96,I liked it.  It's like Human Revolution but with some extra stuff.  I'll probably play the NG+ at some point too.I didn't encounter any bugs or performance issues.  I guess I got lucky.
76561198079884814,Recommended,238010,10087884,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Deli Daddy 2: Electric Gabagool,"Groban Freedman what are you doing in a Scrub Enix game?!?!?!?!!!?!?!?!!1?1?1? He cry about being a robot well millions of africans are dying of starvation in africa. You should just go to Iranistan and see how hard life is there to be an American Soldier. Seriously, this was an okay sequel to Tom Clancy Future Rainbow Cell Advanced Warfighter."
76561198060857537,Recommended,238010,33773488,Posted: 24 July,all,Scylla,"Starts off as a boring, linear shooter then it surprises you, gets better and better until the end and when you finish it, you wish there would be more.First 2-3 hours : 5/10After 3 hours : 6/10After 5-6 hours : 8/10After 10 hours : 9/10I am sure most people won't get me, but it does what Vampire the Masquerade : Bloodlines couldn't."
,Recommended,238010,13454608,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Blue Ram,One of the best stealth game ever made.10/10 blow Assassin's Creed off the water.
,Recommended,238010,27444332,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Pun[1]Sher,+ Atmosphere+ Interesting story+ Some good sidequests+ DLC included+ Multiple ways to complete an objective ( steal or hard way )+ Upgrades on weapons and augmentations
,Recommended,238010,33909690,Posted: 30 July,all,apophis13,"Total Score:  81/100, B (Deux Ex from concentrate, just add water!)Graphics and Art: 8Sound and Music: 7Story and Plot: 8Controls: 10Creativity and Uniqueness: 7Mood and Immersion: 8Length, Content, and Replayability: 6Functionality: 9Character Choice and Customization: 10Challenge: 8Deus is to me one more time!  OK, so, it was obvious that this game set out with a single goal:  to take Deus Ex, a game that some people claim is the greatest game ever made, and bring it up to date with modern graphics and better game-play.  Well, did they succeed?  Sort of.  First off, the game does, indeed, look great.  Some of the visuals are a little less than inspired, and there is a little repetition, but that's only slightly annoying.  Overall, they keep the graphics fresh and interesting while making the game -feel- a lot like the vaunted Deus Ex progenitor.  And, it does feel a lot like Deus Ex 1.  I would say, almost that it's hard to make sense of the design choices without playing Deus Ex 1 and experiencing the quirkiness thereof.  But, there are two things that make the first Deus Ex so great...interesting gameplay and an even more interesting plot.  Now, this game has an ok, plot...above average certainly, but it's hard not to invite comparison.  Wheras the first Deus Ex dove head first into the interesting territory of X-files meets internet conspiracies about world government and the illuminati, this game barely touches the issue, as though it's just a little afraid.  And, this just does irreparable damage to the plot (By the way, this game's theme is basically the same, worn out theme from the X-men and similar...we're powerful so people fear us, blah, blah, blah).  The first Deus Ex had no such fear...you start out as the Black Helicopter riding secret agent of the UN killing separatists.  So, why the fear now?  Is this watered down for the international market?  Is there a conspiracy?  OK, I'll stop now, but you get my point:)  The plot was semi-interesting at points (and the character development was well conceived) but could have been so much better.  Human Revolution was a bit short, even with the ex-pac jammed in there.  Oh, and jammed in there it is!  When you play through this level, you'll be annoyed (at least) the entire time.  I've never seen so poorly integrated an expansion in my life.  The expansion is good (enough), especially in terms of game play (cause the plot in kind of so-so as well), but wow was this a square peg pounded mercilessly into a round hole.  Oh, and the choices you make in this game are great:)  Your character is customizable, the choices have real consequences.  This part of the game was really well done.  Overall, this is definitely worth playing.  It's not quite the spiritual journey of Deus Ex 1, but it's definitely a little redemption for Deus Ex 2."
,Recommended,238010,28739475,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,agriba,"Human Revolution is a Shooter/ Stealth game with heavy ammounts of RPG elements that asks you to make some major choices, like do you want to play it as a stealth or shooter for example.This is a well polished, well put to gether game and everything  you excpet out of a AAA game.  The game play is engrossing.  The options given to you seem meaningful.  The world is well crafted and expansive (while not open world, the use of large hub-worlds is even better givning the player space to explore while still keeping the game focused).  Finally, the story is strong enough to get you engaged.And all of this is true, at least at first.  Human Revelution though, is a game that suffers the further you proceed and really collapses in on its own wait.  Not to undercut how wonderful this game is, but there comes a point where the gameplay stops to be compelling, the choices seem pointless and the story becomes downright stupid.As bad as all that sounds, I still think this game is almost a must play.  The game works so well for so long that I highly recommend it.  The fact that it falls apart at the end doesn't take away from how strong it starts.It's not a game I recommend you finish, but considering the large ammount of play time you can squeeze from it; that is all right.  Find some time to play this game."
76561198120388206,Recommended,238010,30272835,Posted: 1 March,all,boricua9904,"Absolutely a phenominal game. The best story in any shooter I've ever played, with philosophical themes ranging from what it means to be human to questioning the price of progress. The game also covers many contemporary thoughts about social equality, wealth inequality, corporation rights vs the people's right, what life is like in a police state and what happens when a few men without morals control the outcome of an entire generation. For gameplay itself you can approach it stealth style (metal gear solid esque) or go rambo and try to kill everything in sight (this usually ends in failure though). There is quite a few different weapons for each approach, for example tasers and tranqs for stealth, machine guns, rifles and rockets for rambo. You can upgrade most of them with items you find for exploring areas or sometimes upgrades you can buy at blackmarket dealers. There is also an upgrade system for you character which allows you to do things such as sprint faster, get more armor, hack computers easier etc. Overall this work of art gets a 9/10 from me, if the shooting mechanics were a little more unique I might give it a ten. Definitely worth the sale price and possibly the full steam price if your into near future style shooters. (btw my first review)"
,Recommended,238010,25732661,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Merim,"I had alot of fun playing this, the story is really good. The game is different from the others, as this is a different character and from what I remembered, its a prequel. This game brings interesting conspiracies, and its really great. Like other games, depending on your actions will have what others think of you, but you progress through nonetheless. Whether you kill someone, you spare someone, you save someone, you left someone to die, all entirely up to you. This game is amazing, and took a real long time to finish it.So whats your choice? Lethal or non lethal, save someone or kill someone, save a million people or save one person that holds the knowledge to save the world. All is up to you."
,Recommended,238010,10479406,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,WildClown,"I love cyberpunk and most of my friends know about it. One of my favorite anime - Ghost in the Shell, and one of my favorite movies - Blade Runner, it's no surprise that I appear a big fan of this series of games. Here it is possible to feel oppressive and depressing atmosphere of the future, filled with dark secrets and war corporations. The game world is saturated with dirt and despair, as part of the story is a good detective story. Unfortunately GOTY edition contains technical errors, and they can interfere with the normal game. But if you omit them, and minor flaws in the gameplay, you get a great role-playing game in the entourage of cyberpunk with interesting dialogue, ambiguous moral choices and entertaining storyline."
,Recommended,238010,20432813,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,HENGZILLA,"This game really delivers. The gunplay is fun. The stealth is even better. The story is compelling in its own right. The world feels alive. Choices actually matter. Dialogue is fun and engaging. Exploration is fun and rewarding. Every situation can be solved in more than one way. And honestly, I can think of plenty more pros. It just has so much going for it.The only real complaint I have with the game is the poorly balanced skill tree. There are several skills that are just completely worthless (countdown timer) and others which are super essential (cloaking). It doesn't feel balanced in the slightest, but not everything can be perfect. And if that's the only bad thing this tough critic can say about it, then it's pretty damn good."
,Recommended,238010,18618227,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,David0vić,"This game is a f*cking masterpiece and if anyone says otherwise i will punch you in the throat! This game surpasses the original in every aspect in my opinion i can't decide if this or mgs 5 is my favourite stealth game. Amazing story, amazing gameplay, amazing soundtrack, amazing visual design and atmosphere, amazing depth. I even like the boss fights everyone b*tches about.10/10 would play again on hard without killing anyone"
,Recommended,238010,19749341,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,iN008,"Human Revolution is engrossing modern take on Deus Ex. Fantastic visual design coupled with a killer soundtrack; with superb tracks like Everybody Lies, creates both atmosphere and tension almost unparalleled, all of which correlates into a story of deceit and mystery. Comparatively to the original the story flows better at the cost of being more linear and the gameplay is easier. Imperfect for sure, yet managed to keep me enthralled in both narrative and world. Definitely worth picking up."
76561198145630084,Recommended,238010,35188877,Posted: 24 September,all,Archenius,awesome
,Recommended,238010,23780672,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,fyjo,"The game lets you choose :- to kill or not to kill- going loud or being a ninja- hack the door or sneak through air ventI really enjoy the time spent in the game. Just one thing I wish to change in this game, it's how the sneak / hide mechanism that change to 3rd person. If it stays at 1st person, it would've been more immersive and realistic. But this is of course my personal opinion.Anyway you play the game, you'll enjoy the gameplay and the experience it gave.10/10 would hack other people's houses again"
76561198031248721,Recommended,238010,13442509,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,StephenBased,"I played through this a couple years back on Xbox 360 and I have decided to try the PC version. Fantastic art style, music, and combat. A must buy for anyone that loves role playing games. 9/10"
,Recommended,238010,23858061,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,retroid,"Played this game on release back on 2011, and I must say first things first, it has visually aged quite poorly for the most part, unfortunately, especially when i remember being absolutely blown away first time playing it. The director's cut version of this game provides the extended DLC called the Missing Link that was I believe to be a separate game (typical transaction bs from publishers). REMINDER: THE DLC PLAYS IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE MAIN STORY, IT IS UNMISSABLE, so don't worry about somehow skipping it.Human Revolution is a game about politics, philosophical questions on what makes us human, and throwing vending machines at people. It is also set in the Year 2027, which from playing the game, it seems they probably shoulda pushed the years quite a bit further into the future, because we are FAR from reaching this point in technological evolution.The game's story, characters, and development throughout is refreshing, and the atmosphere put down on the table is one of a futuristic Renaissance-esque type, floral patterns and colouring indicating a style they were going for. Quite different from the original Deus Ex's straight up cyberpunk atmosphere. The change, while making it more mono coloured, is a very unique one, giving it a very distinct feeling.The soundtrack also deserves a special mention because it truly encapsulates the feeling of Deus Ex on a whole, providing an epic score of emotional but revolutionary sounding music, blending a mixture of the old and new.The gameplay itself is one of great variation, and like many stealth games on the market, like Dishonored and MGS, the game provides whatever playstyle you want to go for, whether it is guns blazing, stealth approach making little noise, strongman which can jump 3 metres in the air (no I didn't make that up). The best part of this is, unlike other games, where the options are available but are gimmicky, and provide no real advantage over just doing the same thing over and over, is that EVERY playstyle is important. playing non lethal and stealth will punish you in some aspects, along with rewarding in others, so preferring to one playstyle will make it more difficult on the player in certain areas, and vice versa.It really feels like the developers wanted to balance out the augmentions (essentially your character's skill trees) to make it feel like you werent some overpowered player, unlike certain games like Dishonored, where you become some one man army. Careful preparation and strategy is rewarded in the long run, and can also affect the game's AMAZING variation in speech in dialogue based on decisions and choices, along with your own playstyles. characters in game will react differently to your different playstyles, while one person may like your upfront ""kill all"" playstyle, another character may take interest in your ""stealthy infiltration"" playstyle. The game makes replayability a joy, just like the first game in the series.I didn't wish to discuss the story, because while it is incredibly good and engaging overall, it is best that the player unravels it himself, and like I said, you carve your own path based on decisions, so most people's storylines will vary.Overall, a game of incredible depth and enjoyment, a close call to its ancestor in the series, and shows what developers can do when they are creative.Here's hoping to a successful and wonderful sequel, Deus Ex: Mankind Divided."
76561198023571245,Recommended,238010,8332227,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,♥,"Ineveralways asked for this game.This game has an engaging plot and the best protagonist in a long time in any game.Best purchase of my life and the best game of this decade,century and millennium.Ps.Dogmentation"
76561198060557532,Recommended,238010,8990985,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,GhostEcstacy,"Stealth And, Philosophical Masterpiece.Perfect Score 10/10"
76561198072826033,Recommended,238010,29160133,Posted: 10 January,all,Yer Daddy,"Simple. But complex-My Experience- I was babysitting two dogs for family and this was the only game i could find and decided to delve into the Deus Ex world and see what the fuss was about. After playing it and going absent a while, i was then recommended itThis game has a great story and 2 possible ways of playing it.Full force all guns blazingStealth and mercy knock outs-Atmosphere-The game does alot in the sense of putting an amazing futurisitic outlook. Even more so when you hit the Asian levels.Even the music is good and suspenseful! Tense and fearing-Gameplay-Initially it is hard to get used to because im so used to the gameplay of standard shooters. But eventually you work around it.Although a shooter, it is mostly a stealth and minimalistic invasion game. The shooting is averageThe cybernetic side of the game is exceptional and, like previous said, the two types of gameplay in my opinion will make you have to decide what you really want from your upgrades and cybernetics.Interaction can work itself well, thought be wary of one or two issues with the,,, main characters love interests mother side quest as it can cause issues,,,,Thoroughly enjoyable and a good idea for a futuristic game plot!"
,Recommended,238010,9844233,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,That Weird Gryphon Thing,"I love it. Hidden passages, large guns, difficult gameplay with breif respite and a compelling story. All ingredients you need to have a good game. Thing is, that if you don't know what's coming up in some parts of the story, you're going to die a lot. Still a great game that even on the easiest setting is a great challenge for those that love a good challenging game from time to time. There is even the occasional curveball to make the game even harder at parts, even if you know what exactly what to do. Overall, the game may be hard, and you might die often, but it's the kind of game that despite that, it is fun anyway. Also, save often."
,Recommended,238010,9645482,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,TheSmoker,Excellent!
76561198003688092,Recommended,238010,8805686,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,halflifenihilanth,"A worthy successor to Deus Ex and a truly remarkable experience, if you're into the genre it's a must buy, and even if you're not you should most certainly consider it."
76561197972292749,Recommended,238010,9959152,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Turbo,One of the best stealth experiences in any game. Excellent story and gameplay. A must buy.
76561198009049014,Recommended,238010,11110771,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,chrisoldham1,"I originally played this game on console a few years ago, at the time it became my favourite game. I had to buy it on PC and I'm so happy that I did. The game's story is incredibly immersive, it's a believable not too distant future in which cybernetic augmentation has become common place and you play the role of one such augmented person. There are a wide range of skills which you can upgrade as the game progresses, a range of weapon choices and a multitude of side quests. Even if you try to rush the campaign it would likely take you well over 20 hours but once the story takes hold you'll find yourself completing every side quest you can find. The game is often stealth orientated but if you choose an all guns blazing approach is your choice to make in every situation. The Director's Cut is available, offering even more missions and options including stealth aspects to boss battles.You can make choices as the game goes on and every choice matters, your skills will limit your choices too so depending how you upgrade will depend how the story plays out, offering multiple endings. Once you've finished the game, you can start again, choosing new skills and playing a different story. This is one game that will stick with you! If you enjoy a bit of gritty sci-fi and some very well designed free roaming levels with an in depth upgrade system, then this is the game for you!Pros:•	Wonderfully atmospheric graphics.•	Adaptable story, choices with consequence.•	Wide range of weapons and items.•	Multiple ways to complete missions.•	Addictive and realistically paced story lasting 40+ hours on a complete playthrough.•	An excellent upgrade and levelling system.Cons:•	Despite a choice of methods to each mission, the game is heavily geared towards stealth."
,Recommended,238010,10742285,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Farenly,I asked for this.
,Recommended,238010,16305448,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Kolomast,"Gem in gaming industry.Playing as Adam Jensen, an ex-SWAT specialist,you can both kill and be pacifist,you can play in old ""Rambo"" style and you can be stealthy hacker who avoids every contact with enemies,turning their weapons against them,Only flaw is necessity of fighting boss battles which abolishes a concept of game where you don't need to kill anyone(like original Deus Ex),but that is one flaw that can be overlooked.All in all,masterpiece,plus the story is amazing,especially if you are fan of conspiracy theories."
,Recommended,238010,8627087,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Scarin',"I really can't think of anything bad to say about this game, other than that it ends. Everything, from the music, to the story and setting, to that rush you get from finally sneaking into the optimal position to punch an enemy in the face and slipping into the nearest air vent with his money, is satisfying in ways that few other games can replicate.If you feel the need to play just one hard-boiled science-fiction action/stealth/hacking/chatting/CONSPIRACY game this year, ask for this and accept no substitutes."
,Recommended,238010,14285527,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,3RDplayer,"Deus Ex: Human Revolution attempts to be like its ancestor as it borrows some aspects of the original Deus Ex, the game many people consider to be the very best video game ever created. True, you haven’t seen a game like this in a very long while and true, there aren’t much games of its kind that need you to think more as usual, but Human Revolution still can’t hold on to its legendary ancestor as to many graceful aspects of the original got dropped.==Comparison==Instead of a wide variety of melee weapons like the traditional crowbar, combat knifes or energy prods does Adam Jensen use his fists or the to his arms in-build weapons to take enemies down. J.C. Denton would be thankful if he had the ability to benefit from this kind of combat back then if you consider that the first game is set several years later in the future. Another hilarious trivia is that ordinary door locks are non-existent and every door is locked through hackable computer-terminals. The hero of the future… I mean from the past now needs Stop! Virus or digital Nukes to gain access to places or information he desires. The times are over in which you as the player have to store lockpicks or multitools to open doors or to bypass laser-barriers. You don’t need to carry energy-packs around to recharge your mighty energy-prod since the protagonist himself is a portable batteries, recharging his in-build weapons and augmentations with tasty cereals. If J.C. Denton would drink too much alcohol, then he would wake up in a dark backstreet, not knowing what happened to him last night, while A.J. gains extra healthpoints beyond his vitality if having a party with friends and playing drinking-games. The overall health in HR up to 200 points removes the need to give crippled body parts medical treatment.The above things are just the most eye-catchy changes between the original Deus Ex and Human Revolution that lead me to the most obvious difference: Afterall, Human Revolution is meant to represent a golden age and the original Deus Ex had the world on the edge of collapse with a massive schism between rich and poor, city states and a worldwide pandemic. Human Revolution adopts our current presence, imaginations and possible technology, even though it doesn’t explain why the old-fashioned door locks and lockpicks are gone. Even the story and plot of Human Revolution is a half-done conspiracy. Except of two characters, none of the other personalities the player meets seem to take a leading side role during the game. Most characters appear only to give the player quests instructions and then disappear forever. Anyways, with all the above mentioned changes, one thing still exists in Human Revolution: Choise. A lot of it! But this choice is a lie.==Infiltration==A.J. moves from limited section to section during the infiltration parts, but can move to each area through vent shafts, back doors or emergency ladders. Sometimes these security holes are protected by laser-barriers, stuck by moveable cardboard boxes or defended by automatic turret- and camerasystems. Sometimes for the franchise atypical boss fights await you. I’ve read these boss fights seem to be pretty difficult if the player didn’t pick the right combat augmentations beforehand depending on his play-style or faces the battle unprepared. But my experience told me that this battles just can easily be won by taking cover and throwing emp- and fraggrenades until a pre-rendered cut scene ends your misery.==City Hubs==This now sounds like Deus Ex: Human Revolution got a “from mission to mission without much foreplay”, but isn’t exactly the fact. Most of the game throws the player into a so-called city hub, a big area he can explore and do quests in. These hubs aren’t as big as the ones from the original game, but still are full of life, including the worlds society. People walking around, meet each other in bars, coffees or back streets doing their thing. Some quests are directed to the player while many sidequests can just be found by exploring or even made easier if you exterminate all hostile, for example in street gang territories before you even think to accept the quest. The matter of choise even is available in the city hubs. You can for example talk your way through the Detroit Police precinct or explore the area around it to find secret entrances and then sneaking your way through the precinct and to your quest objective without being seen.==Augmentation Upgrades==There is exactly not really a choise in picking augmentation upgrades in Human Revolution. In the original, the player had to decide what he wants to plug into his body since space for upgrades was limited. J.C. Denton could either plug in an augmentation to make him grab heavier objects or one to give him better accuracy. Once installed augs couldn’t be exchanged. Adam Jensen seems to have a more advanced technology at his disposal, because he can max out all his augs to the end of the game and only needs to choose the most critical upgrade to the players play-style during the early game. This leads to A.J. being the better cyborg than J.C. Denton from the original Deus Ex even though the first one takes places in the future after Human Revolution.==Conclusion==You see, the new game seems to bite itself into its own tail in many things compared to the well written and designed Original. Deus Ex: Human Revolution is about to become a cult classic of the future. In the next twelve years, many people may look at the game and say “This is one of the best video games ever made because there wasn’t coming anything as near as close to it for a very long time.” And who knows, maybe they’ll speak the truth."
,Recommended,238010,14358889,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,spire,Awesome!
,Recommended,238010,13233915,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Neuroplasticity,"Deus Ex:  Human Revolution does justice to the original.  With the augmentation system, you can approach every obstacle in multiple ways.  And this opens up gameplay to multiple styles -- whether you go guns blazing, or stealth your way (a la Metal Gear Solid).  This is a game worth multiple playthroughs since you can always vary the approach."
76561197963473667,Recommended,238010,15974060,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Jan Berglund,"Great game and also a pretty good solid story. This games even does it good to make aware of the upcoming AI-tech which also gives some thoughts after finishing which is very neat.Gameplay could be a bit buggy with enemy AI, but still very intense.I would totaly recommend this game, this game brings you closer to blade runner than any other game out there."
76561198095198462,Recommended,238010,13455954,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Stevie Wonder,Great game.Easily worth the 4 bucks you spend on it.Great story
76561197987786000,Recommended,238010,9343409,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,VORTEX,"Have I played any of the Deus Ex series before this?No, Deus Ex: Human Revolution - Director's Cut is my first.Is the gameplay long?Longer than I expected. Infact, I didn't feel repetitive at all as the augmentation enhancement really made the experience unique for every situation.Story line?It's original and the plot is quite good.Worth buying?Need I say more? If you are a sci-fi fan, just get the game and experience the human revolution."
,Recommended,238010,9808891,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Nox,"'I never asked for this'This game is excellent for those who like futuristic themed game, the stealth mechanic might be weird (One guard got alerted for a moment then everyone turns into alert mode) but you'll get used to it, the story is the best part of the game, the combat system is not like any other game, this isn't call of duty where you can rush, shoot, and recover quickly, overall this is one of the best Deus Ex of all time...."
76561197972038714,Recommended,238010,8313726,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,AngusDestroyer,"The Director's Cut additions make a great game even greater. The re-worked boss fight, while at first subtle, have major differences and allow you to make different decisions on how to take them down instead of riddling them with bullets. The game itself is a worth succesor to Deus Ex 1 and Deus Ex 2. The conspiracy is interesting and leads into the first game very well, the characters are all very well voice acted, and the stealth is great. The only problem I have with the Director's Cut is the inclusion of the expansion into the main game. While it does make the game longer and fit with the story, it breaks up the pacing pretty significantly as your upgrades and weapons are taken away. You do get them back at the end, but it does feel odd. I would highly reccomend this game to anyone has not played the original or hasn't played it since release."
76561197971324015,Recommended,238010,10407180,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Juni0rM1nt,Absolutely Loved DX HR! Infact I'm playing through it again from Start to end. One of the best games I can remember!
,Recommended,238010,9095636,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Geers,"One of my favorite stealth based games on PC. Human Revolution is very unique in it's multitude of options to go through areas be it stealthy, guns a blazing, hacking various robots and turrets, etc. Perhaps one of the weakest points were the skewment of difficulty of bosses against stealthy, non-lethal players, but said weakness has been alleviated in the Director's Cut so wooo"
76561198007771866,Recommended,238010,10558315,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Strikeman,"Played the original human revolution. This game got me immediatly due to the theme. I like the conspiracy concept with the near-futuristic slightly possible technological advancement.The added missing link will boost the playtime, however, after completing the original within 30 hours, I was a bit shocked by the ease of difficulty imho. Maybe this is due to me playing Deus Ex 1 a lot ;). I should note that i didn't do all the side missions, not looked for all the books.The biggest downer after playing 20 hours or so is seeing 2 hub districts and realising these are the only 2. Though I did not expect anything, I was hoping for a larger plot, and maybe 1 more hub city. The missing link, nor the directors cut don't feature a new hub city, though there was mention of it during development.All in all, I'd recommend this game due to theme, game franchise done right and gameplay. The story is ok, a bit short in my humble opinion. The difficulty could've had 1 more mode (the 'do not sound any alarm achievement' was easily achievable) where the AI would shine more."
76561198081041434,Recommended,238010,8953409,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Vyti,"[Small Spoilers]Deus Ex: Human Revolution - Director's Cut is a solid first person action/stealth game set in a wonderful, cyberpunk future. You play as Adam Jensen, an ex-swat member, who now is the lead security at a massive biotech company. After an accident at the facility, you became badly wounded. Thanks to the power of ""augmentatioins"" you were rebuilt, and now possess many possible enhancements to help better your stealth, combat, and various other things. You're tasked with finding out what actually happened the day of the attack, why it happened, and who is behind it.For my playthough I mainly focused on stealth. Other than boss fights, which even after being enhanced in the Director's Cut are still dull, I did not have kill a single individual (which I really like). Exploration, things like finding hidden air vents to crawl through, hacking doors, and hacking into computers, are really satisfying and help set the atmospehere. I encountered a glitch late game that didn't let me progress, but other than that I found few bugs.Deus Ex: Human Revolution - Director's Cut is a soild game. I highly recomend it, especially if you're a fan of steath.Gameplay: 9/10 (Focusing primarly on stealth, not gunplay)World Design: 7/10 (The ""hubs"" are made of many different levels, because of this it can sometimes be confusing on where exactly you're susposed to go.)Graphics: 7/10Voice-Acting: 7/10 (The main characters are voiced very well, but some of the minior characters are absolutly horrible.)Overall: 7.5/10"
,Recommended,238010,9739147,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Deisthan,"It's a masterpiece in my view. I always want to play it over and over again. Sometimes the enemies can be stupid enough to don't see you while in direct eye contact but it's a game I can't judge it. It gives you multiple choices. Like kill or spare and go slient or loud. You always have to choose the sensible choice depens on your situation. You play as an ex-SWAT Adam Jansen. The whole game connects to you because you are special. I am not giving any spoilers so find out yourself. But sometimes it can be confusing because there is so much detail and miscellaneous things. You should focus on the main problem and the main story. Of course there is side quests which give more experince points and some information about the main quest but you don't have to do those in order to complete the game. With ""Director's Cut"" version ""Missing Link"" DLC comes along with the game. There is a lot of weapon selection and weapon setups. Silencer, laser targeting etc. You will definetly enjoy this game. And don't forget to check ""Praxis Kit Locations"" on the Steam Forum because you are going to need it. :)"
76561198098132753,Recommended,238010,9749744,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Dicks4Nipples,"This game is so intense. I just played it all the way through and I have no idea what to say. Just, wow. This game is right on about so many things that we choose to do on an everyday basis. How far we push things. How we don't stop trying to improve science and technology. How we become so obsessed with trying to better our lifes and the lifes of others  that we don't actually stop and think the problems that may come in the long run. Deus Ex: Human Revolutin - Director's Cut is by far, the best game I have played all year. I strongly recommend getting the game. Not only is it action packed, but I believe that it will make you stop and think."
,Recommended,238010,8350812,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,TheDailyDino,"!!! DEUS EX !!!Fortunately, the massive hype surrounding 2011’s “Deus Ex: Human Revolution” was matched by an equally outstanding game. With its beautifully-realized cyberpunk world; stealth gameplay that rivaled top-shelf espionage titles; enough conspiracy theories to shake a tin foil hat at; and, best of all, its return to the “play how you want” formula that made the first game so good, “Human Revolution” was a success.Despite its brilliance, “Human Revolution” was far from perfect, bogged down by unfairly difficult boss battles that were skewed towards specific play styles, the occasional bland texture, and sometimes wonky enemy A.I. The Updated Version of this game ""Director's Cut"" has solved these problems and polished the game so much more.The main complaint of the game, to date, is its color choice while looking through Adam Jensen's augmented visor. A hew of yellow coats the screen. Acourse this can easily be solved with any one of the many many graphic mods for this game revealing it's true colors. The color choice, for me, was never an issue.With its flowing, open approach to mission structure, thoroughly engrossing story and gorgeous visuals, this is the kind of game that all others should strive to be. While there are some elements that don't feel quite as developed as they should have been, and augmentation is more Hobson's choice than true choice, Human Revolution provides a level of quality that only the most adamant cynic could fail to be impressed by. More importantly, it is everything a fan of Deus Ex could want in a game.I highly recommend this game to anyone who loves Si-fi worlds and rpg based games. A ""Must Play"" game for sure.- XeroSyphon"
76561198016839744,Recommended,238010,9705076,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,^1Joey ^2Wheeler,This game is awesome
,Recommended,238010,30089314,Posted: 21 February,all,ywaiN,"It's 2027, and the world reaches new heights in technology with every day passing. New innovations arise, such as augmentation implants that allow people to achieve an higher level of body prowess such as thinking faster, move faster, and act faster.However, this apparently incredible technology is hiding a terrible flaw: in most of cases people bodies do not react well with their mechanical parts, causing excruciating pain and suffering to their owners.Many industries in the world are trying to obtain a new type of augmentation that can solve the issue, without the need for augmented people to take on drugs in order to relieve.Sarif Industries is very close to achieve this, however soon before the research is completed the structure is savagedly attacked by a team of mercenaries which seem to murder every scientist in cold blood.Adam Jensen, the playable character, head of security in Sarif Industries, is involved in the attack and suffers severe body trauma, almost dying from it. However he turns out to be still alive when medical aid comes, and the only way to save him is by implanting augmentations on his body.After six months spent recovering, he decides to take on himself the investigation about the slaughter:eventually he will find himself in something way bigger than he expected, involving governments and corporations worldwide.The game, which is a prequel of the first Deus Ex, is strictly loyal to the original, featuring many different ways to solve missions, which the player will discern based on his/her playstyle.Many easter eggs about the first game are present, which add a well thought touch from the developers.Worth noticing are the game's length and focus on the plot: the story results interesting and the characters' development is to be praised as well."
,Recommended,238010,25462627,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Gitting Gud,throwing trash cans simulator
76561198007535022,Recommended,238010,12510483,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Martin Silenus,"This game will make you think about problems, which will undoubtedly become extremly important for all of the humanity in the very near future.Play it and be prepared."
,Recommended,238010,9281228,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Zardu Hasslefrau,"Deus Ex: Human Revolution - Director's Cut is an amazing game with all of it's weaknesses fixed. Terrible bossfights used to be it's downside but now it's completelly rewamped and allows you to kill bosses with bit more of variety. If you wonder whenever you should buy this game or or not I'd say it's worth full price. It's well written, well executed game which will make you play it more than once. You may play how you please (rambo mode or ghost), but I find it more challenging and fun to play as hacker/ghost type since you heavily rely on stealth.You play as Adam Jensen ex-swat who got augments against his will and is pretty conflicted whenever he speaks to somebody about it. As much as he tries to look like a victim his augments makes him BAMF. Anyway after accident in which his girlfriend died he tries to live on as an augmented person. 6 months after he got augmented he got a call from his boss asking for Adam's help. And so your journey starts to find who's responsible for an incident in which Adam's girlfriend presumably died and destroyed her research and why terrorists wanted to take out Sarrif Industries out of augment bussiness.Overall good game, finished it 4 times and enjoyed it 8/10."
,Recommended,238010,17112501,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,IgnisPerpetua,"Hands down one of the best games I have ever played in my life. The storyline was engrossing and it raises some major dilemmas about both our future and our present.Pros+++++ Get to beat the crap out of people again and again in an immensly pleasing fashion (still wondering whether all of those nonlethals actually were nonlethal)+++ Plot+++ Really makes you think about our worldand your final decision is really hard (at least for me)++(+) Great character development++ Gameplay (I really enjoyed it, I played stealth and takedowns almost exclusively and boy was it fun)+ Graphics were pretty niceCons- Conversations were sometimes a little weird (not the dialogue, how people moved as they talked)I'm probably missing something, but that's about the majority of it!10/10 worth your money!Better be the right f***ing boat this time"
76561198011996396,Recommended,238010,9214470,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Arawn'Aun,"Excellent game all around.  I'd recommend it just that much more for people who really like to explore and become immersed in a good story.THE UPSIDE:Great story that somehow manages to combine a frighteningly possible future with a slightly ridiculous one (IMHO).  There are numerous opportunities to really engross yourself in the 'blade runner esq' universe.  While there isn't anything super innovative in the cover mechanics it's very polished and smooth.  The different chooses in play style really let you decide how you want to advances through areas.  There are generally not one, not two, but three or more different ways to accomplish almost all the objectives in the game, using various augments, stealth, manipulation or even brute force.  There are many paths and alternative ways to go about virtually everything.THE DOWNSIDE:I have two major complaints about the game... the first.  I LOATH the way the game handles 'lethal' take downs.  Not being able to silently take down an opponent lethally is just comical.  Some of the take downs are SO over the top and just ridiculously unnecessary it makes no sense why you couldn't simply use your blades to quietly dispatch an opponent, but instead are forced to do this elaborate take down which could do nothing but draw attention.  Conversely the 'non lethal' take downs being no less over the top (most of the time) are silent despite the guy being thrown about and clearly verbalizing this 'discomfort'.  In a game that does such a great job with immersion i find this very irritating.The only other complaint i have is with the hacking. Great little mini-game the first 50 times... the next 100 are pretty damn irritating... after that you want to just cry.  The problem is if your like me and enjoy the enormous amount of back-story hidden behind the terminals found throughout the game you find it very hard to just skip them.THE LOWDOWN:  7.5/10It's good not great... the game was a good fit for me... but i can see people who arn't as concerned with immersion finding this game pretty tedious."
,Recommended,238010,23643759,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Protektive,"I can easily say this one of the most thought-provoking truly enjoyable games I've played. There's a host of pros and some cons to any game. And plenty of other in depth reviews will give you the info you need. If you're at all interested in stealth and gun gameplay, choices, cyber-punk settings, existential questions about humanity and cool gear.Give it a go."
76561198367951755,Recommended,238010,33131842,Posted: 2 July,all,Ridley,"When Alpha Protocol was completed, I thought I`ll never see any good spy games ever. Deus Ex HR proved me wrong. I`ll try Mankind Divided next."
,Recommended,238010,8946212,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Nothing.,"Relate to Adam Jensen, and you'll be a badass."
,Recommended,238010,15719522,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Mojo Jojo,"Deus Ex: Human Revolution is one of my favorite games. Through my time playing it, I never got bored and I never felt like I was forcing myself to play through it.GameplayThe gameplay is amazing. There is never one way to play through this game. If you are fond of running through each building with guns blazing, than there are weapons just for you and linear paths just for you. If you like to stealth you're way past guards and silently take out enemies, than there is a set of weapons, paths, and skills for that as well. On top of this, there are different ways to get into building and out of buildings, get around guards, and to get past doors. In one place, I remember that you could either break down the wall, go through the front door and secretly sneak into the place, or go the long way around and jump through a window and stealth your way through the level. On top of this is the dialogue tree. In some places, you are able to sweet talk your way past somebody and in others you were able to earn little side quests that may help you in some way. Like I said, this game is superb in the way that it lets you go through the levels and how it lets you play the game. All in all, I would say that you should get this game just for the gameplay itself.GraphicsThe Graphics are decent for the time that it was released. They still hold up to today's standards and, in my opinion, look pretty good.StoryThe story was only interesting enough to keep me interested, in my opinion. I won't tell you the story because like I said before, you should play this game for the gameplay itself.RatingTaking everything into consideration, I would give this game a solid 8/10."
76561198089467894,Recommended,238010,11084998,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,_Netsera,Very good gameplay with what I would say is a unique concept. I highly recommend trying this game out since its packed with action and a good story.
,Recommended,238010,7716359,"Posted: 22 November, 2013",all,Tro The Chain King,"This game is possibley my favorite game and story ever made (apart from Deus Ex GOTYE) it takes you a variety of places and absoluteley nails it with the sound track and atmosphere. there is ALOT to do and it's worth doing, maybe 30 hours + if you do all the side quests and explore the universe.9/10~SPOILERS~Only down side is that because this is a preqel, the game has a set destiny. this is a issue towards the end where it gives you 3 choices to end the game on, you stand there and think: ""well, it doesn't really matter what one i choose, because the universe will just be a run down, terrorist riddled, infected and corrupt world with my back stabbing x girl friend made a clones/virus (for no reason) as depicted in Deus Ex.""Another thing i thought was stupid was the lack of closure. Assuming you chose the canon ending and killed your self and every one else in Panchea, it just didn't really answer your questions: was Megan all ways working for Bob Page from the beggining? wich project did she end up working on? why did she allow all the suffering (and future suffering) ""just for science""?In the end, it doen't matter who you do or don't kill.all in all its a epic game and series, it just could have enlightend us more. 9/10"
,Recommended,238010,7486350,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,el diabli,"Imagine if Batman and James Bond had a kid, slapped robot arms on him with swords in them and sent him to Detroit to be Robocop. You play as him, stealing all the protein bars and redefining the term police brutality."
76561197996978823,Recommended,238010,7789997,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Jane_Denton,"Love this game! The story is great, but also the controls which allow you to remap to whatever keys you are comfortable with.  I've been a fan of this series from the beginning... Deus Ex GOTY.You can be a cold hearted killer, or a total pacifist.... the choice is yours.This version includes all the DLCs but also alternative strategy to boss fights. It's nice they offer the discount to people who already bought the first version like I had.If you played the pre-director's cut then this won't be a spoiler.  This is one of those boss fights, this is from the director's cut and it shows an alternate way to take out the boss which wasn't available in the previous version.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eAnDfLnUpqoI love this franchise!"
,Recommended,238010,13455832,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Porterballs,this game being a worthy follow up to the first game great stealth mechanics and different ways to approach each mission i never get bored love the story highly recommend
76561198065412040,Recommended,238010,28152376,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,ScarryHarry,"Now that I've beaten it 25 hours of gameplay later, I feel I should review this great piece:First off, the game itself and the main storyline/plot is very solid. A great, immersive, rich story that constantly left me guessing and looking for more answers the deeper I got. In fact, the last couple of days I really spent a lot more time on it up until I finished it, as the story was becoming much deeper and secrets were flowing everywhere. I couldn't stop playing and didn't care to play any of my other favorites.On top of a great story, I love the decision-making in this game, and that your choices ACTUALLY affect what will happen and exactly how you will progress. Along with that feature, there is also several different ways to go about maps, from using hidden ventalation paths, or sneaking around multi-leveled rooms and buildings, to even eventually punching down certain walls and making your own path (while simutaneously taking out the baddie on the other side). There are so many ways you can go through this game and it's maps, and so many ways to take out bad guys or distract them or whatever.All in all, I'd give a 9/10 probably...8/10 at minimum. I know it's 2016, and that the graphics were a little dated, but it still looked really nice during gameplay...and with all the weapon choices, skills, decision-making, ect, it really sucks you into the game and story. It's a fantastic buy if you've yet to try it...where your choices in both dialogs and skill upgrading really make a difference on how the story will progress and what decisions you will have to face later. Will you be a stealthy pacifist, vowing to not kille as many as possible with non-lethal weapons, attacks, and gas? Or fill your inventory with the best equipent out there, taking out groups of elite soldiers? Or perhaps more of a hacker to get into any room or safe? Just make sure to build your skills right, and remember that a bit of exploring and snooping does not go unrewarded in this game...sometimes a decert look-around can reveal paths and options to get you into otherwise locked or well-guarded ares with ease."
,Recommended,238010,26446994,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Cy-Knight_118,"Really interesting RPG game. Every mission has lots of different ways it can be done, each determined by which skills you've invested in. It's interesting to see all these paths blocked by something you can't move, knowing 1/3rd of the game may be blocked by it, but if you get the strength skill you may miss out on the hacking skill, which you need to access other areas. Although I think this may hinder the game a bit, in that you have to do a lot of backtracking if you want to fully explore the area, it's really nice to see a door you can't get past and knowing there's at least 2 other entries you can find if you're clever."
,Recommended,238010,12939017,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Unknown Entity,"Deus ex: Human Revolution is an amazing dark and gritty FPS set in the dystopian future of 2022 where humans are divided on how they feel about the new augmentation technology. Augmentations allow humans to rise above their limitations by being able to do things such as react quicker, run faster, or jump higher among many other things. The story focuses on an ex-swat turned private security director, Adam Jensen, for Sarif Industries, a major biotech corporation. Because of a discovery that was made at Sarif Industries a team of highly augmented mercenaries attacked their headquarters and killed the team responsible for the discovery making sure that it would never reach the light of day severely injuring Adam. As a result of his injuries Adam had to be heavily augmented against his will to keep him alive. With his new found abilities it is up to Adam to track down those responsible for the deaths of the scientists and to find out the truth about what really happened that day. The player has the ability to choose how Adam goes about a situation being able to choose between dealing with enemies passively or lethally which changes the way characters address him. With multiple endings the game offers many choices for the player to make that affects the story. Overall, the game poses a question that can be applied to science even today a decade before the game takes place which is should humans play god and it is up to the play to choose where they stand for themselves based on what they see throughout the game."
76561198004489233,Recommended,238010,9697969,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,skyryder,"Excellent Game, Loved the graphics! big improvement from the earlier game...Two thumbs up!"
76561198060532162,Recommended,238010,11995853,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Sova,"Games commonly offer you a choice in whether you want to be good or bad. To go guns a blazing or to be a ghost seen by none. Often the way it is done is so obvious that the illusion of choice is broken. This is where this game shines. I was able to play the way I wanted to throughout. If I wanted to sneak around and crawl through grates to get through to the room I wanted I could. If I wanted to speak to someone and convince them to let me in, more often than not, I could. If I wanted to hack the door to let me in undetected I could. Those are only some of the ways that the developers  employ  in progressing through the game. There are some drawbacks however. During the bossfights you would have to exercise some sort of violence against your enemies. Otherwise, this game was a lot of fun. It wasn't just a polarizing good or bad story line but it felt like I could really choose my own path in this cyber punk world. This inlcludes the leveling system. No matter which way you go you'll find that there is no bad power. Although it's old, I'm glad I gave it a chance."
76561197975160796,Recommended,238010,14093357,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Ellis.Dee_25,"Played through the original Deus Ex from 2000 more than once.Liked:- actual choice - pick your playstyle and stick with it.- game is not on 'rails' - go wherever you want to in a level at any time (warnings given if permanently leaving)- excellent stealth mechanics- huge story - I read everything readable- FOV slider- graphical configuration options- can disable (and I did) the 'Quest Marker' that the console kids require to get through a level.  (Read a map)- voice acting and script is decent, and very much in line with the conspiracy-ridden world of Deus ExDislike:- skyboxes.  I stopped looking up (maybe that was the intent) - Deus Ex 200 was the same IIRCHella fun playthrough.  Going through again on a New Game Plus - trying to get Pacifist (must have dropped someone off a bridge by accident)"
,Recommended,238010,21614677,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,HRPrime,So uh yea. This was good. Very good! I don't know what else to say other than buy 10 copies and play them all.
76561198039192664,Recommended,238010,9264712,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Finland President Man,"One of the my favorite games, it's a game that challenges morals, conflicts opinions and gives you a fascination into biotechnology and bases some of these dilemmas on real life problems or issues.9/10"
76561198056271645,Recommended,238010,33500072,Posted: 13 July,all,Arnen1,"it depends on how you play,if you are not a fan of assault combat style you may have a hard time when you fighting bosses. because there had no way to defeat  these bossess by stealth and no violence at all. seriously, you will die a lot if you play it that way."
,Recommended,238010,20753713,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Saltyfish,"Have played nearly 50 hours, 93% achievement done. Will leave it like that until the mankind divided release. What else can I say. This is a very good game, good soundtrack and story telling"
,Recommended,238010,11869627,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Frax,"Awesome! Flawless! Great replayability.It has a great story and setting, and it's a stealth game... or is it not? Depends. It all depends on your style of play.You can complete it all while moving like a shadow knocking out enemies without killing them (and there's an achievement for that) and complete your goals without the enemy knowing what's happening... OR you can bring justice the hard way and 'perforate' every foe with the various weapons/explosives available. There are lethal and non-lethal weapons.It also does have the same feel from the old legend: the first Deus Ex game.Truly a masterpiece."
,Recommended,238010,9487453,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Ned,"seems like less of a ""director's cut"" and more of a ""game of the year edition""bottom line, if you already own the game + missing link (which was very good imo), then not really worth your $5 (coming from someone to whom $5 is often a considerable amount) unless you're a diehard fan, which i consider myself to be. it has a new game plus mode (your augs carry over), missing link is integrated proper, and you can recharge 2 energy cells instead of just one now - worth noting that two of those points are easily fixed by the burger mod - and, yes, the boss fights are...sorta reworked, you still have to kill them to pass but they've made it easier to do that, now you don't have to plan ahead and have a big gun just for that fight. no killphrases or anything like that, sadly. Still, the changes are good. Not perfect, but pretty good.if you DON'T already own DX:HR, then this is a good upgrade and fixes a handful of really irritating problems, while including the DLC where it makes logical sense in the storyline. Or, if you don't own Missing Link and its been a while since you replayed the game, then I recommend going this route, playing ML by itself robs a lot of the impact it could/would have and again, this fixes a lot of quality of life issues; I plan on 100%ing the trophies on this one too, because I am a ♥♥♥♥♥ :> (and I really really liked this game, director's cut or not)"
,Recommended,238010,12116145,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,IwaynI,"Directors cut is quite emersive with the missing link being added to main game in 1 walkthrough is a great move,i would reccomend playing a full walkthrough then doing it again in directors cut mode as some game spoilers are revealed unintentionally by the team on voice over,many places to see many places to see which you need to be  PRAXIS aware to reach.for me this game gets a 8/10 its graphically and geometrically sound no bugs i noticed just patience lots of patience for the silent killer,weeeeeeeeeeeeeee enjoy and playthrough atleast 2x :)"
,Recommended,238010,14150318,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Hooten,"In Deus ex: Human Revolution you dive in dystopic cyberpunk world ruled by technological advances that are controled by big corporations. Augmentations are not the advanced nanotechnological augmentation used by the two protagonists of the previous games, JC or Alex Denton, they are mechanical augmentation, the type of augmentation used by Gunther Hermann or Anna Navarre for example in Deus Ex. The philosophical subject of the game is like the epic cyberpunk movie ""Blade Runner"" how is meant to be human if you are completed by cybernetics and how dangerous is this power given by technology against the human freedom, as proven by history that can become abuse. Constantly harping on a moral-dilemma theme of humanity's troubling interface with technologyMary DeMarle(narrative director) wrote a well-written story, with reallistic and humanized dialogs. Due to the RPG element of the game the answering options of every conversations are really good and can also alterate and effect the storyline of the game. There also many moments that you are called to take ethical decisions making you uncomfortable, of course if you are sceptical-philosophical human being. The ending (no spoiler dont worry) is one of the best and well-written endings i ever seen-read and that is one negative in this, i just seen-read not played like the first Deus Ex. But for me it was so literature and well-written that satisfied my erge for playable ending like the first one. Generally is not good as the first Game of the franchise but is more phillosophical and close to our future dystopian world that comes faster and faster.The graphics are decent and the art-atmosphere of the game is JUST STUNNING. JONATHAN JACQUES-BELLETETE (Art Director) made an incredible world, merging the cyberpunk element of movies such as Blade Runner and Ghost in the shell and Renaissance. Is one of the best artistic styles i ever seen, the outcome of these two elements with a tone of sepia in the colors of the world is absolutelly mesmerizing, making a cyber-noir vision of our world. It also remarkable the architecture of EVERYTHING in this game. Every street in the cities, buildings, rooms, even furnitures, lamps, computers... are pieces of art.The gameplay of Deus ex: Human Revolution is like a classic FPS game added with the stealth element. It's much improved from the first game in many things but doesnt gives you the option to focus in one gameplay style. You can play as an FPS monkey type gamer shooting here and there everything in the game or  play stealthy along the missions giving you the oportunity to explore and discover a variaty of pathways that are hidden on the map of every place you are. Also you can combine these two gameplay styles. It has a kind of open world with a lot of stunning sceneries and hidden places for you to discover. The skilling system is interesting and gives you a lot of fun stuffs, options to unlock and upgrade, some of them can also enrich the dialog options and alterate the storyline. The hacking element also is present in this game like the first and ofcourse is different.  The inventory is pretty hardcore, cause every item you add in to it gets a certain amount of space and every same item cannot merge with the other. For an example if you have two magazines of any weapon, doesnt  take one space-slot.Finally i wanna notice about the BEST soundtrack i ever listen in a game. Michael McCann was thought to follow the main art idea, marying the future and the past and to add an acoustic side in a electronic based music, which took the form of vocals / acoustic instruments. He made a really good job on that and this thing is noticable because he actually was impresed by the very strong philosophical / religious / political themes that permeate the story.Summary+Great story+Stunning Art-Atmosphere+Mesmerising Soundtrack+Stealth element+Augmentation/hacking elements-Some silly voice acting (Lead character sounds like Batman)-Linear boss fights-Long load times"
,Recommended,238010,10995832,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Nightmare0161,♥♥♥♥ the haters this game is so good u will enjoy one of the best games ever buy it.
,Recommended,238010,30336536,Posted: 5 March,all,SlamifiedBuddafied,"I've enjoyed this game quite a number of times on my Xbox 360 and have had a great playthrough on PC as well. Game appears to have been ported very well, though I imagine by this point your PC would have to be several years or more out of date to have any technical issues here. I suppose due to prior experience, I found I had a better time using a controller over a mouse/keyboard setup, then again the game feels designed for a controller. Though combat being somewhat limited, save for a handful of mandatory flow breaking boss fights, control preference won't be much of a difference in gameplay, so it's up to you on that one. As for the story, nothing ground breaking but it does feel like it does the Deus Ex universe some justice, though I'm to understand there are a small handful of conflicting plot elements from the first title, but nothing to crazy.When it comes to gameplay, exploration and finding different ways to reach or complete objectives is key. Though as mentioned before, this is completely broken by mandatory boss fights which seem hamfisted into the game, breaking the exploration and stealth entirely. In some cases, such as a no kills playthrough, this can hurt some players, as they may not have a lethal weapon or hardly any ammo to make it through a boss fight forcing almost game breaking instances. Luckily, Deus Ex: HR has an autosave system which if you ask me, autosaves far to often, giving that unseen crutch for people save spamming their game in the first place.There is a modest amount of story and dialogue which can be entirely missed, some of it very easily in the two hub cities you find yourself in. If your a completionist, it pays off to search every nook and cranny and check around NPC's for goodies or hidden or otherwise missed objectives. That said, the story is nothing to be amazed by, as Jensen (the character you play as) comes off as a kind of a kook. He's likeable on some levels and his motiveations are in place. But he never comes across as relatable. And considering how much time your going to be sending as Jensen and the amount of dialogue he has, it's hard to relate as he keeps replaying the ""I never asked for this"" card, as if being a victim would add to his depth, if anything it hinders to his growth and almost goes against the grain of his personality. If anything, the story development must have been off. Several writers or cut dialogue and sequences during the games final development. It's difficult telling.As for combat and stealth, well, killing really doesn't seem to effect the games outcomes at all, 'nor does a no kills playthrough. A few things will be different here and there, but most of the consequences barely seem to differ at all, only serving as another funky plot point to keep the train rolling. So when it comes to stealth/no kills or combat/lethal kills it doesn't really matter and amounts to more of an aethestic choice of the player in how they'd like to carry out objectives and levels. However, stealth never seems as rewarding as it could, as with the ridiculous amount of upgrade points you get in the game turn you into a regular futuristic James Bond from Detroit. The balance of some skills and there uses seem forced. Some upgrades being completely useless and others being so ridiculously useful you effectively turn the games difficulty down.In the end, without spoiling to much (SPOILERS WARNING) I have to mention one detail of the games lackluster ending.You get stuck with basically five choices of stock footage and expostion, none of which reflect your deeds in the game in the least which is rather disapointing. That's all I'll say there.Overall, I had a lot of fun in spite of some funky bits here and there. I'm sure you'll have a good bit of fun too, especially if you catch this on sale, it'll be worth the price. Exploration is rewarding, the combat and stealth is enough to keep you entertained and the story, though it could have used some work, is engaging enough in a dialogue in human civil rights and attempts to reflect modern social and economic norms which adds up to the old saying, ""The more things change, the more they stay the same."""
,Recommended,238010,8762606,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,SHADOW-XIII,"Completed DE:HR (100%) in 45h yet still managed to enjoy DE:HR - Director's Cut for ... 70 hours more!Slightly improved graphics since non-Director's Cut version and integrated Missing Link DLC are pretty nice additional features to the already great story the game offers.However the best new thing for me are boss battle changes - it's good enough to get the Director's Cut and play it.Loved the developer's commentary (thanks to the guide that lists the location of all of them) - it shows how much effort was put into the game, changes view of the game a bit, makes you look around even more often and notice small things left in the game you might have missed.Even if you have played original, Director's Cut version is best excuse to experience the story again, and again, and again ...."
,Recommended,238010,25727095,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,C.Y.LAR,"Good story, awesome gameplay, perfect soundtrack, cool protagonist but lame boss fight. Still, one of the best cyberpunk game out there!"
,Recommended,238010,8816787,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,G The Generous,"About the game:As a prequel to the legendary Deus Ex, Human Revolution is a unique cyberpunk RPG with amazing visual art, immersive gameplay and great conspiracy theory plot.About Director's Cut:The main changes are: DLC being incorporated into main game, some minor graphic improvements (no more orange tint, some locations have more details,...), improved boss fights so you can use stealth to fight them instead of combat-only,...However, Director's Cut should have been a free patch instead of a separate game (think of free Enhanced Edition patch for The Witcher games). I wouldn't say people who owned the original version shouldn't get this one, but you should grab it during a sale instead of full price."
,Recommended,238010,8321707,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,hadvanced hacktivist,"This game is ABAP as hell. ♥♥♥♥♥ mad hype. Get it if you want to save video gaming.Homos will be homos, (van bruggan) but this game will always be good."
,Recommended,238010,8205820,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Selig,"It's pretty good, there are alwyas a few hiccups with graphics and what not. But no game is perfect.That being said, it's really good if you like a more sci-fi based splinter cell. The world is interactive and it's a great buy. The story gets you involved immensely, with different ways of approaching  each situation, there is a degree of replayability.  You can go in like rambo, or go stealthy, or a combination of both. In the long run, your choices changes your gameplay experience. Whether you choose to help someone, or you come across in an arrogant manner to a character, it all affects the way the game feels. Good buy, I would buy when on sale, 20$ seems a bit much."
,Recommended,238010,29900141,Posted: 13 February,all,Rapxtor,"Deus Ex Human Revolution is a immersive deep story involving conspiracy, international conflict, human dilemmas and choices in dialogues and most important, in actions, choices that affect gameplay and the outcome of your adventure presented in stealth FPS/RPG complemented by deep character progression, that open various options based on player style of play, tough, stealth is encourage by the game, not only bc of the experience gain but also feels more satisfying that blazing trought the levels.You have many tools at your disposal to avoid combat or you can simply blast your way trough to progress, the levels are big enough to give you various options, the graphics are good and voices actors did a awsome job, making the story believable enough to keep you attached to the game, Jensen narration kind of reminded me from Max Payne, its impossible not to enpathize with him and the gameplay is also satisfying going stealth or using guns, since the cover mechanics work very well, be it to avoid combat or to protect you from enemy bullets.My only concern about this game was the limited inventory space (like STALKER, many weapons but nowhere to carry them since this is game, not real life, but this is just personal opinion), but since there are mods that were released after the game, im not even considering that a bad thing bc it can please each person way of play the game.Now, i just wanted to give some personal toughts about this version and the original, there are many opinions about the vannilla and the DC, and every each one of them is just about preference, i personally loved to play both games, but finded the DC more balanced over the original, and the fact that TML was introduced in DC at the right point, made the story feel more sense that playing TML was standlone, but the HR Yellow UI had more impact in the cyberpunk feeling.Since i love to play Deus Ex, to me, any of the games is a must in my library, and the fact that each one was is strong points over the other, i never feel that im playing the same game, just the same story."
,Recommended,238010,33529132,Posted: 13 July,all,Gallowloch,This game is a fantastic cyberpunk gem that not only lives up to the original Deus Ex but also keeps in step with modern times and themes.
,Recommended,238010,8544830,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,A Burger to Surpass Burger King,"Deus Ex: Human Revolution - Director's Cut is certainly a game that I would recommend to everyone, fans or not, as it simply an intuitive, perfectly done sequel for the Deus Ex series. Human Revolution by itself I believe must of been brilliant in its own aspect but I never played the original, the Director's Cut that I went through truly was incredible, whether it be the graphics, gameplay or its mind-boggling story it truly is a pleasure that I would give 9/10 simply because 10/10 doesn't exist."
76561198018843665,Recommended,238010,30286322,Posted: 2 March,all,DEEDEESBEAK,This is my third time buying this game...  I regret nothing...
,Recommended,238010,30258101,Posted: 1 March,all,DrNick,"Very good plot with decisions/choices, it's better to go stealth mode, aiming is a nightmare"
,Recommended,238010,15610557,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Doktor Szu,You can get through a straight corridor in five different ways. What else do you need? Go play it.
76561198027072714,Recommended,238010,32993335,Posted: 29 June,all,p3dr0-3L-n3gr0,"A real remarkable piece of entertainment.Get it, if you like- RPG elements in a FPS- having the choice to sneak or fight your way to the mission target(s)- great storylines about conspiracy- cyberpunk and (near) future settings- interactions to find all over the cities, you visitThe only negative aspects are the bad in sync localization and the protanigsts glasses in the cutscenes - they reflect always the same image. Looks strange if being inside a cell and you see a city reflecting, especially if the localization gets out of sync on top of that :DBut all in all it is a masterpiece, whichs offers you a lot for the current Steam Sale price."
76561198061166315,Recommended,238010,28886185,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,TotalWurzel,"When the original Deus Ex came out I dumped a ton of cash on upgrading my PC just to play it - and it was worth every penny.  The money I spent upgrading my gfx card for Invisible War: can't say the same.  But, Human Revolution is the game sequel Deus Ex derserved.It will never have the wow factor and genre busting appeal of the original but DE:HR is an excellent game.  It adheres to the original themes and mood intelligently and beautilfully, with imaginative level design and quality AI.  This game has the best stealth mechanics since the original Thief games with the overall gameplay slick and very well paced, and the damage from combat feels real - on the hardest setting, sometimes one shot is enough to kill you.  It is also a thing of beauty, which is normally the last thing I look for in a game, but the gfx and ambience are pure Deus Ex.If Alien Isolation is the best game of recent years, this is definitely a close second.  The shortcomings in this game as so minimal that they don't even register.A Must Buy for any gamer."
76561198045335560,Recommended,238010,27999159,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Grizzzzlebaerz,"The Director’s cut for Deus Ex Human Revolution is better than the standard edition in some ways while it kind of takes a step back in another way. The experience in its entirety is improved overall, and it manages to be a solid entry in the series.The gameplay is almost identical to the original Deus Ex released in 2000. It plays as an open area first person shooter with role playing game mechanics in the form of anatomic mechanical augments which are purchased using praxis points, Human Revolution’s version of skill points. In terms of the shooting, the controls can be quite awkward starting out, and is something that they could have tried to fix if they were revamping the game. The right mouse button is used for going into a third person like cover system which allows the player to hide and see what is around the corner, and also can be used to shoot somewhat inaccurately at enemies. It serves best as a means of scouting or cover melee takedowns. When shooting its best to stick to first person mode. Herein lies the next control quirk. Since the right mouse button is mapped to cover, aim down sights is toggled by pressing the middle mouse button, making aiming feel cumbersome. Because of this control scheme, it is hard to recommend taking an aggressive approach. It is best played in a stealthy manner, using non-lethal melee takedowns, headshots with suppressed weapons, or non-lethal weapons. One thing to note is that melee takedowns require energy cells. By default the player is given two and can obtain more through augmentation, however only the first two will auto recharge. In order to get a full charge on extended cells one must eat a freaking huge jar of protein powder or protein bars. The augment system is as robust as it is intuitive, and it lends itself exceptionally well to the open approach that is encouraged in pretty much every situation except boss fights. Boss fights are much improved from the standard edition and no matter what play style you choose, you won’t run up against any difficult walls. The second boss fight in particular was nigh impossible to beat without having the typhoon augment in the standard edition. That being said, with the typhoon augment the second boss is super easy. The inventory system consists of a bunch of squares; a beer or energy bar take up one square, whereas certain guns can take up to twelve. It is wise to decide what to keep and what to sell depending on how you choose to play. Inventory capacity can be expanded via augments if you really think you are going to use that huge gun. Hacking can be a huge part of the game for stealthy players and can be augmented so that Jensen will be harder to detect by the anti-intrusion software systems. Hacking is performed via a simplified abstraction of the real thing and is quite fun. To perform a hack, walk up to a door or computer terminal and select the hack option, if your hacking skill is equal to or greater than that door or computer system’s level then you are  given the chance to try and hack it. Once the hacking mini game begins, you will have to capture various nodes to capture the main node. All the nodes are laid out across a linear web like system with sometimes multiple paths to the main node. With different one time software items that can be used during the process the system becomes really fun, and it never feels tedious or tiring. Of course if you don’t develop the hacking skill, you can always just toss an automatic unlocking device that you purchased at that black market weapons dealer, and that is why the game is so much fun to play. You are given freedom to tackle problems your way, to a certain extent. You can also opt to be a smooth talker to get yourself out of certain situations, or convince somebody to let you into a restricted area, or to divulge information. Persuasion can be augmented to activate a pheromone system that analyzes an npc’s personality type as beta, alpha, or omega and will have a meter to hint as to which dialogue option should be chosen. The game play is just so solid and offers a wide variety of options making it some of the most robust and modular that you will see in the triple “A” space today.Looking at the world of Human Revolution, it is split into different open areas that Jensen is able to explore. Any side quests must be finished before leaving said area or else they will not be able to be completed, even though you will return to two of the locations, which is nothing new if you have played the original Deus Ex. Each area is not that large, but contains many hidden passages and locked doors which give the player a lot of freedom to play according to their style. In Deus Ex the level design is not about quantity but all about how intricate and approachable any given scenario can be. All the areas in Human Revolution are metropolitan or industrial and give off a futuristic vibe that is very fictional but also seems very believable. All the areas are populated in the right way, with npcs and open areas where they should be. The world and level design is a very strong point for this game.The story of Human Revolution takes place before the time of JC Denton, Deus Ex’s protagonist. At this time human augmentation is just starting to take off with scientists largely supporting them and seeing them as a means to the advancement of the human race. Others are strongly opposed to them. The protagonist of this story is Adam Jensen, who is more or less a one tone very boring dude. This does not hamper the story overall in any way, as it is able to deliver compelling and cohesive writing that is easy to follow and serves as an engaging action thriller. Jensen is thrust along one task at a time to unravel the greater mystery and players behind the shadowy and elusive factions that are vying for their own goals. The conclusion is satisfying and offers the player a choice of up to four endings depending on how many of the optional objectives are completed in the final area.  Delving into the side content there are a handful of very well thought out side quests that offer intriguing side narratives to help flesh out this world and some give a sort of side window into Jensen’s life before the beginning events of the story. In the earlier half of the game the optional markers make you feel a sort of urgency, it is something about the shape or size of the markers that beckon you in a strange way to them. The side quests in the first half feel relevant while the latter ones don’t feel as much so. One huge problem with the story’s pacing that also pours over into the gameplay lays in the inclusion of the Missing Link DLC into the main game. It happens about two thirds of the way into the story and kind of throws a wrench in what otherwise might be considered an amazing story. The main reason that it feels so out of place is that Adam Jensen loses all the abilities he has picked up throughout the course of the narrative, and the player is forced to start again from scratch until the end of that segment in which all the stuff you had is returned to you. This just feels so jarring and could have been done without. Because of this particular choice, instead of an amazing story the game has a great one.If you are wondering if you should buy the director’s cut of Deus Ex Human Revolution, the answer is yes. It offers a healthy helping of great extras, a free and open approach to gameplay in part due to its great level design, the story is great, the graphics are passable, but the performance is great.Gameplay 10World/Level Design 10Story 8Performance/Graphics 7TOTAL  8.75"
76561198090003215,Recommended,238010,10270426,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Sanity,"Excelent story with fun game mechanics that allow you to solve problems your way.Story (no spoilers)Many believable characters with their own views and agendas. Features the occational surprise that I didn't see coming, and the  ability to chose how adam(main character) solves problems strengthins the role playing aspect of the game. Most voice acting is good although adam's is to cliche of characters like snake and master chief.Game playAbility to play like a stealthy ninja, hacking computer geek or go in guns blazing gives you a lot of feedom and replayability. open world areas allow you to aventure and do some fun side quests but so often you are stuck in single mission areas with no shops or anything for a long time. Also do not upgrade the number of energy bars you have. only the last one or two will recharge depending on your difficulty.Graphicsoverall good graphics  although everything looks pixilated and when you talk to people they cant seem to stand still. There arms are constantly moving and while this sounds super petty, after playing for an hour that starts to be all you notice during conversations"
76561198089615367,Recommended,238010,15780008,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,jalayn,"Simply put one of the best stealth/infiltration games of 2011 and arguably one of the best cyberpunks games ever.As for the plus/minus of this game, here it goes:The good things*Story: It mainly revolves around the ethics of ""augmentations"", that is cyberntic extensions that can be attached to a human being to improve the body or/and the mind. You are Adam Jensen, one who was recently cybernetically augmented. Yes, you are the the main character but you'll quickly see that you are part of a very big story with multiple secondary characters having their own agendas. The ending is satisfactory as there is no loose plot, and everything falls nicely into one place.*Level design: There are many ways for you to complete an objective. There generally is the main way (rambo), and many other paths. There is always a secondary path that will allow anyone to get inside a building without requiring special augmentations, while other may require you to level up a cybernetic part of your body. Being curious is a good thing. Also, being a ""hacker"" is great: it's a bit difficult to invest on this from the start but it pays off quickly as you are able to get to places you couldn't reach easily otherwise.*Stealth: You can finish the game without killing anyone, except the bosses. I wish more games do that.The less good things*Boss battles: it's certainly the weakest point of the game. Yes, you can use the environment rather than weapons to kill them, but all boss battles (except the last one maybe) left me underwhelmed.*Difficulty: If you go the ""hacker"" way, you'll find that the game gets much easier. I had only one playthrough (too many games to play to do it a second time) so maybe it's true only for the hacking part.Other than that, except good graphics (for 2011), and 40 hours of solid gaming if you want to resolve secondary missions and/or plan to play to get all achievements.I suggest this game to anyone that likes stealth/infiltration, cyberpunk or good story. If you happen to like all three, like I do, then you'll have a blast.NOTE: It's also supposed to be an action game, as you can play it ""rambo"" style... But you would miss a lot by doing that. I suggest anyone wanting to get the best from this game to play it in stealth mode: also, try to avoid killing anyone (Pacifist achievement) and avoid starting off alarms. And, play in on max difficulty. This combination should arguably be the best way to play the game."
,Recommended,238010,27014009,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,SRTie4k,"If there was any sequel to a thoroughly loved classic that surpassed the hype, it's Deus Ex: Human Revolution. It has an excellent blend of first-person shooter and roleplaying, good visuals, great optimization and most important is not a dumbed down port. The gameplay is fantastic, the story rich and the world is vibrant and incredibly fleshed out.This game is another instant classic in the Deus Ex world. Play it."
,Recommended,238010,17877350,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Fred Fredburger,"Deus Ex: Human Revolution is one of my most favorite RPG games of all time. Almost everything about it is perfect except for the boss battles which were extremely easy. Also, seeing the same animation in a conversation can get a little boring and annoying at time. Other than that, the game is almost perfect. Can't wait for Mankind Divided!"
,Recommended,238010,7642568,"Posted: 12 November, 2013",all,Tr3b0r,"So this is basically Deus Ex - Human Revolution but patched up a ton and improved in a ton of ways. What it should have been from Day 1.Just as well, I didnt like HR all that much. This does improve it a hell of a lot though."
,Recommended,238010,29842538,Posted: 11 February,all,C21H30O2,Way too cheap for such an amazing game.10/10.
,Recommended,238010,35347361,Posted: 30 September,all,LonelyToothpick,"That's a nice sob story lady, but it doesn't change a thing."
,Recommended,238010,35421985,Posted: 2 October,all,El Nino,"One of the best games I've ever played. The story line is incredible. I bought this game recently from Steam for around 4 euros, enjoyed every minute of the game. It's a must play!"
76561198128199152,Recommended,238010,11494295,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,newdawnfades,Absolutely amazing. Strongly recommend :D
,Recommended,238010,9648616,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,gwushy,its like dota but in the future
,Recommended,238010,7769817,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Deadly Muffins,"Dues Ex: Human Revolution incorporates an absolutely rich in-depth narrative that delves into dark corporate bureaucracy and tactical espionage. The style of gameplay is your choice. Whether you wish to play a stealth infiltrator, augmented gun toter, or tactical hacker it’s up to you. With many choices for augmented abilities and brilliant level design to incorporate each rolls strengths, coupled with the freedom to choose your own approach to any given situation gives Deus Ex: Human Revolution a great deal of replayability. Will you accept your past and augmentations? Will you distain them? Or will you just be complacent and take things as they are?As a side note, if you've already played Deus Ex: Human Revolution and haven't tried the Director's Cut, you may want to give it a go! It includes improved graphics (no more pee hued filter lol) as well as level design. Many areas have been expanded and improved upon to take full advantage of your augmented abilities. Definatly worth a second look even if you've beaten the game prior.""I never asked for this..."" Adam Jensen9.5/10"
,Recommended,238010,7777870,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,"its me yoshi-p, creator of ffxiv",It's like the non-director's cut.Only with bonus stuff.From the Director.Video games.
,Recommended,238010,12732332,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,nerflad,"Always fun to play a combination of Solid Snake, Batman and The Terminator.   Player actions affect the story, and the game world is visually intriguing and deeply fleshed out, with thousands of emails, books and PDA's to read.I only wish the hubs had more/non static NPC's.  It's weird seeing roads that go nowhere with a few random parked cars on them.  The action level design is great though.  This is an awesome genre fusion of FPS, action RPG and stealth/sneak 'em up."
,Recommended,238010,12753463,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,/ / t e m p o,"I wish there was more End-Game experiences, the game was pretty damn cool for a futuristic game (not a fan usually).It always goes on sale every blue moon so I'd recommend a buy if you see it."
,Recommended,238010,12825885,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,doing the obvious,"After playing through it a second time I realized this one does admittedly get a bit of a free pass because of the disaster that was Invisible War. That having been said, I feel as though there was heart, polish and lots of effort put into this project, so I can overlook that and still say it's good and worth a play. Deus Ex levels of great? No. Still good and worth experiencing? Absolutely.As for the Missing Link, it is standard fare as far as DLC go. Very short, it challenges you by limiting your resources and has (mostly) good rewards. Oh, and ends on a very ambiguous and vague note.Shame the endings are all still terrible. Oh well, can't win them all."
76561198008045636,Recommended,238010,25210265,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Eichhorst,this games story is fantastic so are the music
,Recommended,238010,21932831,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,-Hen0ee,"This game is Just Amazing ill buy next part no doubt, one of the best games i've played hightly recommended.. 10/11."
,Recommended,238010,14358004,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Velcrosasquatch™,"The only way to purchase Deus Ex Human Revolution on Steam currently.The Directors Cut removes the yellow filter, implements the expansion dlc to the main game, slightly improves boss fights, and updates the games engine.It however adds some more issues that didnt exist originally, and censors a small section in the game (it just removes a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.It also lacks the feature to hack terminals on an andorid device which is present in every console port.Still this is a passable way to play a great game, and I'd take it over the original, it just could have been so much more."
76561197981690085,Recommended,238010,19454894,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,STR,"Short ReviewDeus Ex is a very polished FPS with RPG elemtns, boasting a moderate amount of replayability depending on your interests. The Director's Cut edition offers an extra set of missions in the middle of the original story.8/10PROS- Polished gameplay, very few bugs- Visuals are nice- Content-rich world- Fun storyline and side-missions- A wide range of useful and interesting character upgrades- Reasonably good AI- Well-designed environments and levelsCONS- A somewhat limited amount of weapons and weapon upgrades- Not quite a true open-world experience due to the storyline, which hurts the replayability a bit- The director's cut story can be frustrating to play as you temporarily lose your character's weaponry and hard-earned upgrades.Full ReviewDeus Ex is a FPS with an RPG element where in you unlock and upgrade an array of built-in cyborg capabilities. You can even upgrade your weapons with modifications like laser sights, ammo capacity increases and explosive rounds just to name a few. This aspect stays somewhat true to the original.Gameplay is smooth, but may feel a little clumsy at times when aiming with guns. Sometimes in the heat of a shootout it can feel a bit sluggish trying to gun down enemies whilst strafing around. So keep in mind this is not a shooter like Halo or CoD where you can move around very quickly dodging fire. You need to pick your positions carefully to ensure a clear shot and safe cover.The way Deus Ex is meant to be played is taking cover behind objects in your environment, and either gunning down your enemies - or stealth. The stealth mechanics of the game are brilliant. Enemies are very aware of noise and are smart enough to check areas thoroughly if they suspect an intruder is there. If you accidentally alert enemies to your presence, you often have to back out of the whole area unnoticed if you want to remain hidden.Not only is stealth fun, but the game is highly rewarding of stealth tactics. Enemies are typically easier to kill if you can sneak up on them, you can slip through areas quickly if you plan your movement correctly, and you get bonus experience points for stealth kills and mission objectives. This allows for faster character levelling.If you prefer to empty your guns in each room, that's also very fun, but the enemies don't make it easy. Very rarely can you pull a rambo in this game and get away with it. Enemies shoot accurately and will quickly make easy work of you if you are not adequately positioned or equipped with sufficient firepower.The visuals are great and most elements in the game are nicely detailed. The environments are awesomely put together. The atmospheric places of America, China and the fictional Panchea create an immersive experience which feels exciting, disturbing, suspenseful and curious all at the same time. In addition to the graphical detail, the areas have many avenues for exploring which can reward you with hidden items, such as powerful weapons and bonus upgrades. Many areas are only accessible after acquiring certain upgrades to your character (e.g. jumping higher and withstandning electrical damage) which adds another entertaining level of complexity to the game.It is led by an in-depth storyline with many twists and turns. The main storyline involves hunting down several super-powered soldiers, using similar technology to yourself, in an attempt to find the protagonist's girlfriend (ex... sorta... you'll see) as well as following the suspicious orders of his boss. There are plenty of side-missions which are a good source for extra content and bonus experience and cash.Overall, Deus Ex: HR - DC is worth the current price of $20 as it does provide some good replayability. You can play through the game using different styles and upgrades and it provides a different experience with each way. If it goes on sale, it is definitely worth picking up to play through at least once.8/10"
76561198003330419,Recommended,238010,27410162,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Cyber Knight Kilroy,"I nomited this game with the ""We did not think of everything"" award. Renamed it as ""Decisions decions"" Award. For needing to make decions on how to approach different situtations. Whether to kill or stun your enemies, what skills to upgrade, whether to use stealh or just attack straight on."
76561198124727179,Recommended,238010,27411661,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,pasha biceps lol,Best game probably ever
,Recommended,238010,7495945,"Posted: 27 October, 2013",all,Borracho,"One of the greatest games of all-time, now in it's definitve edition. No excuse to pass up on this one whatsoever!"
,Recommended,238010,15144236,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Mr. Sir Shpee,"I loved this game. Human Revolution has many different paths to take, whether that's going loud or creeping around knocking people out. The hacking minigame is ridiculously fun to me, and the stealth is decent, including cover into the mix to help you hide from both guards and gunfire. You can augment yourself with different powers, like cloaking, eliminating recoil, becoming better at hacking, etc. Gunplay is decent enough, but all you really need is an upgraded 10mm pistol for lethal takedowns. Boss battles were slightly reworked for this version, but they still force you into lethally taking bosses down instead of an option to talk them down. The cyberpunk setting and atmosphere is incredible. The game deals a lot with the ethics of transhumanism and if we should make technological advances just because we can. Of course, being a Deus Ex title the game is full of conspiracies and corporate espionage. There's also a concept of social boss battles; talking someone into doing something you want, etc. Arguing with people is one of the strong points of the game. It's also very lengthy (my first playthrough, mixing lethal and nonlethal took 37 hours with all sidequests plus the fact that I savescummed) and packed with content. The DLC (Missing Link) is also excellent, one of the best parts of the whole game for me. Some say the Director's Cut is incredibly buggy. I got lucky, I had very few bugs with this version. Overall, this is one of the best games I've ever played. It is one of the 5 or 6 games I've ever played that deserve a 10. Please buy this, even at full price. It's that good. Scroll up and buy it now."
,Recommended,238010,14668361,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Knight Dias,"to put it simply ""i never asked for this"" but it was greatPRO TIP STAY OUTA THE LADIES BATHROOM :v"
76561198034740265,Recommended,238010,22362651,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Bizarro lexilogo,"Really, really, really damn fun. A stealth-FPS-RPG that's was well worth the two playthroughs (So far) I've given it. It's a little janky due to the fact it's age is showing a bit, but this game definitely lives up to the praise I've heard for the Deus Ex series.For your information, here's the changes the Director's Cut has. I firmly believe that the Director's Cut is definitely the version you should buy due to some of the reasons listed below:-Apparently, worse graphics. I don't really give much of a damn personally, but there it is. It's almost certainly solvable if you're willing to install mods.-Altered boss battle design. If you haven't heard, the original HR's bosses pretty much forced the player to go guns blazing. This meant that if you were a stealthy, hacker character, you still had to carry some lethal weapons in your pocket in preperation for the boss, or you'd die very, very quick. This has been fixed to an extent; The game still forces you into lethal (I'm pretty sure you can take the bosses down with nonlethals, but it's very ineffective and they die in terms of the narrative anyway, not to mention they're excluded from no killing achievements), buuut every boss has a few secret areas you can access if you're a smarter player that will defeat the boss easily without you having to really fight them yourself.-The Missing Link DLC has now been seamlessly integrated into the story. For those who don't know, The Missing Link actually takes place during the story of HR's plotline, not after or before it; So, in the Director's Cut not only is Missing Link included, but you start playing the DLC when it actually happens during the narrative rather than as a seperate experience.As far as I'm concerned the boss battle redesign and the Missing Link's integration offsets the graphics downgrade, though the downgrade isn't appreciated. If you're hankering for a nice first-person stealth game, this is a nice choice."
,Recommended,238010,15039504,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,A Freaking_Box?,pretty good.
,Recommended,238010,21531359,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,AzoreanEve,I played a lot of this at the end of highschool during summer.Now I'm getting my Master's in Biomedical Engineering. I hope to help people like Adam in the near future.
,Recommended,238010,14646843,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,sn00ze,I never asked for this.
,Recommended,238010,9925444,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,ThE_MarD,"Heyyo, I can say without hesitation that Ubisoft Montreal won my heart over with this game. It's my favorite of the Deus Ex series. Deus Ex the original was so fantastic, and this game takes the ideas and the story and the music... OH THE MUSIC... and recreates that magic and expands upon it in a very impressive way. This is definitely a very highly recommended game by me."
76561198064429769,Recommended,238010,11253112,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,xpґїмёzёalот,it was soooooo cool that it gave me hemroids 12/10 would bang again - ign greg miller
,Recommended,238010,9649059,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Demadizzle,"Saying this game is epic is an understatement and gives it no justice what so ever. This game is top of the line in every category:  Gameplay was flawlessControls are very very user friendly.Stunning visuals with a beautiful in game world to move around in.Story is well done and uniqueVoice acting is real and not over the top.I give this game a 9.8/10, because it was a flawless masterpiece. Easily top 5 games of all time for me and necessary addition to everyone's library of games.  ,The addition of the Missing Link DLC was a nice touch. It flows in with the story well, and doesn't cause a flaw or plot hole that sometimes occurs with added on DLC.~ Commentary I had to turn off, because I'd rather listen to the main story again for the 4th time, over them babble ~"
,Recommended,238010,22620042,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,yogurt break,"Useless review, just to add to the possitive value of the game. Do I recommend it? YEAH!"
,Recommended,238010,14632700,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Akka,"I'm glad that actual bad games like the Order 1886 come out once in awhile, that way we can stop pretending to not like excellent games like this and instead divert all that pent up rage at actual kusoge titles.A triple A big budget game that doesn't drown in pandering mediocrity and a solid followup to the original from 2000.Here's an excerpt from the ""making of Deus Ex Human Revolution"" trailer: We took knowledge from Deus Ex and Invisible War so we knew what to do and in partiuclar what -not- to do."
76561198012522959,Recommended,238010,12494297,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,๋,"The best game ever made, the soundtrack in this game is one of those things that make life worth living."
,Recommended,238010,30116235,Posted: 23 February,all,Cybercus,"Heeey, thats's pretty goood."
,Recommended,238010,10139938,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Securitron Model 2060-B,Best game ever. Do I need to say more?
76561198090426997,Recommended,238010,10784109,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,depoetics,"The gameplay is amazingly fun for me, as an Metal Gear Solid fan. I can basically do the cyborg stealth experience, except with the added bonus of RPG elements. And the hacking minigame is terribly addictive.The problems: watch out, because despite the opening stages giving the impression you can stealth,, hack, knockout enemies and talk your way out of confrontations, you will inevitably need to kill bosses. And then there's sections of sexism and cringe-inducing racial portrayals. Which managed to actually combine into a super-cringe when they combine and you end up sitting through Asian stereotypical accents  as women are exploited as sex workers.The rest of it has been fun! But someone made a choice to put that in the game, and that aspect seems like it was a bad decision."
,Recommended,238010,8926860,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Biron5k,"If you like orange filters and crawling through air ducts, this is the game for you."
76561197985040106,Recommended,238010,8805437,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Doyle,Awesome sauce.
,Recommended,238010,9000652,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Jedi Master Distance4life,"This is a fantastic game. For those that have no idea what it is about, it takes place in the near future when humans are augmenting themselves with different technological advancements. In the beginning, you are a humble security guy, Adam Jenson. Through a series of unfortunate events, you find yourself investigating the attack that occured six months earlier. The great thing about this, all of the DLC comes with it, as well as having some stages reworked to be a bit berter."
76561197993583071,Recommended,238010,9935993,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Tangleman,Great game worth every penny!
,Recommended,238010,7749769,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,JasElement,Amazing game! I would buy it again if i had the chance. Oh wait i did. i would recommend this even if you don't have the Director's Cut version.
76561197966090478,Recommended,238010,9658215,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Pwnyxpress,"A great addition to the original.  Seamlessly blends the DLC with the original cut.  Better textures make for better visuals.  Excellent storyline.  Hopefully, SqEnix continues with the series."
,Recommended,238010,9470046,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,zedsupp0rt,You can drink alcohol from a trash can 10/10 would buy again
,Recommended,238010,9625015,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,Veritas0923@YT,Highly reccommended.
,Recommended,238010,9682008,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Carl Johnson,"No words to describe the amazing campaing this game has to offer. Im not just talking about how fun the game is, but im talking about all the adrenaline and lessons it leaves you when you beat it. One of my favorite games so far, get it, highly recomended."
76561198115336588,Recommended,238010,9659674,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,KUSHMASTERBOBBY,"Deus Ex Human Revolution is a masterfull game, with great combat and stealth. the hacking minigame gets a little bit repetative and boring but a challenging adition. The endings were kind of dissapointing in my opinion, I kind of wanted some sort of interactive epiloge not just a voice over. The replayability is low because you can choose your ending at the last part of the game and it feels like your actions dont have that much consequence in the end. You can get the same endings as a ruthless murderer and a completely non lethal operative. The story is compeling and persuasion and dialoge feel so natural, It feels like you are in a scifi political drama with intense gunplay and stealth. The atmosphere really immersed me and its unique design never felt repeated or overused. The greatest strenght this game has is how you can play a level in so many different ways. You could run and gun or move a couple boxes and find a vent or knock out a guard and steal a password. This game gets a solid 9 out of 10 the only negative factors are the endings and somewhat choppy npc animations"
76561198076092442,Recommended,238010,9747180,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Ethan,"This game is 2 good, actualy i would say it 4 good. anyone who disagrees can 1v1 me on rust"
,Recommended,238010,9841967,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Corazón Esqueleto,"TL;DR: Already own the original? Don't bother.The original game (meaning Human Revolution - NON director's cut) amused me greatly and I blasted through it in a relatively small amount of hours. So seeing the Director's Cut pop up on Steam for 5 bucks extra made me enthusiastic to replay it.I can't help but feel slightly disappointed. I don't know what I was expecting, but to me personally this updated edition didn't add much replayability. It has a graphic polish, and the boss battles offer more ways to defeat them. But other than that, it seems completely the same game. And I hear you think - ""What did you expect? It's only an updated version."" True enough, BUT it's an updated version that required another 5 euros for some reason. And 5 euros for an update would, to me at least, suggest a TON of new features, missions and whatnot.So to those that already own the original non-director's cut edition, I don't think it's worth the extra money. However, seeing as this is the only version you can buy on Steam now, people that DON'T already own it should definitely consider because it is a great game in many ways."
,Recommended,238010,9266392,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,NullViktor,It's an epic game! Highly recommended!
76561198109339219,Recommended,238010,9196169,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Armatuscrypta,"I can recommend this game as it allows you to choose how you want to complete the various missions. You can play the whole game with stealth or just running in guns blazing. Personally, I feel the game is better from a stealth point of view. Just seems to me the game was designed largely around avoiding direct engagement.The storyline is very well developed, the graphics are very well done, and the combat mechanics are easy to get the hang of. The only real downside I had with the game was with the dialog. For me it just seemed like everyone in-game was twitching or having a minor seizure as they talked. Besides that I had no issues with the game other than a handful of game crashes that occurred namely when I alt-tabbed out of the game and back.Review comes from roughly 92 hours of gameplay, two playthroughs (first main one and second to wrap up two achievements I missed), and 100% achievement completion.~Armatuscrypta"
,Recommended,238010,9193774,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Agent Venom,"Beautiful game, grappling storyline."
,Recommended,238010,9269026,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,TripleTrickster,"This has always been one of my favorite video games of all time. It was the first game that offered me choices - choices to be stealthy, choices to be lethal, choices to be merciful. The story was riveting, and personal to my play-style. Watching my friends play it their way was incredibly interesting as well. Of course, the art direction of it has remained beautiful and one of the most striking ones in this genre.As for the director's cut, so far it has been quite interesting to find the additions to the first version I've played in PS3. It has given me a lot of pleasure to replay it again in this director's cut."
,Recommended,238010,8702415,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,DO YOU DO POISON?,It's an awesome game. Had very much fun playing it!
76561197972466981,Recommended,238010,9348985,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,cleahy,"If you like stealth games, you'll love this one. If you love just mowing the bad guys over, you'll love this one. You can level your character up to satisfy your particular style."
,Recommended,238010,8098784,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,SliceOfHam,"Awesome game, even more so with Director's Cut"
,Recommended,238010,10142335,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Mushy-93,A little harder to run that the original vertion but still a great game. Looks like all of the oringinal shortcomeing were worked out.Goes on sale for $5 often and if you owned the original+dlc you can buy it for $5 at any time I believe.Well worth it.
76561198047005467,Recommended,238010,8954786,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,optimuscubed,"This game is amazing, it has to be the best game I have ever played, bar none.  The storyline is fantastic, the graphics are great, and Adam Jensen is a badass.  You play as Adam Jensen, who is ex-SWAT and was hired to work for a bioengineering company, where things quickly go south, and you are led across the world to investigate.  You learn of a special-hidden-secret society, that seems ridiculas at first, but it is well integrated into the game, and seems more plausible further along.  The game is built on how you play it, if you decide to go ""gun hoe"" and moe down all your enemies the ending will be impacted, versus a silent take-your-time approach that pays off in the end.  There are multiple endings with following cinematics, not only 2, or 3 endings, but 4 complete endings.  It is well worth the purchase, I strongly recommend this game to any sort of gamer."
,Recommended,238010,8183071,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,gugu10,"the game is already awesome, I love it at the bottom of my heart.But I think this futuristic environment and story could have some improvement. In my opinion, the way the player plays the game should affect the story line, but in the game, you could choose the ending you want no matter how you play the game, it is kind of ridicuousOther than that, the game is awesome."
,Recommended,238010,8779836,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,[SPAM]RobBell'sPossesed3x5Cards,"I never asked for this, but I'm glad it exists.Fer realz, though: Pan-flippin-tastic game. Liberating, Artistically inspiring, shiny, mentally provoking, musically involving, twisty-turny, expansive game.Also; the AI sucks. Really bad. It makes the game more enjoyable.Bottom Line? 12/10 would (and have) play(ed) again."
,Recommended,238010,8773873,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,基 Ｙｏｒｋ,"A good game, and does the Deus Ex series some justice. I would say that it isn't as great as the original, but any new players to the series could and should play it, it's a blast. The writing is great, and the game is really fun to play. 8/10"
76561197970981020,Recommended,238010,9077097,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,"DEAD, DANK, BUT NOT FORGOTTEN","great gun mechanicswell acted voicesand loads of side questsi know lots of people say the boss fight are boring, but i loved them so i give it a,10/10 for being one of my favourite games of all time."
,Recommended,238010,9055274,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Crimson,Awesome.
,Recommended,238010,8322192,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,mcoot,"The definitive version of an already great game.While the DC does have some optimisation issues, this is more than balanced out by the better boss fights, integrated DLC and so on.Definitely recommended!"
,Recommended,238010,10872130,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Geddy76,"I love this game.  I completed the standard version 5 times.  So I bought the Directors Cut.  It has the 'Missing Link' DLC built into the storyline which makes sense, and adds a couple of hours extra gameplay, plus slightly revised boss battles.  I heartily recommend this game."
,Recommended,238010,10928455,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Fuzzman,"The original release was one of the best games of 2011, hands down. It has a deep, rich storyline and setting that fans of cyberpunk--from Blade Runner to Ghost in the Shell--will greatly appreciate. The gameplay is smooth and challenging, and players of games such as Metal Gear Solid, Mass Effect, Thief, and the original Deus Ex will find themselves right at home with this fantastic title.With the Director's Cut, a few changes and additions have been made. The most notable of these are the inclusion of the DLC missions into the main campaign--the Missing Link is no longer a separate game--the improved boss fights, and the developer commentary. There were other minor changes, but many players may not notice these. The inclusion of the Missing Link chapter helps round out the storyline, as well as give the player the opportunity to redo his or her skill points, which was something missing from the original 2011 release.The improved boss fights were appreciated, though the additional avenues of defeating the bosses will still take some quick thinking, or trial and error, to truly take advantage. For fans that want a more balanced approach to the game, where any style of play is rewarded, this is the edition to purchase.Developer commentary in this version of the game is an interesting and valuable addition. It can be toggled on or off at the player's convenience, and many of the nodes offer intriguing insight into the minds of the game's creators. The only minor irritations with the commentary involve the nodes themselves. They are not always apparent in the game world, and once a node is playing it cannot be stopped without going into the main menu options and toggling the commentary off. Still, in spite of that minor oversight, the commentary is exciting to listen to and veteran players will appreciate it.I highly recommend that new and old fans of Deus Ex: Human Revolution grab a copy of the Director's Cut."
,Recommended,238010,9076257,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Burrito 🌯 | HiramC,"10/10, would play again 24/7 365"
,Recommended,238010,18008130,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Rathofkyle,"A thought provocing tale that pulls on your heart and minds, dividing you much like the world in Deus Ex: Human Revolution. Will you seek the truth? Or will you cover it up?"
,Recommended,238010,18013497,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Backy,"I'm writing this review from the perspective of someone who's never touched the first game.Deus Ex: Human Revolution, to me, is the pinnacle of modern RPG games. It has super satisfying gunplay and extremely tense stealth moments when playing on the hardest difficulty. The areas are incredibly detailed and you are rewarded greatly for not barging though every room. Around every corner there's some kind of secret, a piece of lore in the form of an eBook, Email, Newspaper, etc., and there's always multiple ways to attack any given situation (With some exception to scripted boss fights, which still can technically be taken down any way you please, I took out the first boss with sniper headshots instead of using the explosives in the room)The hub areas are massive and filled with unique stories and side quests to be done. The world is alive with police, gang members, and civilians, all able to share specifically two pieces of dialogue with you.The combat in this game is extremely satisfying, as is the stealth, as are the persuasion moments, as are the non-lethal takedowns, as are the lethal takedowns. This game lets you approach in any way you choose and you can have a good time doing it.That's being said, this game obviously is not without it's faults, and here's a quick pro/con list to help sort some of these things out.PROS:Stealth and Combat are equally satisfying:  Though one option is technically better, and I'll get to that in a moment, neither is more satisfying than the other. The stealth mechanics work really well, where if one enemy thinks he sees you the others aren't immediatly alerted. They'll question whether the guy who saw you is going crazy or drunk or something before searching for you, if they even do. Enemies don't just instantly drop what they're doing, they go through a few stages of detection. Oblivious, Suspicious, Alterted, and Hostile. At each stage it will take longer for them to ignore you, and they will be more and more alert. The gunplay is also extremely well put together, with the guns feeling satisfying and being extremely fun to use effectively. So in the event you're caught, you won't feel dissatisfied (Other than with your lack of ability to stay hidden)The areas are extremely detailed: There's something unique around every corner, and if you pay close enough attention you can find terminals to hack that lead to weapon mods, money, and ammo. This game rewards you for not rushing it, it rewards you for thinking, and it rewards exploration in a really nice way.These are really the two main pros, obviously there's the interesting story backed with gamey voice acting that we're all used to. Some of the voice acting is pretty good, but most of it is pretty corny and obviously read from a script, but that's okay. Now onto the con.Con:Stealth is clearly the superior way to play. Non-lethal takedowns and hacking reward extremely highly. Normal kills get you 10 whatever points, headshots get you 20, while non-lethal takedowns always get you 30 or more. Hacking also gives you points, so even if you know the code to a door or computer, you might as well just hack it for the extra points and upgrades. Using stealth you can easily unlock every augment in the game, which breaks a lot of replay value. The only reason not to use stealth would be to see how the story changes when you kill everyone, which is extremely difficult on the hardest setting. I wish that it wasn't such a clear choice to go for stealth if you're looking for all the money and upgrades, but it is.Anyways, this game is extremely fun, and very deep. There's tons of content and i've barely scratched the surface of the game 12 hours into it, because I can't stop finding new places to go and new areas to explore. This game does exploration and discovery in a uniquely satsisfying way and I highly recommend picking it up."
,Recommended,238010,18053488,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Lyrush Wyrmrage,"Actually I felt that this game could use more secondary tasks like help some street people. This could improve the realism that have the game, but apart from that things, I think that this game have a good story and some action and that it's why I'm waiting for the sequel. I'm so excited about the new features. If I need to give a score to this game, I'll give a score of 8/10 because of the good story and the possibility of chosing what kind of action do you want to do."
76561198190321979,Recommended,238010,17153194,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,BLYAT,"I would recomend this game to everybody, it's a great experience of the story and the exploration.And the features that they is brilliant. Examples: Choose your own path, go loud or quit and the maps fell alive, not like AI Walking and thats it, it just fells like your in there. So my conclusion is that it has amazing story, exploration and the skill tree"
76561198071841742,Recommended,238010,10521043,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,The Greased Obese,"Easily in my top 5 games of all time. The story is amazing, the gamplay (at least, with a gamepad) is solid, all playstyles are viable, and it has an aesthetic that is unmatched. 10/10."
,Recommended,238010,16942699,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Pucho,"The most interesting thing of this game are the numerous ways to complete the missions, it has a very interesting story too.9/10"
76561198108941030,Recommended,238010,16998537,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Titan Tiger,"I highly recommend this game to any one who is looking for a great shooter/rpg. Diffrent endings, and also if you make one good choice it can come back at you with a bad outcome!"
,Recommended,238010,16327508,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,AlexFerras,"""I never asked for this"""
,Recommended,238010,11915695,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,sl●ppym●ves,I never asked for this. But I'm glad it happened.
,Recommended,238010,9222297,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Mahnogard,"I started with the regular version, played through it twice back to back, then upgraded to the DC as soon as the upgrade pricing was back in place.Yes, NG+ makes for a massively OP playthrough. Yes, the... thing... the did (or rather, didn't do) with the graphics in the DC is a bit of a downgrade. But the DLC integration balances that for me.I just love this game. I love the world, the characters, the story, the gameplay mechanics... Even the clothes! The level of detail, combined with the freedom of playstyle make for a really immersive experience. Did I mention that I love this game?"
,Recommended,238010,15254422,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,aNoobis,perfect
,Recommended,238010,9861521,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Maestro Fénix,"If all the stuff that were included as DLCs were from the beginning, as well as the AI improvement, then Human Revolution would have been perfect. Although is true that Director's Cut contains some graphical bugs, it really feels how the game should have been released. The weapons fit on the game (let's ignore how OP is the laser rifle), The Missing Link explains a crucial part of the plot (and making more references to DX1), and the extras such as the making of and the commentary audio are very good. Also, if you had before Human Revolution or the DLCs, you will get a discount when you buy this game."
,Recommended,238010,10880316,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Apostle The Fraud,"I guess this is a good game? Ummmm, I had fun, thumbs up I guess?"
76561197974078515,Recommended,238010,10705382,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,montyh7,"One of the best games I have played in a long time.  Great storyline, played on on the hardest difficulty and gained the Pacifist award.  Brilliant stealth game with great variations and consequences depending on your choices.Absolutley recommended."
,Recommended,238010,20945121,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,neverknowsbest,Sam fisher and Solid Snake walk into 7th heaven
,Recommended,238010,13100455,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Kawaii_MC_Ride,"walked into the ladies bathroom, 1 hour later in important dialogue, told to stay out of the womens bathroom.. 10/10"
,Recommended,238010,7564178,"Posted: 3 November, 2013",all,⎛⎝Ibuki Mioda⎠⎞,Day of Sex Human Lelvolution: Erectors Butt
,Recommended,238010,10944235,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Crumbo,This game is pretty awesome
,Recommended,238010,16775175,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Metallian,"There's a lot of things to like about this game. It has a really consistent (if awfully French-Canadian) world, some interesting characters, cool weapons and upgrades and a fair amount of player choice. Most of all it has some of the tightest stealth gameplay I've ever seen. The director's cut adds significant improvements, although it makes the main story a little too long. A really cool game good for two or three playthroughs of unique experiences."
,Recommended,238010,7749088,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,SirNinja,"(For those of you wondering whether this is a version of Human Revolution with Montreal and/or Upper Hengsha city hubs: sorry, this isn't it.  At this point, I doubt it'll ever come our way, at least barring a ""Super Director's Cut"" edition.  Don't be waiting for it.)The DE:HR Director's Cut integrates The Missing Link, a previously standalone story, into the original game, and adds in a New Game Plus mode which carries over all abilities (but no items, sadly) from a completed playthrough.  Some preorder-bonus missions are also added in, but the best addition here is a stellar commentary from the biggest names behind the game.  Seriously - give it a listen.  There's a ton of it (about 8 hours total), but quite a bit of it is insightful and interesting.  A new gold standard for commentary in video games (sorry Valve).Newcomers: this is an absolute steal for twenty bucks.  A playthrough of the Director's Cut will take you anywhere from 35-60 hours, depending on how much you see and do, and it's just a flat-out great game besides.  The art direction, soundtrack, and story are first-rate, as are the scenarios that accommodate a range of playstyles the Deus Ex universe is renowned for supporting.  Whether you try to sneak, hack, or shoot your way through this universe, it's a good time."
,Recommended,238010,13309049,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,tony_v (ajvitaly),"10/10One of the best games I have ever played. I highly recommend this to anyone who likes FPS, deep stories, and cyber-punk / futuristic settings."
,Recommended,238010,28047801,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Flying Fox,"Deus Ex: Human Revolution (DXHR) is the third installment in the Deus Ex series of games. This is a prequel previous to both Deus Ex and Deus Ex: Invisible War.The previous games were set in the distant future (2050's) where human augmentation is a reality, the United States is no longer a major global power, mega corporations have filled the power vacuum and conspiracies underpin all of it.DXHR is however set some twenty years earlier in 2027. You portray Adam Jensen, chief of security of Sarif Industries, a mid-sized manufacturer of human augmentations and contractor to the United States military. Along with Megan Reed your former flame and chief scientist of the same company. Along with her and CEO David Sarif, they are about to make a major announcement of a discovery that will potentially make human augmentation accessible to all and not just those who can afford the drug Neuropozyne, which is required to prevent the body from rejecting the augmentation. With the goal to enhance human lives, David Sarif sees this as the start of the next stage of human evolution.This is the initial premise of the game as shown during the introduction/tutorial of the game. Like the previous installments it is a first person shooter with stealth elements and ability to complete tasks using different paths. Deus Ex was a personal favourite of mine when I played it because you could play the game largely as you liked (main plot missions withstanding) and then experience the consequences of your actions play out accordingly. In most respects DXHR features the same gameplay elements.There are three styles of play: direct approach, indirect approach and avoiding contact altogether. For instance to open a door you can take out a guard then take the code from them, hack a computer terminal for the code or just bypass the door itself.Combat likewise has varied options with melee combat (called a takedown), an array of short to long range ballistic, energy and chemical weapons as well as the option to (depending on the weapon of choice) lethally and non-lethally taking out your opponent. Almost all weapons can be upgraded to suit your style of play as well.This of course leads to the element of the game. Augmentations can be aquired as the game progresses and allows you to essentially gain superhuman abilities over time. I won't go into specifics as this is what makes Deus Ex stand out from other FPS's. But they are well worth the wait as they help you to complete tasks in a variety of new ways.Pro's:A lot of work and attention to detail went into the in-game environments and characters to create a credible immersive experience.Excellent writing and voice work by all involved. A lot of work went into getting everything right.Amazing soundtrack by Michael McCann. Fits and enhances the atmosphere and immersion in game immensely.The game strikes the right balance between being giving you many options in-game and the tasks themselves not being too generic as is the case in other FPS sand box style games.Con's:It felt like the developers were running out of time during production as the story speeds up significantly towards the end of the game.Diehard players with feel the game helps you too much in completing a task, some visual aids can be however turned off.The animations (especially during conversations) are repeatedly used which ruins some of the work gone into the characters themselves.Overall the game comprises a healthy mix of a well structured story, game play, character development all set in a cyberpunk, distopian future. If you feel this is up your alley I do recommend giving this game a go."
76561198035793258,Recommended,238010,9751795,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Notsure,top ten rpgs - no exaggeration.
,Recommended,238010,9538186,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,ChessPiece,"I have never been so immersed into a video game before, and enjoyed every minute of playing Deus Ex.Deux Ex has the coolest and most interesting universe and plots of any game I have played, portraying a very believable and frightening future of a world in moral conflict and on the brink of civil war.The combat revolves around the player taking either a stealth approach or an aggresive one. Either way being fun, leaving players wanting to redo a checkpoint to perfect a certain method to complete it.This kind of gameplay has innevitably resulted in AI being a bit stuipid and too oblivious at times. Additionally, some boss fights are bit over the top and unnesccary.However, the variety of skills the player has to choose from and the unique environments of each chapter/level overshadows these faults.Deus Ex has been an example and of why games should be taken more seriously, and have alot more potential than being viewed as violent shoot em ups' as seen in the past.- 9/10"
,Recommended,238010,13456457,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,uguu～,Great game. Thoroughly enjoyed the Director's Cut. No issues apart from one minor side quest bugging out. Worth every minute.
76561198030290459,Recommended,238010,13456237,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,joebeasley23,"awsome gamplay ,everything about this game rocks"
,Recommended,238010,11412151,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,DavidRyan,"This is one of my favourite games.  But, what I will say is: The Missing Link forced DLC part of the game is really obvious insert into the game and basically messes with the pace of the whole thing. Sneaking becomes awful, because the gaps between checkpoints is too long.The immersion of this game is great. I really got into reading peoples emails and all the newspapers and such, and the world I inhabit.I enjoyed this. I played sneaking style. Luckily the boss fights are sorta fixed you can do some sneaky hacking things to win. Great experience. Highly recommended.New game plus is a good addition."
76561198083866660,Recommended,238010,7879789,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,kaokensho,"I didn't need another reason for a second playthrough, but since they've added new avenues (alt ways of beating bosses) and a few other tweaks, well, I'm all for that.  The most interesting thing is the staff commentary throughtout the game.  I found it very intersting and non-intrusive."
,Recommended,238010,14738949,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Ninja,I'm on my 5th play through and all I can say is this game is amazing.
76561198010231554,Recommended,238010,15718396,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Enguzrad,"In it's core Deus Ex: Human Revolution is a good game.I was pleased to see, that it can both run smooth and look good (surprisingly, at least for me, it runs better with Directx 11 enabled than with disabled), although it took some research and tweaking with game's settings.I don't have much negative things to say about sound either. Outside of fight music is more to the subtle side, after a while I started to not notice it much anymore and got used to it being there, it became inseparable part of the surroundings.Voice acting was mostly good too.The time you spend in the game will be divided into exploring the level, taking care of bad guys and talking to people.Levels are designed with different player's approaches in mind. There are many paths which you can take to get on better position or to get straight past the enemy, you just have to find them or have the augmentations to use them. There is of course always an option to go head on and shoot through the enemies.Every level has also many hidden items scattered around, which rewards exploration.There is also a lot of hacking to be had and hacking minigame here is one of the better you will see.Combat is cover based and stealth oriented.Sneaking around and taking down enemies one by one is the easiest way how to play the game. Sticking to cover will get you to 3d person mode, so you can look around corners, not to mention you have radar which shows position and facing of nearby enemies.When the enemies don't know where exactly you are, they behave really stupid. They walk on their paths, they never notice a missing buddy, when they briefly see you they will investigate but then they will quickly return to their path, sometimes they will play with their phones/tablets paying almost no attention to what is going on and they can be easily lured out of group with noise. It's the standart stealth AI we all know, nothing new but it still works.In direct combat their AI is sufficient. They will make use of cover, they remember your last location and will try to pin you down with fire, sometimes they throw grenades and may even divide and try to get closer to you.The story is the usual conspiracy, which you are uncovering bit by bit. For the most part it's focused on following the trail to find kidnapped scientists with sidestories on the way. There are choices to be made here and there but only a few has an impact on the game.There are some good characters with well written dialog, but unimportant characters can deliver few pretty terrible lines. Talking animations could use some work too, I don't talk about lips but body movement. Characters have tendency to repeat animations often and sometimes they look unsettled, almost shaking. For an RPG there is not that much talking here, but it's balanced out with persuasion minigames.Inventory system is a tetris on checkerboard with pieces of different sizes. Some might find it too small, but with upgrades it's more than enough. You won't fit all weapons there, but you will stick to few weapons which you upgrade anyway and you don't need to loot everything you find, because most things you need you will find, not buy. Unless you have a real problem with hording consumable items, you will get over it.Augmentations, you will unlock them using praxis kits, which you can find and also you will gains them for experience. There are just a few augmentations which I found useless, the others are usefull, more or less in dependence on your playstyle.Experience gain is problem though. You are rewarded with more experience for using non lethal methods and even more for non lethal takedowns (your close range attack consuming energy). It makes sense, unconscious enemy can be revived and for takedown you have to get close. But if you want to maximaze your experience, you are forced to certain playstale. It's either having fun or being effective. For me it would be better if there was just no set experience for every enemy, but it's more a nitpick.There are some things, which was bothering me though.First of all is lack of detail. Outside of main characters, there is little to no interactivity with other npcs in the levels. There are also numerous things which breaks immersion. Just to name a few, you can walk into a shop, go right past it's owner into back room, steal whatever you find there and the npc will not even take notice of your presence. Or in Alice Garden Pods during Belltower attack, you can still see closed pods with silhouettes of people just reading a book while civilian npcs are laying around dead. I guess Belltower soldiers are just kind enough to not disturb them and will settle for killing those who stand around.What makes it even worse is that developers had balls to put in pocket secretaries with unfinished text like the writer was interrupted by the attack.Also, if you will steal from offices in Sarif industries Headquaters, you will get emails from personel blaming each other for your thefts. This is a nice detail, which makes the overall lack of detail even more annoying.Also, if you have Direct's Cut version, there is dlc content integrated into the game. In practice it means, that when you get into cryopod to get yourself on a boat, which is near end of the game, you will be thrown into dlc, where they will take all your augmentations away at the beggining.I personally really hate when game takes all your benefits away without a possibility to avoid it. When you go trough most of the game exploring every inch of the level, taking down every enemy, going for the bonus experience for completing level unnoticed to get augmentations you want, and then when you have them and you finally don't have to care about experience and you can go trough level as you want, you just don't want to suddenly do that again, because game will take it away.That made me stop playing for few months. I'm glad I take a break, or else I would rush through that part just to get over with when actually it is a well made set of levels and dialogs with Quinn were great too.Just a few last things to mention - unskippable intro sequence and npcs interrupting you in persuasion minigame with ""You have nothing to say?"". Unnecessary.So, the game is good, just rough on the edges. It is definitely a worthy sequel, recommended."
76561198050126506,Recommended,238010,16834250,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,dragonbane,awsome game can't wait for the next
,Recommended,238010,15179019,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,.weiv,amazing!
,Recommended,238010,9570344,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Grottowalker,"well done game in general. although i can say if you just run and gun through the whole game you miss alot of the elements that make it a great game, ive been doing a ghost pasifst run, and i can say i am truly impressed with the depth to the mutiple choice conversations adam jenson can have.  over all good visuals, good gameplay with options and nice yellow colour scheme"
76561198053345045,Recommended,238010,9707924,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Numbersxteen,One of the best first person shooters i have ever played. Definately one of my favorite games.
76561197961028532,Recommended,238010,8965867,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,WarLust,"With over 200 hours between this updated version and the original plus Missing Link DLC, I've thoroughly enjoyed this game and would recommend it to people that enjoy stealth based games.  Of course, you can decide to use guns and go in blazing, but it's not as satisfying as watcing Adam take them down silently.  Along with stealth combat, you can hack computers, terminals, gun turrents, etc., talk people into giving up information that they normally would not, and the game adds RPG elements in the form of perks or skills.  Even when I thought that 5 or 6 playthroughs were not enough on the hardest difficulty, I still come back to this game for some more♥♥♥♥♥♥kicking.  It never gets old knocking people out."
76561198040487502,Recommended,238010,10302940,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Noremakm,"Delightfully hard, just all around fun, If you are looking for a stealth FPS this is the game for you. the ""Play +"" option that"
76561198033999305,Recommended,238010,10312652,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Calm down,"Great game. To be fair, i have not played the original and only bought it on discount for 5 usd. Well, for 5 usd, its definately worth it. For 20, i think most people would still find it a good value for money (assuming that you like the genre).I enjoyed the game thoroughly. Some parts were quite annoying (moving boxes over and over again). However, this is a rare game that does encourage you to try out different methods to overcome the problem. There is also some parts that were rather difficult.All in all, i liked the game."
76561198139235255,Recommended,238010,15834604,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,DIDACT,"I recommend everyone experience this steampunk, cyber-""noir"" adventure at least once. Its rare a game like this comes around.....it's a real gem."
,Recommended,238010,9669340,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Musclekid,I thought this game looked fun in youtube but once you get it is so hard to pass level 1 i would recommend it but just be warned if you play on easy mode it is more harder than you will think
,Recommended,238010,16161533,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Busverpasser,"I just finished Deus Ex for the first time. Even though I have never played any Deus Ex before, I enjoyed every second of the game. It truely is a great game and I had lots of fun with it. The story is simply amazing and you can easily comprehend it even if you - like me - don't know the other Deus Ex titles. I grabbed it in one of the Steam Sales and gotta say that I always feel like I robbed the creators... Spending that little money on such a great product is almost literally a steal...Now I'm looking forward to Mankind Divided :D."
,Recommended,238010,15034743,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Ghraal,Great game very much in the tradition of the previous iterations. Anyone who is a speculative fiction fan who loves a good story is sure to enjoy this.
,Recommended,238010,15212519,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,John Locke Me in a Cage,"This game is an absolute masterpiece. It meets all criteria that a game of it's genera should. To begin, it has a great story line. The way characters are introduced, said charaters' development as well as the development of the plot are all excellent. Not only that, but there are several options in game that can change the outcome of the whole story, and to top it off, the ending cutsences are very well orchastrated, and it makes you take a real look at human ideas, morals, and sacrafices. As far as the gameplay, I am also very impressed. The combat has some very nice mechanics such as the quick take down or the hiding behind cover mechanic. The leveling system that uses parixis kits to unlock augmentations is also very nice. Not only that, but the game presents a challenge that makes it fun and addicting.  As far as the graphics go, this game has beautiful, detailed textures. Unlike most first person shooters that focus more on actual combat and gameplay, rather than storyline, this game tackles both with staggering ability. I would highly recommend this game to anyone who not only wishes to play a fun shooter, but wants to be told an in depth interesting story of one man as well as all of humanity's countless trials and triumphs."
,Recommended,238010,15218359,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Stryke,My favourite Square Enix game in recent years. I desperatly want a sequel to this fantastic game.
76561198054611550,Recommended,238010,15185049,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Rapsusklei [ΞØP],"Do yourselft a favor and buy this game, simply amazing. 10/10 at everthing"
,Recommended,238010,7493613,"Posted: 27 October, 2013",all,[LR-N] Ahr1man,"""I never asked for this"""
76561198116678938,Recommended,238010,15015064,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Coran,"Excellent cyberpunk game, but a little long"
76561197995218090,Recommended,238010,15038555,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Skoningen,"Sweet game, alot of game play features. You can feel it have some years on its neck and some awkward controllers but otherwise splendid. Story is a well done kind of typical jason bourne story, so a GOOD action movie story (even if im not done with the game yet).It is kind of big, with lots of stuff to do and try out reminds me alittle bit of skyrim (not as large ofc)."
76561198047389753,Recommended,238010,15438725,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,AndyB9,"Deus Ex: Human Revolution - Director's Cut is a better version of an already great original cut. It features revampt boss fights, but I still find it easier to just throw a few land mines on their feet and call it a day. It's a must play. Maybe not so if you've already digested the original cut, but I still enjoyed just as much."
76561198086025823,Recommended,238010,15617407,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,T.J Lazer,"Great game, very powerful message. Can't wait for the next one!"
,Recommended,238010,16771627,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,eagleflo,"Deus Ex: Human Revolution is a much better game than I dared to hope for. As it is Eidos Montréal's first game, I was scared they couldn't pull a new Deus Ex off. I couldn't have been more wrong.The first thing you'll immediately notice is how the atmosphere of the world is just right. It is completely believeable, immersive and Deus Ex. The story pulls you in right away and won't let go until you're finished with it. The visuals of this game are amazing, nailing the futuristic look but with an original twist. The worldbuilding effort has been immense: there's so much to dive into.Next you'll notice how well the game plays. I've always loved stealth games and this one has that down so well. Unfortunately, the gameplay isn't balanced perfectly. Some of the augmentations are worthless, whereas some are highly useful in every encounter the game throws at you. Do some research beforehand if you don't want to waste your points. Many people have reported that combat playthroughs don't feel as rewarding as stealth runs, but I feel it's good that the game rewards carefulness and a strategic approach.Voice acting is well done. I initially thought Adam's voice actor sounded 'forced', but that's how his voice really sounds like, and now I couldn't imagine any other voice for him.A word of warning, though: don't chase the harder achievements like Pacifist or Foxiest of the Hounds on your first playthrough. It will distract you from the great storyline and take three times as long to finish the game. Finish the story first.In closing, this is one of those rare games I'm willing to play through more than once. I'm eagerly waiting for the sequel, Deus Ex: Mankind Divided."
,Recommended,238010,17409278,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,terrymcgrady,It's basically a fantastic game and really caught the vibes of future world aesthetically. I won't continue the praises as you can find them in many ohter reviews. However I don't like how they portait China and Chinese companies. So many biases. And the Chinese NPC voices are rediculous for someone who understands Chinese.I cannot wait for the sequel and so eager to see how this serie will evolve.
,Recommended,238010,17420435,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,°i apologize°®™,"The story and setting is like no other. unique in every way. From the story to the action, this is a game where you fall in love with the story. The characters are memorable and well voiced. Some of the best Background in games in in here. Especially when you get to higher levels in buildings. Seeing Towering skyscrapers go into the clouds and there is another upper city. Well Done.THIS NEEDS TO BE A MOVIE ASAP!"
76561198086726732,Recommended,238010,17649022,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Dalumba,"Deus Ex - it is surprisingly bright mix of action, stealth, role-playing, simulation detective.Deus Ex - it is a deep gameplay, great atmosphere and great music, unbanal philosophical plot.Deus Ex - it's a dark, interesting world of the future in which to live and solve problems in an adult."
,Recommended,238010,9692528,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,X3ss^,"An inspiring game that raises questions on all current political subjects: inequality, transparancy and biotechnology. A very impressive story from the developers of Eidos Montreal. A true piece of art."
,Recommended,238010,8594075,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,thealwesker,Good time.
76561197962708698,Recommended,238010,9646779,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,raTlik,One of the best game I have played so far. Recomended to all.
,Recommended,238010,9147742,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Sledge,"Even though I already own DXHR and the DLC, I bought this because they fixed a number of things.  First they combined the DLC into the game which makes sense as the DLC shows what happens to you after you leave Hengsha in the stasis tube.  Then (and this is the big one) they fixed the three boss fights.  If you set up Jensen as a brawler and killing isn't an issue, then these fights weren't a big deal.  But if you prefer an emphasis on stealth and electronic surveillance and prefer a more pacifistic approach, then you may have had some issues.Since I already had the game and the DLC, I only paid $5 which is about $5 more than I should have paid for a bugfix."
76561198005801855,Recommended,238010,9879477,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Warco,oh yah
,Recommended,238010,11898973,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,YvonnePewPew,"Worth every single penny that I placed. Side quest and hidden paths are not only interesting and offer different ways to tackle an objective, but also adds to the overall plot and lets you feel more immersed in the universe."
76561198091248676,Recommended,238010,13521152,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,OMFGITZURANUS,"Even though I just got this game, I played it long ago ...It's still my favourite game of all time!! A must get for 3rd person shooter"
76561198070325466,Recommended,238010,13677277,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Looc22,Translated the Deus Ex formula in to modern times [almost] perfectly.
,Recommended,238010,10781025,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Sonic12O94,"a very fun game, wether you like RPG's, stealth, action or first person shooters, this is a game that really ticks all the boxes.the combat is great, the leveling system is awesome and the story is just amazing, several plot twist will bend your mind back to front playing this game.the objectice is neve confusing like some games can, if you get stuck you just check the map and your fine. stealth is hard but rewarding a nd if playing on hard, its quite critical you master it.the only problem i had with this game is that some of the powers/upgrades can sometimes be very over powered, for instance, the is a small bit in a game where you need to cross a big room and get to the elevator and 50 guards come in toward you. jensen has the ability to turn invisible (once you buy the ability) and all i did was turn invisible and run past them. it feels like some of the hardest bits of the game wernt as chalanging as i would have like the to be.over all a perfect game for everyone     9.5/10  MUST BUY"
,Recommended,238010,14740407,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Phatboy,"Have you ever seen an air vent and wondered, could i fit through that? Where does it lead? Explore air vents and have other kinds of fun in this excellent conspiracy simulator."
76561198015515323,Recommended,238010,9011593,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,H3PO4,"Just awesome!!Real nice game, good story, multiple ways to play the game (Killer, Rogue or a mix of both) and you have the choice how the game environment will react on you caused by your decisions.Play it and you will see yourself!"
76561198069721135,Recommended,238010,15702165,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,xMxTnkx,One of the few games I've wanted to replay immediately after finishing it
76561198122083454,Recommended,238010,9588180,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Reaver,"Deus Ex Human Revolution is the third chapter in a legendary series that innovated genres such as stealth and rpg, and gave great freedom to the player's choices.Unlike Invisible Wars, HR, imo, is a great continuation to the series and delivers an experience on par with the original Deus Ex.To begin with, all the mechanisms of the game, from shooting to stealth and interactions, works great.Stealth is particularly important in the game and such approach is greatly rewarded by the game (as in Deus Ex).Of course, shooting is still there and is viable too.The rpg elements are well done with things like exp bonuses ,upgrading and the many different choices beign well implemented.Augmentation in HR, imo, works the best in the whole series with, at last, passive augs and a few meaningful active.Story-wise the concept is of course...CONSPIRACIES! For a few hours the player will see a corporate warfare unfold but later the story begins to broaden and eventually getting the player to choose his road.Take note that HR is a prequel to the first DE but whoever played the first 2 will get a nice treat, through easter eggs.Graphics and sound are well done too (NOTHING beats DE main theme ofc).The characters are well-written and Adam Jensen comes VERY close behind JC (maybe more in-depth than JC).All in all, DE HR is worthy of the Deus Ex title, and succeeds to do all that which IW couldn't.So I recommend this great game, especially the Director's Cut version with the redesigned bosses, for all those people who want to taste a bit of gaming history and either remember the fond times of DE or get initiated in this great universe."
,Recommended,238010,9657021,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,a bundle of sticks,JENSEN! I DIDN'T ASK FOR THIS.
,Recommended,238010,12110762,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,player,Why the hell are you even lookin at reviews? BUY IT NOW. Grabbed it when it wasn't on offer. Willing to grab it again.
76561197970461044,Recommended,238010,14950369,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,[DarkOne]Raven,"First time I played this game was on XBOX360, but it was the most amazing Deus Ex I've ever played. Most certainly superior in every way to its predecessor, Invisible War. Just recently downloaded the Director's Cut here on Steam, and it was well worth the price. (Admittedly I got it on sale for 4 bucks, but it's well worth 20 bucks.) It's an amazing blend of action and stealth gameplay, fluid and responsive controls and environmental interactions. The story and soundtrack is top notch. It's just simply and all-around gem of a game with great playability, and I highly recommend this to anyone who enjoys a well told story that can easily rely on its solid, well polished gameplay to carry it to a satisfying conclusion.-Raven"
,Recommended,238010,10011615,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,MIKEHATESYOU,"This game allows the player the option to choose your own method of dealing with difficult situations in a dystopian future where humans are augmenting themselves and becoming divided between augmented and non-augmented.  The choice system is great.For example:  You have to shake down this Chinese lady for a neural hub implant that she got illegally from the triads.  After giving her the implant, the triads want a monthly payment from her. She refusese to make these payments because she says she has fallen on hard times.  You; as the player, have the choice to take her snob story and play the white knight.....or do what I did:  I used my newly augmented right arm that ""I didn't ask for"" and haymakered that cheap gook across her glass, malnurished jaw.  She dropped like the sack of rice she is and I proceed to pull a damn nueral hub outta her skull.  Basically, buy this game.  10/10"
,Recommended,238010,14095575,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Khimera,"An amazing game with great combat and stealth systems, personalised abilities and awesome storyline.Issue are the small maps and need to re-visit areas, the lost of all upgrades during one mission set which is very annoying, seeing the same NPC faces every two seconds.Go a head and pick this game up its awesome if your a fan of metal gear or any other stealth games. also involves some moral checks ,,,,, I always start non- lethal and switch cause its more fun to head shot guards with lethal and know they aint getting uprate 9/10"
76561197995674865,Recommended,238010,9752507,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,TripleTwo,"One of the best PC games made even better!The graphics have been slightly improved over the non-DC game, the ""Missing Link"" DLC is now part of the actual game instead of just a standalone, and the boss battles - the worst aspect of the original - are now at the standard of the rest of the game.Seriously, buy this!"
,Recommended,238010,13814368,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Vanilla,10/10
,Recommended,238010,10650983,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,unionjack,This is an AMAZING game. If you like stealth games then Deux Ex HR is the best one out there.
,Recommended,238010,23452404,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Solar,"The story in this game is really good, and will give you over 20 hours of enjoyment. The game gives you a lot of choices, and despite this game obviously being meant to be played stealthy, I ran around killing everyone. I would highly recommend this game for anyone thats looking for a good sci-fi story."
76561198001307855,Recommended,238010,8365766,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,ocbdare,A must have! Great stealth gameplay and an amazing story
,Recommended,238010,8587222,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Nasdaqian,"Great game, immersive world that really lets you take it at your pace or play style. Reminds me a bit of mass effect"
76561197960620661,Recommended,238010,8295336,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,DrClaw,"excellent game, does justice to it's predecessor. must buy!"
76561197995730302,Recommended,238010,12537650,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,ZeroTronic,Awesome story. It starts slow and picks up by orders of magnitude along the way. A solid 40-60 hours of gameplay. The hardest difficulty setting was very playable.
,Recommended,238010,12559400,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Deen,"Deus Ex: Human Revolution is a great single player game that really makes you feel for your choices (untill the ending) Human Revolution has a wide vareity of gameplay options for any play style, loud and proud? sure. Sneaky and lethal? sure. knock everybody in the world out wiht tranq darts and a tazer? more power to you. while the gameplay can be little clunky and the interface can be a tad bit buggy from time to time.  While the story is great, the ending does have a bit of a lack luster response, not making note of any of your acheivemnets, which is out of place from the rest of the game, for example when a plane crashes during the middle of the game it is very hard (yet possible) to save the pilot. If the pilot is saved then later that game they will make an apearance and change the plot of the game. The game follows through with a great story and gameplay accented with great AI and Unique mechanics, with a total of 26.8 hour campain for a partial stealth run. This is a product worthy of recogniton."
,Recommended,238010,12607579,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,hrunk,"Possibly better than the original Deus Ex! Only thing they could have improved is the graphics engine. I was unhappy with the boss battles in the original Human Revolution, but this Director's Cut fixes that completely."
76561198062012613,Recommended,238010,12613282,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,bravo075,"One of the best games of the seventh generation, period. Actually the game provides many ways of approaching it's challenges, in my opinion if you want the full experience go for stealth, most of the perks acquired by the lv. up system will give you a boost regarding the stealth approach. Also this is one of those games that playing in the highest difficulty is actually fun rather than frustrating (again, with a stealth approach), it is all about patience and studying your enemies patterns. Now the story while based on science fiction is not that far off on what may occur in the future, it raises many philosophical dilemmas and shows the varios sides and opinions through different characters. I recommend this game to those that are fans of MGS or most stealh based games (that are well made), and to those who like to choose their own path in a deep and complex storyline."
,Recommended,238010,9783355,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Doopstein,This game has waltzed it's way right into my favorite games of all time list and I very highly recommend that you play it.
,Recommended,238010,7578252,"Posted: 5 November, 2013",all,Tudhalyas,"One of the best FPS games I've ever played, together with the original title (which is a sequel to the DX:HR's storyline, and that I highly recommend as well). Its plot is deep and intriguing, it will put you in front of many moral choices and you will have to face the consequences of those choices. You can tailor your characters to your preference -- either stealthy, tough and heavily armed or a mix of both. You can even finish the game without hurting a single person, if you exclude the bosses. If you like science fiction (and cyborgs in particular) and spy/action stories, this is the game for you.9/10"
,Recommended,238010,8052202,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,ARTI,"This game is just great, but still many bugs remains in Director's Cut from original release. Although for me gameplay, story and overall feeling of this game is so good thah I don't even care these bugs and have fun time playing this game."
,Recommended,238010,8834154,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Not Louis CK,"For those looking to upgrade from the original:The advertised boss fight upgrades are good if you want to experiment, but if you've played the game before you'll probably have more praxsis points than you can handle and know the best way to take these bosses down.  It's mostly for the newcomers, not for you.  The integration with all the DLC is a bit better too.  You don't get all the DLC weapons straight away like before but they're still present in-game.For those newcomers:It is a GREAT way for those looking to get into Stealth games.  It is easy to pick up and challenging to master while still not making things EXCLUSIVELY stealth-oriented.  The dialogue battles are also pretty great and tense, and I was amazed to see how they weren't just ""do these options in this order"".  It does really well at giving you a variety of choices, whether they be diplomatic or aggressive.  The aesthetics are fantastic, the voicework is great (perhaps a few hiccups with the foreign characters), and the overall gameplay is really fun and not repetitive.A must-buy for all."
76561197999614236,Recommended,238010,10291242,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,The Shaft,"This was by far one of the best games I have played in a long time. It was challenging, fun, and well worth playing. I recommend this game to anyone who hasnt played it. I enjoyed the gameplay immensely, Not to mention the story was compleatly original and incredibly difficult to stop playing once you get started. 10/10 Would definitly play again and sequels to come."
,Recommended,238010,13504598,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Cpt.Sharpie,"Incredible game! Fun gameplay, amazing story, and interesting mechanics!"
76561198003020603,Recommended,238010,9393733,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Heiga,"10/10 A game everyone should play through. Once you've finished you will want to give it to your mother, your grandpa, your 1 year old niece, you teacher, your dentist, your gang leader, that stranger you passed by yesterday, everyone you know."
,Recommended,238010,9647975,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Moraisu,"It is a great game, but not the Deus Ex sequel that you wanted, the original Deus Ex is still the best game, this game is a very good game in terms of story, gameplay, all that, you allready know what this game is about, now for the interesting part of the Director Cut is the New Game+That is the reason why I got it, so I could finish the game and start a new one so I could go all out Rambo! The idea of freedom of choice in this game is a joke ""Oh, you can kill him but we will give you a 1/5th of the experience that you would get if you let him live"", ""very nice headshot! Here is 1/10th of the experience that you would get if you just stunned him"".Yeah... the game is made so that you get way lot more XP if you play the pacifist route, and you finish the game way lot faster if you go all Rambo... well in the game's ""defense"", the Rambe way of doing things requires way less upgrades to work, so you could call that ""a balance"".oh, and the ending is a joke, you get three buttons, that's it, the ending is the same video just with a diferent voiceover, that's it, this is not a game you should play for the ending but just for the ride. It runs well, good controller support and FOV sliders.For the asking price? The ""remake"" of old game port.. right... get it on sale."
76561198035203623,Recommended,238010,10139347,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Pent,"Good game mechanics. Makes you think outside of the box.Good gameplay. Stealth or YOLO mode.....OP inventory slotsRobot legs that have super-strength.... can only jump 2 feetNo parkour mechanics.~Okay~ plot.bosses are too OP, but still beatable9/10 would knock out enemies again."
,Recommended,238010,13938761,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Uplink,"First things first, i played a lot of the original DXHR , sadly you can't find it on the Store anymore. I haven't been able to play the Director's Cut, but what i can say about the game is:+ One of the best Action Shooter in the last few years+ Great Story. Great Characters. Great Location+ Complex Stealth System+ Role-Play Elements are included such as a skilltree+ I love the setting- German Voiceover isn't that good (I recommend everyone to play this game in English)The Director's Cut merged one big Problem out of the game, the Stealth-System was heavily optimized, so you don't have to rely on other augmentations anymore. All in All i can say, i love this game over everything. It's my favorite game and i bought every DLC and even the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ PC - iOS portation!I recommend this game to everyone who likes this kind of setting and i will still play hours through the directors cut."
76561198108943128,Recommended,238010,16105414,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,THE UNKOWN ASSASSIN,breathtaking
76561198015883453,Recommended,238010,10888294,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,janyf,"I completely recommend this game for anyone who love inteligent stories. Every situation in game have multiple solutions, these variety is supported by RPG - features like unlocking new augmentations."
,Recommended,238010,17682094,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Walas,"Great story, great graphics, can run on a 6 years old PC. Loved the expierience.Level designers basically take you by the hand and guide you through the game, so even if you don't know where to go - just explore. You will go the right way without even knowing it - that's important if you're not the explorer gamer kind.The problems touched by this game are pretty serious. It left me thinking about these things now.Also, great gamepad support, best I've seen lately. There is no aiming assistance which might be frustrating at times (it's still an FPS).Get it, experience it!21 hours of gameplay for me.Protip: Commentary enabled through Extras menu."
,Recommended,238010,10707165,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Dr Wntrmute,"On sale for another 5 hours, but worth it even at the regular price - director's cut improves the few flaws of the original, notably boss fights, as well as inserting the DLC into correct location in story. Pacifist runs now deeply satisfying."
,Recommended,238010,10891903,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,robokha,"Really cool game, and has some replay value."
,Recommended,238010,8942379,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Cylinder1024,I love this game. Let this game into your heart!
,Recommended,238010,10899815,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,ＳＣＯＴＴＺＯＲＺ 「BITE ZA DUSTO」,"I never asked for this.Rest in peace, big rizzle, etc.Something something augmented.This isn't a Deus Ex-tier game, but it's pretty fun regardless. The game is fairly linear by nature, but it does offer different playstyles (shoot people vs don't shoot people), and there doesn't seem to be much in the regards of ""gray area"" in moral development. Either you're an unrelenting murderous ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, and you're treated as such, or you're a saint (or ♥♥♥♥♥, according to others). Moreover, the game's regarding of your moral standing is fluid in the sense that people don't give two ♥♥♥♥♥ about your past, only about what you just did 5-10 minutes ago. And, there's a lot of decisions that you make that you'd think would come back to bite you in the♥♥♥♥♥ but there's really only a select few that will serve to impede you in any way if you make the 'wrong' choice.The game is somewhat difficult if you're playing it for a stealth-based game, and pathetically easy if you're not. You can typhoon to victory, and you don't really need anything more than a 10mm pistol in the game if you're not a total ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ (but the game is notorious for HAVING NO ♥♥♥♥ING PISTOL AMMO LATER IN THE GAME SERIOUSLY WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥)"
,Recommended,238010,26596961,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Dr.Patriot,This game accurately predicted the Prime Minister of Canada. This should be enough to merit a purchase.The game is excellent and I would recommend it to anyone who enjoys either shooters or good writing.
,Recommended,238010,12691925,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,ScareKro,Elias Toufexis' voice will never cease to put a smile on my face :) Awesome game with suprisingly good graphics and a great storyline.
76561198097232546,Recommended,238010,12743442,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Strategic Muffins,Awesome. Even better than I remember. The missing link DLC is a nice change of pace. Highly recommended.
,Recommended,238010,10620047,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,☢NUKA COLA☢,"This game is incredible, I don't know where to start. Thing I like about this game is that it doesn't take you for an idiot, it's rewarding to talk to the npc and ask them questions. It's rewarding to look around to find hidden stuff. Playing at highest difficulty force you to be stealthy and it give a great rewarding feeling when you complete levels without being spotted once. The story has a great plot twist. Hacking minigame is fun but since there is so many things to hack it tends to get a little old at the end of the game. Took me 32 hours to finish the game and I had a lot of fun trough the whole game, this game is great value. I strongly recommend. :D"
76561198183198965,Recommended,238010,18503659,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Sucre,best game ever
,Recommended,238010,16914262,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Mudzie,"This game was much much more than I expected, that's probably why I have 100+ hours on record!The ability to go either insane and shoot everybody to the end or go about the story with the stealthy pacifist you are is just great. The story is really nicely put together, and the gadgets and upgrades you have and can use just make it more awesome to play. Plus, Jensen's one of the most badass antagonists you could be. The achievements are not impossible to do and they actually make you wanna play more, unlike for example Mafia II achievements... Those ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s!!!I'm not the type of gamer who would repeat a story-driven game, unless it was a Metal Gear Solid. But there I was, playing this game over and over until I realized maybe I should start playing one of the 30 games I have in my library since ages, which I haven't touched yet... Like any other dedicated Steam gamer! This thing sucks you in and you'd feel good about it. I think it's a huge win for Eidos Montreal, and I cannot WAIT for Mankind Divided!"
,Recommended,238010,14641592,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Nirrtix,"IT is not quite the original Deus Ex, but I liked it's story. I liked the customization of the weapons and the options of how to finish the game. You have a lot of side quests and options for play style as well (for instnace, guns a blazing or stealth killing etc.) Boss battles are in the game, I know some people do not like those. The boss battles might be complicated if you are playing a style that is more stealth based.The game has great graphics, sound, controller support and I ran into no bugs. I enjoyed it and have played through it a couple times on the PC and on my Xbox 360. While it had the storyline and elements of the playstyle of Deus Ex. It is more linear and might dissapoint someone looking for a true sequel in regards to gameplay."
76561197965211452,Recommended,238010,19368528,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,amoklIllI,I would definetly recommend this game.I really like the setting and the story. Although the characters are a little lifeless with their facial emotions.
76561198026405909,Recommended,238010,19446485,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,saca,"Sneaked, stunned and hacked my way through the first half of the game, gun totted without remorse through the rest of it. Though the former was more bountiful xp and augmentation-wise, the latter was definitely more fun. Gotta love emptying a heavy rifle barrel on a handful of unsuspecting cronies while cloaked.Does feel kind of engineered when you realize that all the various approaches(hack security, hidden passages, social, brute) are available for the vast majority of objectives.Engrossing world & storyline. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,238010,19638217,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,jos2000,"Arguably my favorite game ever, its up there with Half life, Half life 2 and its Episodes for me. I feel that Deus Ex Human Revolution is an amazing game from the Deus Ex series, I love the colour scheme (although some don't) due to it having an urban glow of yellow/orange, the music is also composed by Michael McCann very well and fits the environments that you explore. Elias Touxfexis has a fitting voice for Adam Jensen's character as it brings out the harsh reality of the story  or just the fact that he is cybernetically enhanced. Deus Ex Human Revolution is a game that I would recommend to anyone who wants to immerse themselves in a deep story with many sidequests and routes to choose that will subsequently have consequences later in the playthrough.10/10 One of the Best Games Ever created."
,Recommended,238010,20255821,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Akuma,"Really good game,please play if you haven't yet it is really great"
,Recommended,238010,9204401,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,CheekiiBreekii,"Took a while to play but man it was well worth it, i think this is one of the best single player games i have ever played if you are into mass effect or stealth games alike this is a must for you.The look of the game is just amazing and the feel of it is twice as mutch."
76561198114677637,Recommended,238010,22700179,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,The Big Bad Wolf,"Few games in todays market can match the brilliance of this game. Combining stealth, action, storytelling and gameplay in one seamlessly smooth ride that you cant help but like.AMAIZING!!PROS -*Great gameplay*Great story*Brilliant rpg style character upgrading system.*Decent visuals(keeping in mind its date of release)*Several endings to the game*Numerous thrilling and creative ways to approach each and every mission.*Stealth oriented and advocated.*An experience to remember.*The best hacking experiance in a game.*Choices matter.CONS-*Repetitive and not so fun misssions at the MISSING LINK section of the game.9/10 GREAT. Definately a must buy."
,Recommended,238010,22470394,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Hikotenka,OOO YIII
,Recommended,238010,9366398,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Halflight,"Deus Ex: Human Revolution is a prequel to the original Deus Ex game and follows the story of Adam Jensen, a security chief at an augmentation (cybernetic implantation) industry, who finds himself augmented against his will and put against a myterious conspiracy he must discover and twhart in time.The story of Human Revolution keeps itself interesting for the whole game, with a very clever portrait of technology advancements debates, few cameos from characters of Deus Ex and a good bunch of original protagonists. As with every Deus Ex title there is a lot of reading and exploring to do for players who really want to dig further in the game's setting: doing so even awards you nice chunks of experience every time.Gameplay-wise, one must say that Human Revolution offers less freedom of action than its predecessor. While in the original Deus Ex you could go around destroying anyone and anything or decide to either incapacitate or plain evade both regular enemies without any consequence, truly allowing you to slowly build your own way to overcome the game's challenges, this sequel still gives you the same amount of freedom, but turns the table more in favor of an action-packed approach. Each boss encounter requires you to kill your enemy and every one of them are very durable augmented agents that will torn apart a player that relayed only on stealth and evasion up to that point. You can't run away either. There are also several instances in the game where going full killing mode against your enemies is required to achieve certain results.The Director's Cut DLC tried to fix such design choices by adding to the bosses arenas more way to eliminate them with indirect means. However, it's worth mentioning that you still HAVE to kill them and they have been severly buffed up from the first version of the game, to the point that even trying to off them with hacking or unconventional means is very hard without some protective or straight combat augs.The Missing Link DLC is a four hours worthy new content that was fully integrated in the main story of Human Revolution with the Director's Cut. The DLC takes place on a Belltower cargo ship, the Hei Zhen Zhu, and requires you to find and neutralize the local mercenary leader in order to continue your main story to Singapore. Whyle the ship features very crampy environments, the whole DLC still feels like a Deus Ex game, with plenty of alternative options to choose from. The final boss of the Missing Link is also much more Deus-Ex-esque than the ones from the vanilla game.I would totally reccomend Deus Ex: Human Revolution due to its outsanding story and gameplay united with a huge replay value that allows you to experience a different kind of game every time you decide how to deal with the enemies and the other NPCS your own special way differently"
76561197995174563,Recommended,238010,8679435,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Mr Kenish de Ravager,A most excellent game!!! Must buy!
,Recommended,238010,14593979,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,FrostIX,A great stealth game with a good story. Played the whole game without bugs.10/10
,Recommended,238010,7735421,"Posted: 24 November, 2013",all,Dracnah,"I am totally addicted to this game.I love the open world genre and how your decisions during the gameplay will matter later in the game.Another cool feature is that you can choose to play a normal character with guns and that kills people, or you can play stealth with non lethal weapons. I played stealth, I've even tried to get the pacifist achievement, which means you don't kill a single person during the whole game (and I succeeded in my goal, brag brag :P ).If you are going to play stealth then I will recommend you on the strongest to play the directors cut, because they've fixed a lot of stealth characters problems in the boss fights, though it's still not perfect.I will definitely recommend you this game, it's worth the time and money. :-)"
76561198273226469,Recommended,238010,23400065,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Halogen_Skies,"Epic. Less a game more of an experience.I spend time just taking in the views.To be able to stealth an entire mission is next level.Buy this game,  play it, then be sad you can't have robotic arms.A+"
,Recommended,238010,18619616,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,The_Mayan_Hawk,"I have sunk way too many hours into this game... Every single one of them was worth it.  From trying different Aug/weapon combos, to different styles of trickery to get to an objective.  It is worth every penny it costs and I can not wait to get DE:MD"
76561198134991930,Recommended,238010,14282505,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Jefito,Have you got any phylosopher thoughts in these days? Well.. Try this game them. It is not only on action game... it is beyond of that.. Human augmentation.. ethical dylemas... If you like this all kind of things and like a good action game you  should try Deus Ex.
,Recommended,238010,23766811,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Hobra,"Wonderful!Amazing!A mixture of stealth, guns blazing masterpiece.Worth every damn penny!15/10"
,Recommended,238010,20830902,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Nasher,When you find out that you can actually kill yourself in the end... this makes the sequel totally pointless
76561198107075061,Recommended,238010,17906784,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,DILWALE_BEAST,"an awesome game of 2013..... good graphics, good gameplay , good story & a sexy HERO..... :*"
,Recommended,238010,12497925,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,jgcustomcomp,"Half Life 2 Raised The bar of the gaming community. DeusEx is continuing that Trend.The DeusEx Franchise Was a promo Disc at thte time of HL2s Release, They've taken a choppy 640 x 480 promo and made it into one hell of a Game. Great graphics, precise controls (Without being overwhelming).I really like the fact that you have control over the character dialogue.It's the First game I've played that give's you an actual choice in how you Respond to the NPC's. It doesn't ask if you agree and force you to agree (otherwise that part of the game is nullified.)I've only played for an 1.5 Hrs. but I Really like the way the game is unfolding.Excellent Job!!"
76561198151852758,Recommended,238010,22361725,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Hentai Dude,"I had this game for the Xbox 360 and fell in love. I just had to buy it for my PC and im still playing it to this day. I dont think ill ever get tired of this game. The DLC was ""meh"" for me. The only part i disliked was when they took all my augments away. I was so sad but atleast you get them back at the end of the DLC. I wish there was an option to skip the DLC. I know this is just me running my mouth but honestly if you havent tried this game yet you must. Plus they took away that horrible orange tint you always had on your visor in the normal one. You still have the orange tint but only on objects and stuff."
76561198155724825,Recommended,238010,22383855,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Illusive Man,"Much like the humans in this world who augment their bodies and minds to gain an upper hand in society, Deus Ex: Human Revolution aspires to be greater than other videogames on the market, and it succeeds impeccably. You are Adam Jensen an augmented cyber security agent for the world’s leading augmented research corporation Sarif Industries. Your goal is to solve who is behind a serious of terror attacks on the company by any means necessary. However, just because you are given the tools of the gods does not mean you should necessarily utilize them. Deus Ex is a game about choice and unlike other games that advertise choice as a key aspect of the game and fail to deliver Deus Ex delivers it, and with a cyber fueled bang! You influence the story and you decide your play style whether it involves becoming a sneaky hacker or a near indestructible cyber death machine, there is no hand holding or hints of what the game wants you to do, make your choices and live with your consequences. Whether that means changing the course of a characters path into an ill-fated direction or not properly preparing for a mission and getting destroyed by your opponents it’s all up to you. The story takes an immense amount of shocking turns as it stacks the stakes with every second you play the game resulting in an ending where based on your perceptions of the world you decide what the best course of action for its survival, and boy is this world something. Resembling the light on shadow styles of renaissance paintings Deus Ex strongly resembles a crumbling Sci-fi dystopia somewhere along the lines of Blade Runner or Dredd with a mesmerizing soundtrack and a hypnotizing environment. Deus Ex: Human Revolution is truly fire stolen straight from the gods."
76561198167411394,Recommended,238010,25622094,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,W8lifts,"Finished the game and took about 30 hours for me. One of those games I bought long ago and never played till this year, wish I didn't wait so long to play it"
,Recommended,238010,22615573,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,JonathanWhiting13,GET THIS GAME IT IS ONE OF THE BEST GAMES I HAVE EVER PLAYED-AMAZING STORY-GREAT ART STYLE-GREAT CHARECTERS-AWSOME SETTING-COOL MECHANICS-AMAZING SOUND TRACK11/10
76561198142726236,Recommended,238010,33199934,Posted: 3 July,all,tallyshaw,"The jist of director's commentary:  this thing we wanted to do would have been awesome, but it didn't work out, so you're playing the thing we put together in a fraction of the time to make up for it.Play with commentary off for you first play through for sure. Don't make my mistake.  A decent game still."
,Recommended,238010,8178650,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Judassem,"This game has one the most interesting, though-provoking and intriguing scenarios I have ever seen in a video game. The game is actually half-game, half philosophical treatise about the nature of human evolution. All throughout the game, you see how human augmentation can have worldwide, society-changing results, and how those results affect the lifestyle of both the rich and the poor.Apart from the incredibly realistic plot, the game also has a very good game play. You can choose to be a hacker, who depends on enemy turrets and robots to do the job for him, you can be a straight-up combat machine, killing people with ferocity that would make T-1000 proud, or you can be an augmented, cyberpunk James Bond, who does everything in stealth. Or, you can be the jack-of-all-trades and have a skill tree which tips in all three areas (which I did myself). In neither of these game styles will you feel overpowered or under-powered. The game play is just right.The sound-acting is phenomenal. Our character, Adam Jensen, has an uber-cool and sexy voice, and the game's soundtrack is just amazing. All throughout the game, you will have no less than a treat for you ears.About graphics? Well, don't forget this game came out a few years ago. It's clearly behind graphics oriented games like Battlefield 4, but it's not so bad to make you go ""ugh."" Just don't expect very much from the graphics area.All in all, this is one the best games I have ever played in 2013, especially with its story, which will literally make you stop and think about the issues mentioned, and with its awesome soundtrack. You owe it to yourself to play this awesome game!"
76561198047209353,Recommended,238010,8352495,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,OverDeNexus,"I did not know Deus Ex before i saw it on Steam. I purchased this game because it was on sale, cost only $4.99. I watch some trailers and reviews reckoned i could give it a shot. And gladly its worth the money.For starters, this game is somewhat like Mass effect + Dishonored hybrid, assuming you know both these games. You might not agree, anyways its just my opinion. But be warned, to me this isint quite a shooter game. It's an FPS, it has got a handful of guns and you can shoot things as shown in the trailer but most of the times you'll be doing lots of stealth, hiding behind covers trying to sneak past enemies. Sounds pretty familiar? (Hitman). Well if you dont like the stealth approach, you could go gun blazing, but i dont think this is the way this game is meant to be played, especially during the first half of the story which is after llike 10+ hours of gameplay (for me) mainly because you could be easily outgunned. Of course you could jump right infront of the enemies and shoot them in the face tough later in the game prior to sufficent upgrade of your carecter.So..... If you are looking for fast-paced shooter like COD, your wont get it. Its a slow-paced game involved lots of thinking as in how do i get past this, how do i access that, something like that. If you're in it for the story telling and RPG experience then i recommend you to grab it. The voice acting might not be fantastic but it works and it surely gave me a somewhat unique experience that not many games could offer.I'd love to give it a 9/10 but -1 for the graphics/visuals, so it's 8/10 ! Dont get me wrong, its graphics aren't crappy at all, is just that i adore better ones."
,Recommended,238010,18064701,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Mr.Dahl,"I've both the standard edition and directors cut. Buy the directors cut. It's way better. The boss fights are updated and better, the missing link is included, new weapons etc. Pretty much a new game."
76561197985324665,Recommended,238010,32348575,Posted: 11 June,all,zamba1,"Upgrade yourself with augmentations of choice and play stealthy or with guns blazing, the game will let you. There are also a lot of possibilities for exploration. The boss fights are intelligent.Edit:I completed the game a second time. The attention to detail, the freedom to complete goals in multiple ways and the effects of choices you can make is really amazing. Makes DXHR one of the best games I ever played."
,Recommended,238010,15024587,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,MightyMadMaxx,This is by far the best version of this game Dlc included and awsome comentary from the creators giving you a even more indepth look into the world of Deus Ex. The only downside to this game is how llinear it really is even tho it has that vast open world feel to it .
76561198070802982,Recommended,238010,9208880,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Koala,"This game is both action-filled and sneaky. You may choose wether you want to play it sneaky or not, though it`d definetly be the better choice if you`re not a fan of dying too much. It also includes some cool features such as hacking systems (doors, machines etc.). It has a good variety of different guns/weapons, from Tranqualizers to pistols and machine guns.I`d recommend the game at the highest, so go buy it now! Not later, now!-Koala"
,Recommended,238010,13340347,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,zerogen ★❤☮,"deus ex, more like ballsy♥♥♥♥♥ex"
,Recommended,238010,25210812,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,820,Loyal to the past but one foot in the future.
,Recommended,238010,25281024,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Twisted_omeN,"Remarkable game. In most games it feels grueling to go through all the story and exposition, but in this game it felt like a treat!Warning: If possible you should grab the original version, as the Director's Cut is riddled with bugs, from graphical and texture glitches to framerate and audio. However if this is all that's available, go for it."
76561198205122680,Recommended,238010,14378162,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Valith,"Excellent game. Great story, great combat, great mechanics, in depth augmentation system. In every objective there was always a path to sucess and you always feel equally rewarded in comparison to other paths. When its on it's game its style and execution set it apart. Although there are parts where it's a little iffy the animations can be rather robotic which could be poetic. This game is pretty good at establishing what the game allows and it rewards paths taken weren't intended. Unfortunately the method of dealing with bosses isn't as expansive. You can't show mercy or anything you kill them that's it. Overall brilliantly satisfying and in depth with few faults. Play it."
,Recommended,238010,14440172,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,ゼンキル,"Bought the game when it was on offer and I have to say that this game is very good. You have the option to either kill the enemies like a killing machine(literally) or sneak around like a ninja. Difficulty is okay at first and then they slowly raise it as you unlock more and more augmentations, and some parts require you to think hard and make use of the objects in your environment if you want to be a ninja. Boss fights are interspersed at appropriate intervals, so even ninjas have a chance to kill. Stealth in this game can sometimes be an adrenaline rush and hacking wise, I have to say that I find it interesting, especially when you hack higher level terminals. Outside of story missions, you can roam the streets and pick up side quests as well hack into everything you see that has a security terminal, making the game not just limited to main missions, but allowing you to explore and also get achievements. All in all, a 9/10 and I really highly recommend this game if you are willing to dedicate the time to explore the areas of the game.P.S: Have not finished the game yet but these are my thoughts so far. Feel free to refer to other reviews if you want more info."
76561198016435055,Recommended,238010,14495058,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Big Nick,"One of the best games I have ever played. I haven't had an experience like this since Metal Gear Solid. I have played so many games in my life and lately have found myself jaded; so much so that at times I may go 5 or 6 Months with no desire to play any. This game restored my faith in the ability of modern games to tell a story and be unique. It made me realize that maybe I'm not getting ""to old"" to enjoy a video game.  Do yourself a favor and purchase this game, even if it's not on a Steam sale. The Developers and Producers deserve the capital."
,Recommended,238010,13560249,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Variowario,"At first I thought it would be another Square Enix failed attempt in making an old style game come back to life, but then after playing it for awhile it became not fully repetitive (unless you have to do take downs 50 times, hacking 50 times or knock outs 100 times...).  I give this game a 4.2 out of 5 because like I said some repetitiveness in certain things, but also the random frame drops that could occur which could glitch out the whole game making you fall out of the universe in some fashion like Assassin Creed Unity. Other then that the story has its ups and down, but the action of stealth can keep you on your toes trying to keep you running or else you could die from a stray turret round."
,Recommended,238010,10907754,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Gh0st iN ThE MaChiNe,I absolutely love and recommend this game. A great job was done with it. Great storyline and a non linear playing experience just like the previous Deus Ex games. Combines FPS and RPG in a seamless manner. Many elements of the very first Deus Ex game are present in this title.
76561198023116421,Recommended,238010,15490444,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Zogzton Pride,punching simulator.10/10
,Recommended,238010,16008139,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Lymanity,I played this a year ago and I couldn't put it down. I played this this week and I couldn't put it down.
76561198095696707,Recommended,238010,15975431,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Thway the AetherKnight,"This game is simply awesome. It has a nice blend of action and roleplay, with your decisions, choices, and playstyle having a very meaningful impact on the world around you. The stealth and dialogue challenges are superb, while the direct combat playstyle is somewhat generic but still entertaining. Epic storyline, and very immersive lore-filled worlds. Load time is fairly long sometimes, but the game runs well and the graphics are top-notch. This is easily my favorite video game.10/10"
,Recommended,238010,14577804,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Andromeda,"This game is fantastic, in my opinion. Yes, there are flaws, but the environment, atmosphere, and politics of the world are all extremely captivating. The gameplay is insanely fun, as well. I bought this after playing it once through because I enjoyed it so much."
,Recommended,238010,16541706,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Doctor Mosquito,"You play as a tall, gruff, robotic man with sunglasses who always never asks for things."
76561198105761107,Recommended,238010,16739625,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,The Wrath of Santa,"Enjoyable FPS stealth infiltration game with light RPG elements. Gameplay reminded me of Splinter Cell but with robotic enhancements.  Credible lead character nicely voiced in a Clint Eastwood style clenched teeth drawl.  Essentially you play as this maverick  Cyber-Dirty Harry  ex-cop trying to get to the truth behind the attack on the Biotech company that employs you as the head of security.  OK story, light RPG, main mission focused, limited number of side missions.  Oh and one more thing, it's good to play as a character you actually like and who isn't  a complete !?£$.  Bought it on sale 80% off, good value, worth it."
,Recommended,238010,16528225,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Sarochi,Greatest robot-punching game ever.
,Recommended,238010,18409890,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Rozrewolwerowany Rewolwerowiec,24 hours of masterpiece
,Recommended,238010,18677818,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,M I R A G E,Deus Ex: Human Revolution is very good gamegood story and good gameplayIt's first game i'll get all achievements1000000/10 for this!!
,Recommended,238010,18700219,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Michael Wilson,"""I didn't ask for this [awesome game]""."
,Recommended,238010,18921387,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Forenyl,It has barrels in it.Nuff said.
,Recommended,238010,18950131,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Wolfsblut,Seems like i  forgot to do a Positiv Review for it.Sadly i don´t recall any deep Detail about it anymore.I had both Version a none Director´s Cut and now this re-bought because it is a amazing game.Years ago it did make me happy that one of my beloved Serie´s would have such a great Title i could play.Can´t wait to play next Game in 2016!Game takes Place in Various Places Mission are somewhat always the same but it does somehow want you to keep going because of the Story. Sometimes either my Computer or the AI/Game was messing with me. The game is more Tactical than Brute Force (like Spec Obs - The Line) i loved the Situations where i could choose fight? run? from behind? and than there is a sudden civilist and making emeny´s getting alert..that was proably most sucking part of the game because you can´t be silent with that. In my Opinion i was a invisible Harbinger of Death..before they were alarmed i had them already gave them...a Knockout XDThe Story should be carefully watched as it is a little bit confusing and the ending even more than getting all parts thogether ^^Also watch the Direct´s Cut it contains a lot stuff that was interesting like Making off/behind the scenes and extra´s.Now all we need is to wait for Mankind Divided right?HAYAKU 2016!!!
,Recommended,238010,18872011,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Kohfi,"This really is an incredible game. The storyline is quite good, the combat system is great and there are a fair amount of side-quests to be done. It's still a pretty game at the end of 2015. 100% recommendable"
,Recommended,238010,18758395,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,{And Super Creeps),"Don't let the hours fool you, I played through this game many times back when OnLive was a thing and I can say without a doubt that this game is YELLOW."
76561198072458487,Recommended,238010,19253687,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,alif.bipu,An excellent game.... outstanding story and high replay value......
76561198088524597,Recommended,238010,18436352,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Chefie McCheface,"So the game...tells a great story, with philosophy ideas beneath. Took me a while when taking final decisions. Made me think. Deep game, not fast-paced tho. 10/10"
,Recommended,238010,18223483,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Vlad,Possibly the best FPS game ever.
76561198116893692,Recommended,238010,18262245,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Frosty,The most stealthiest and challenging game ive ever played.Great storyline great ending rate it 10/10
,Recommended,238010,13675795,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Boner,i cannot beleve this. I cannot belv it. THey put a director getting CUT live on steam. this is un♥♥♥♥♥♥ beleive able.padme jensen saves the world and then F   U   C   K   I   N  G   D   I   E  Sxplay
,Recommended,238010,12276623,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,AlchemistiD,"The Deus Ex Series has had tremendous ups and downs over it's lifespan.It began with the critically acclaimed Deus Ex, but that was followed by the widely panned Deus Ex: Invisible War.  A straight up FPS sequel was under development at the time of Invisible War's release named Deus Ex: Clan Wars, but was retooled and released as Project Snowblind.It wouldn't be until 2011 that Deus Ex would finally see a worthy sequel in Deus Ex: Human Revolution, well...actually it's a prequel, so the wait's still going on in that department.The Director's Cut isn't a tremendous upgrade over the original, the largest difference is the inclusion of ""The Missing Link"", a challenging DLC for the original game.  With or without The Missing Link however, this is still a tremendously fun game."
,Recommended,238010,15531704,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,uvitek,"First time I played as the stealthiest hippie.Second time I tried the Arnold from Commando approach.Third time I was assassin, killing the guard's friends one by one until his turn came at the end."
,Recommended,238010,14579933,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Croissant,"What can be said about this game that has not already been said?Beautifully made, a powerful and very thought provoking message, and one of the most customizable stealth games I have ever experienced.Directors cut betters on the already great game by adding better boss fights among other things, but never once was I un-immersed or didn't care. Every enemy I shot I cringed because everyone had so much character I felt it was a shame to take that life. A SHAME. These are video game characters were talking about here! Pixels and polygons on a screen! Any game that can make me feel pity, remorse, and regret for killing someone is a great game, especially when those people are the ""bad guys"" (see these air quotes I'm making with my computer?) and don't serve any purpose to story! This doesn't even begin to state how good of a game this is, but I will continue lest this become a gushing session!That being said I do have a few gripes about the game. (Few and far between)From what I heard, directors cut runs on an earlier engine, which makes sense. I experienced well over 10 or 15 crashes while playing the game, most often in city areas. If you get this game SAVE OFTEN! As for how it runs its fine for me (I have a pretty low end PC so low end PC's shouldn't have too much trouble) and I can't speak for higher end PC's.The best part about this game, despite the crashes bugs etc., is the story.So though provoking, every second you are forced to think about the outcome and how things might turn out. Your own morals, what do you believe in? What kind of future do you want? What will doing this achieve? Every second you doubt and trust the people who appear to be allies and the people you think are the enemy. Every line delivered during the story has so much more meaning then what the flesh shows. It's just a story and a game not worth missing. For full price, maybe, maybe not. On a sale? 3 copies please!But say you’re not in it for the story, you’re just looking for a stealth / cover shooter fix. Well, this game offers the solution! The game mechanics are spot on and really do the game justice. The stealth mechanics are deep and engaging, and the combat mechanics are great as well, enemies are smart and flank you, and you can do much without flaking the enemy. Hacking provides a great little mini game that opens up many of the maps hidden secrets. Did I say this game is loaded with Easter eggs and secrets? Well, it is!Despite me trying to avoid gushing, I gushed. I apologize.So I’ll just end with this, I can't remember the exact line, but here is one of my favorites.""Judge, jury and executioner, eh Jenson?”"
,Recommended,238010,16437218,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,sean,"yeah, rip."
,Recommended,238010,16700022,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,ShayNick,Fighting Illuminati - IGN 10/10
76561198147598935,Recommended,238010,20994581,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,pizza_fiend41,"This game is my favorite so far in the franchise.  One thing that makes this game so great is that you can choose how to take out enemies.  If you want to complete a mission using only stealth, go right ahead.  If you want to run in guns blazing, you can do that too.  If you want to mix it up, feel free.  Basically, you aren't restricted to a certain type of combat.  I remember a particular mission that was obviously built for stealth, but i ran it guns blazing and murdered everyone in seconds.  I have also stealthed a section that was obviously supposed to be a high-combat area.  No matter what the game throws at you, you get to choose your style of play, and that makes this game awesome."
,Recommended,238010,10730926,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,The Enquirer,"Some of the best level design I have ever seen in a game. With the exception of the boss fights you can go through the entire game without ever being seen by an enemy or laying a finger on them.The only downside is that it is a somewhat poor port and will occassionally have framerate issues, however a there is a simple quickfix to that."
76561197984378438,Recommended,238010,14405769,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Spess Carp,"It's a great game. Massive, you won't be able to finish it in a day. Lots of detail was put into all its maps, though the ""there is always an airshaft to solve your problems"" thing is kinda hilarious. When I got it it did not work, but with the recent patch it does."
76561197960525299,Recommended,238010,13778557,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,juno973,"Didn't ask for this.. no really I didn't I got this game as a gift, but It's good, thats all I gotta say"
,Recommended,238010,14174573,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,BlackoutGX,One of my favorite games I've ever played
,Recommended,238010,14149599,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Mr Sneak Man,"This game is truly fantastic. Many have conflicting views on it's quality, but I believe truly that, having played the original game, its faults can be treated as homages to DX1, for instance, the poor sight range of npc AI. The overall art style is fantastic, and one I am still reeling at years after it's creation. I solidly believe that this game is a must-play for any who are a fan of RPGs or Sci-Fi action games."
,Recommended,238010,16905339,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Hunk Survivor,"One of the best games I ever played, Great story,  great gameplay, great soundtrack, maybe lack a little in graphycs but the replay value and wonderful story lore compensates it 9.5/10Cannot wait for the new DEUS EX: MANKIND DIVIDED."
76561198065075968,Recommended,238010,19627491,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Roee,"The boss battles are godawful and the ending is anti-climactic, but virtually every other aspect Deus Ex: Human Revolution is spectacular. The overall look of the game, the sound design (music, voice acting), the gameplay, the story, the characters, and the attention to detail. Hands down one of the best RPGs I've ever played and also one of the best stealth games I've ever played."
,Recommended,238010,7474510,"Posted: 25 October, 2013",all,3L1,It's just pure awesomeness multiplied by epicness!
,Recommended,238010,18135225,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,ADD ME FOR GWENT,"I played this game right after completing Dark Souls 2, and all I wanted was to play a FPS title. When I first started the game, I felt that the controls and interface was rather clunky. While the controls can be remapped in the menu, you would have to slowly get used to the interface, such as how to hack, how to upgrade your gear when you level up, and cleaning your inventory.The story mainly revolves around the ethics of augmentations, that being when technology advances and when people have the ability to modify their own body (even their mind) such that they function better. This extends beyond mere prostheses for the disabled such as protagonist Adam Jensen, but also willing modifications on perfectly fine bodies. While the benefits are apparant, those who oppose come forward with arguments such as the misuse in crimes or the alteration of oneself away from the image of God.What really attracts me is how the game is open to multiple gameplay approaches. As mentioned, I started the game wanting an FPS, so I went in guns-blazing killing everything I see. Halfway through, I started to incorporate stealth after upgrading specific augmentations and in the end, the game offered me an ending that defined my time as Adam Jensen. There are a total of 12 unique endings and in the one I got, Adam says and I quote:Technologies are invented to make our lives easier -- not our choices. The problem comes when we forget that.9/10"
,Recommended,238010,17138199,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Lonnie Smith,"Ive never played a game with this much replay value, I'm playing this game for the third time and it still feels like I missed so much the last two times i played it."
,Recommended,238010,18129448,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Cootri,"Ничего не ожидал, а смогли взять планку оригинала, сохранив все самые сильные стороны"
,Recommended,238010,14811039,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,FaZe Rolf,"Beautiful soundtrack, stunning visuals and intriguing story. I recently bought this game in a sale and this game has quickly become one of my all time best singleplayer games. I r8 8/8, this game is a must buy!"
,Recommended,238010,17261713,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,big body matt,"This game is one of the best games I have played. I really like cyberpunk stuff and this game really hit it off with how good it represents the genre as a whole IE mega corporations, conspiracy theories, and all the futuristic technology that we all know and love. Now I only have 1 playthrough and that is because I really dont want to play it a second time because this game made me think diffrently about a lot of fundementals and I dont want to ruin that. Anyways onto the gameplayThe gameplay is a tps-fps stealth hybrid. Its a hybrid in a sense that you can go into every level or map guns blazing or you can sneak in take-out a few guards silently and complete the objectives wihout tripping the alarm. Each playstyle has its +s and -s but it really only suits to the player's choice.The story in the game is by far one of the best played because it all makes sense but leaves you guessing like a really good mystery movie mixed with blade runner. It can keep you on the edge of the seat while making you feel for the main characters and how ♥♥♥♥ed up the world is.all in all I really really really enjoy this game and I would recomend it to anyone looking for a fun experience!"
76561198019986339,Recommended,238010,17328970,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Anthony Romeo,"With it's fascinating story and enjoyable gameplay mechanics, Deus Ex: Human Revolution is a great gaming experience for both people who like stealth games and those who love a good shoot out."
76561198078214260,Recommended,238010,17955014,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Zantor,Deus Ex Human Revolution - Director's Cut has everything you could ask for by a good game.the story with his up and downs suck you more and more in I have realy enjoy this Game with his very interesting story from the first min till to the last min . 11/10the level design is very good and give you ever two ways ( fight or stealth ) 10/10the graphic in game change from map to map and make you belive that you realy in a other town or building. it is not how it is in other Games where anything look the same. 10/10the sound effects could not be better 9/10the music give you all the time a sad feeling and play with your feelings. 10/10the Voice actors drive you nuts you know not ever if you do the right choice 11/10only one thing have i miss in that Game same naked melonas swinging around the dance pole :).one of the best stealth Games that you not just one time play. I recommend to buy Deus Ex Human Revolution Director's Cut becouse if you look for a Game with a very good story and who anything almost perfect is then is that your Game.
,Recommended,238010,17153662,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Passthegrenadeplease,"This game rocks on so many levels, its the epitome when it comes to interesting storytelling and stealth mechanics. The music is brilliant and the characters as well as the dialogue is nothing short of amazing, the future setting is a welcome change and cyberpunk theme done right. Sprinkle some dialogue choices, different ways to tackle objectives, customize your character so you can manage the game more efficiently and you have a entertaining role playing game experience.I can't wait for the sequel, I totally asked for this."
,Recommended,238010,16131430,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,vb,Air Conditioning Repairman Simulator 2027
76561198128087757,Recommended,238010,14936905,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,DLibs,"I truly enjoyed every minute of this game. From the moment the music starts from the tirle screen to the last cutscene. I've completed multiple playthroughs with a different style of play (stealth, guns blazing, and eveerything inbetween) and enjoyed each one. The atmosphere this game has is incredible. Honestly speaking, if you're into action-rpg and/or sci-fi or even philosophy, you'd most likely enjoy what this game has to offer. If you're unsure, wait for a sale. There is one going on now as I write this review. I find the $20 asking price is fair so if you have a chance to pick it up on sale, I highly recommend you do so."
76561198263849926,Recommended,238010,29882811,Posted: 12 February,all,Iris,"I like how I put nearly 40 hours into this game and only have 64% of the achievements. I love exploration, decisions matter, supports multiple playstyles- type games, and this is a solid one. I had no problem at all running it on my computer.The only thing I really didn't like is that in an RPG, I should care about the characters. They should have personalities and stories and their lives and deaths should matter to me. I didn't get that here. I didn't care what happened to any of them- not Megan, Sarif, Malik, Pritchard, or even Jensen. So, after a while, all I wanted to do was kill everyone and get the game over with.Also, the integration of the DLC was very jarring to me.So, while it's not an experience I will cherish forever after its end like some other games, the combat and the plot are just engaging enough that the ride is worth it."
,Recommended,238010,10424522,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,MAN OF THE YEAR,"Walk in a hotel full of hookers and a guy starts shooting me; I ran towards him at full speed attempting to use my fighting moves, I ended up killing one of the hookers. Game of the year."
,Recommended,238010,28215169,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Attac,"mfw goes through entire game non lethal on xbox 360, mfw doesnt get achievement feelsbadman.jpeg*buys pc version in hopes of achieving what was once only a dream*kills everyone"
,Recommended,238010,25300015,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,2049,Absolutely brilliant RPG.  Worth your money and your time.
,Recommended,238010,7488440,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,jjuswell,"I was asked for this! Absolutely fantastic. This is a phenomenal game. Playing the original is not required at all to understand the story, but I do suggest playing it simply because its a great game. I think that any gamer should try this game at least one time!"
,Recommended,238010,15017379,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Danial Newell,"Awe, yeah boi! 8/8"
76561198198153979,Recommended,238010,18102269,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,intrinsic8,"Best game ever!!!!!!!***spoiler for bosses: find nearby security terminals to hack and make all turrets target enemies, then lure the bosses to the turrets, and easy win."
,Recommended,238010,29240002,Posted: 13 January,all,Sphenopalatine ganglioneuralgia,The cozy illuminati are trying to develop a more effective Band-Aid by making it Bluetooth-enabled!
,Recommended,238010,11520612,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Gottie,"Hands down a must buy!! The storyline, gameplay, open ended approach to handle a situation...all of it is remarkable! The game's AI can be a little stupid at times and make you go, ""lol, really dude?"" and the ending is little anti-climatic. But overall just a fun game to play highly recommend!"
,Recommended,238010,32693582,Posted: 23 June,all,@Cult-Of-Cthulhu.net,"This game was so fun that I played it about four or five times, would recommend."
,Recommended,238010,32697976,Posted: 23 June,all,Noxy,"One of the best games I have played so far, finished twice. Still better than Mankind Divided"
76561198066767870,Recommended,238010,32689649,Posted: 23 June,all,jonathan morrell,This game is amazing!Highly recommend to anyone looking for a challenging game with a well thought out storyline.
,Recommended,238010,8337941,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Zombie Cow,BEST !
,Recommended,238010,28648532,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,kalashnikid47,"SUCH A MAGNIFICENT GAMEThis game was a truely magnificent game. It's not a linear game like others as it doesn't force you play one style throughout the whole game, you can go in full stealth or guns blazing or even a mix of both if you like (It's a bit like the Splinter Cell Blacklist system: Panther, Assault, Ghost) you choose which ever play style you like, you choose who lives and who dies. This game does test your ethics and there is no right or wrong answer as whatever you choose there will be positives and negatives to it. The storyline is great and can be a bit confusing sometimes but you will remeber all the choices you made and realise what is happening. The ending is just...phenomenal. You have certain choices and which ever you choose it is justified spectacularly and like I mentioned before there is no right or wrong answer, the game tests your ethics and you choose whatever you believe is right (or not right but it should be done for humanity). This is one of those games which you may play again, this time choosing a a higher difficulty and maybe playing with a different play style and  making different choices to get a better or worse outcome.A solid 9/10 game, truely remarkable. I also suggest you buy this game in a sale."
,Recommended,238010,21757163,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Wan,"Metal Gear Solid is a fantastic franchise with a good confusing plot. It has wide variety of characters that you can easily relate to, like Ocelot, who is obviously relatable because he keeps on spinning his guns and hypnotizing people with his guns. Also, the cutscenes were really long and really dragged out, but was pretty interesting with the amount of bull♥♥♥♥♥♥that it shows us. The dialogue is also amazing because how poorly written it is,  but was still enteraining because of how many problems it had.metal gear solid 10/10also deus ex 9/10their wasn't enough ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t plot points like in metal gear."
76561198119697257,Recommended,238010,19921692,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Humusáčik,Worth every penny :-P
,Recommended,238010,8967982,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,country thomas,Awesome soundtrack
76561198401050847,Recommended,238010,33445485,Posted: 10 July,all,CyBioPunk,"Liked everything about this game. The plot is magnificent, and the graphics are great. Although it has all the attractive elements, the controls, especially the item (re-)placement is somewhat a bother. Overall, I'd give this game 10/10."
,Recommended,238010,9717969,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Koala,"Haven't played a game this great in a while. Although some of the missions can be very difficult even at the medium difficulty, I still find the missions fun, and IMO this game gets the best of both worlds from the shooter genre and the RPG genre. The soundtrack is pretty good, too, and the story is even better.That being said, I do feel like this game lacks in the shooter part just a bit. One of the first things I noticed in the gunfights was how unnatural ADS felt. I also think the switching from first person to third person when taking cover could be a lot more smooth. Still, these complaints are very minor.9.5/10"
76561198141629006,Recommended,238010,14855325,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Shinji Ikari,"I like the Deus Ex: Human Revolution for its story, but its graphics are outdated and the difficulty can be a bit frustrating in a similar vein to the Watch Dogs stealth experience."
,Recommended,238010,20621440,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Bourgeoisie,"Kelebihan :- RPG shooting genre- Inventory management- Senjata bisa diupgrade- Storyline tidak linearKekurangan :- Kamera angle yg buruk disaat cut scene dialogueYang jelas, bakal nunggu sekuelnya. 8/10"
,Recommended,238010,9976784,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,MattBoothDev,"This game is fantastic, as are the originals.However, they removed the gold hue/tint to the game because a minority of ""fans"" moaned about it. I liked it. They should've left it in and allowed it to be switched on and off. Other than that little niggle, it's great."
,Recommended,238010,8307723,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Wagner,its awesome 11/10 AOTY
76561198029218651,Recommended,238010,10890686,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Madmanmarc,"Gripping story, Great Gameplay, usual good delivery for a Deux Ex Title.Been playing since the 1st with JC Denton! As with that one I'll score it 9/10Nice locations, insteresting characters, and the usual array of different ways for completing tasks, massively replayable?Enjoyable RPG would recommend!"
,Recommended,238010,10658144,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,CustomTomato,"Even when compared to the original game (a masterpiece) this game is absolutely incredible. Great stealth gameplay, engaging story, and great settings/environments."
,Recommended,238010,14976317,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,toiletcleanerpro,i like to kill people with robo arms in this game 10/10
76561198095465670,Recommended,238010,13089190,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Zach Lord of Cinder,They finally fixed the boss fights (sort of).Spoiler Alert: Extrapolate. Always extrapolate.
,Recommended,238010,13097930,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,YaBoiLightWeaponsGuy,"I hope this is one of the Top 50 games of all time. Seemless gameplay, epic story and soundtrack, perfect blend of sleath and action, level design is top notch and the artwork is beautiful. 10/10 100/100 A++ 420/69 Dank meme approved. Buy this game."
,Recommended,238010,13095861,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,morphenous,Buy it. Trust me. It's better than those cookies your mother makes. I know. I did just go there. You can re-read that. Or you couldn't and instead buy this.
,Recommended,238010,13099366,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Aamon,"It's so amazing when I was finished with it the first time I immediately replayed it. This is an amazing game, like actually.9999/1"
,Recommended,238010,13018040,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,.jude,FPS meets RPG
,Recommended,238010,8637080,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,[GND] Jester,"One of the most interesting games in recent years. Deus Ex: HR thrusts you into an immersive, highly detailed and interactive, deeply conflicted, and plausible future world that asks many questions about where technology will lead us, but doesn't give clear cut answers.Unlike most other shooters, in this franchise choices matter and you'll often find yourself in really intense scenarios, for which the outcome is ultimately decided by the player.  Although these choices are more direct, like a cinematic RPG and unlike the original Deus Ex.This game thankfully avoids many game design pitfalls, and really shines because of it.  The plot is believable the whole way and doesn't push your suspension of disbelief too much, which is rare for games... and movies and TV shows too.  The character development is noteworthy, the story is quite easy to relate to I find.The stealth gameplay is a bit more rewarding and enjoyable than combat (the complete opposite of the original Deus Ex), but the player can choose either one or both whenever they feel like it.  It has much bigger, more content heavy hubs than the original, and overall far more detailed level design.  It has a bit less ""choice and consequence"" than the original though, and a simpler plot and very different tone."
76561198010800766,Recommended,238010,17760039,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Trixt,91%
76561198165663230,Recommended,238010,19893925,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,KHAAAAAAAAAAAAN,almost as good as the first one
,Recommended,238010,13513667,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Nooseman,great game. 11/10.
,Recommended,238010,25559652,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,NyxCrab,"Deus Ex: Human Revolution is one of the best games I've ever played, which probably isn't saying much because of what games I usually play, but it's still excellent. The gameplay is simple yet fun, the story keeps you interested the whole way through, and the music is amazing. The game also lets you play however you want for the most part. If you want to be a Ghost no one ever sees or Rambo, you can. The only real problem I have is that the bosses are pretty bad for Ghost builds. Director's Cut fixes that for the most part, but you'll still have to upgrade some lethal weapons or get the Typhoon early. Overall though, the game is solid, and I would recommend picking it up."
,Recommended,238010,33458463,Posted: 11 July,all,Cantankerous,"This is a great game. A proper Deus Ex, with proper level design and sensible game mechanics, and quite phenomenal key dialogue mechanics. Music is on a very high level, graphics are holding up nicely, runs great. It’s still got this wonderful Deus Ex versatility: want a shooter? Have at it. Prefer a good stealth game? You can have that too. Doesn’t have as much depth in terms of side-storylines a characters as a proper RPG, but the general outline of the plot is satisfying - and in the tone you would expect from the franchise.As for cons. Console DNA is sadly visible here and there as in the menus and especially the in-game mini-games HR can be frustratingly unresponsive. The Missing Link also isn’t the fruit of any of world’s greatest minds. But in general – thoroughly enjoyed pretty much every playthrough."
,Recommended,238010,20585755,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Jack,"Played the original version back in 2011 and loved it! One of the best games I played of last generation and a worthy follow up to the masterpiece that is Deus Ex!A really engaging story which had me interested from the get go, some really well designed environments that let you choose which approach you take to complete objectives. Personally I was more of a stealth until someone sees me then kill everyone in sight, but if you want to stealth the whole game you can. They have also fixed the messed up boss fights in this version, no longer will you be stuck with no ammo and forced to fight a boss. Also this version comes included with “The Missing Link” a 2-3 hour side mission which was originally released as DLC, it is not part of the main game and I really enjoyed it as I had not had the chance to play it!Graphics still hold up pretty well, and I must admit I like Jensen's voice actor a lot despite him coming across sometimes as very monotone.If you have never played Deus Ex and want to see what it's all about then pick up this little gem! And remember when you're backed into a corner with ♥♥♥♥ all ammo just remember that you never asked for this!"
76561198051612001,Recommended,238010,15975601,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Hyun,"Awesome game, very smooth shooting and stealth gameplay with great atmosphere and good rpg elements."
,Recommended,238010,14463460,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,<™[-=> Cookiez <=-]™>,"Great game. Things I Like > > Things I Don't Like. I tend to be reminded of a game called Splinter Cell. If you could combine Spinter Cell, Deus Ex : Human Revolution, Dishonored, WarFrame, Hitman etc... You could make a very difficult stealth game that requires you to utilize all your superhuman powers to complete the stage. Crawling or duck-walking everywhere is very funny.It's an amazing story and game.$8.98 SGDPROS1. Multi-choiceThere are many ways to play this game. Stealth, Combat, Exploration. Stealth and Combat are self-explainatory but Exploration is something different. E.g. You can get a Hive Membership that allows you to enter a night club (The Hive) as a member instead of sneaking around or shooting everyone up.2. Non-Playable CharactersSemi-interesting. The NPCs respond to you and give you useful information, most of them don't function as ""lamp posts"". While asking them repeatedly still gets a botted response, it is more interesting compared to other games. It is still far off from an interesting character.3. Wall Hack Vision (F3)Very cool. Very useful.4. HackingFun to hack everything. From doors, safes, security locks and computers. The mini-game isn't so fun though. It's basically ""Find-the-shortest-route-to-the-green-balls"". You can't hack cameras or turrets directly, only through their control station. You need an upgrade to turn them on their enemies though.5. Tranquilizer GunBeing able to use a non-lethal form of taking out an opponent is most fun. It's difficult to shoot through bars but doable.6. Box bots / Guard RobotsIt's a big giant mecha-walker. Very cool. I thought they would incorporate more of these things. I'm not sure if you can hack into them, yet.7. CASIEDating Sim Simulator. Funny and useful. Going to unlock it soon.8. Boss BattlesIt's not a slug-fest unless you want it to be. There are so many ways to kill the bosses.CONS1. Piraxis PointsYour skill points in the game. Given very rarely and you have to allocate them properly. While the abilities are enjoyable, perhaps I felt that the rate of skill point gain was a bit slow?2. Take-downsSo flashy and so loud. It's a wonder why no one can hear a take-down. Most of all, the target gets to have a look at your face.3. RollingIf you hug the wall and try to stealth roll to the next wall, you will see a ""kung fu"" barrel roll that makes absolutely no sense.4. KO'ed BodiesThey are there like forever. A tranquilizer dart keeps them on the ground permanently. You can leave and return and the bodies will still be there. Also, the rag doll dragging looks funny and weird, like a bug suddenly occurred.5. Guard RoutesStandard repeats. I don't know how to explain it, but knowing that a guard moves back and forth in a straight line, kind of makes it boring. It doesn't make the guard feel alive.6. TriggersSome guard routes are only triggered when you enter within range of some guards. This makes alternative routes less viable because they don't move.7. BoxesYour inventory keeps ammunition in a 2 space box. 1 additional bullet requires a 2 space box? Inventory Tetris is not a fun mini-game.8. Bugsa. The female boss after Eliza Chan got bugged after I used both the Typhon and PEPS to kill her. She became permanently invisible and unable to move. I just shot her to death.b. Batter rechargers only 1 level of energy cellc. Dual takedown does not work on sitting opponents.9. Cut-scenesOnce is enough, no need to keep giving cut-scenes for every take-down,kill, Icarus landing or Typhoon firing.10. KeysGrenades and Holster weapon are next to each other on the keyboard (G & H). Imagine if you want to holster and you throw a grenade instead.Cloak and Typhoon are next to each. Imagine if you want to cloak and a Typhoon explosion happened instead.SUGGESTION1. Floor Cleaners Robots / Roombas?I noticed that the game had a lot of Floor Cleaner Robots that don't move around. Make them something that are moving around in the game. Then you hack them and use their cameras to spy on rooms.2. Vending MachinesI have to eat energy bars to replace my electric batteries that powers my robotic arm. While I suspect that it is most illogical, perhaps the vending machines could dispense energy drinks/food?3. Energy / HealthPerhaps, charging through a power point might be better than a energy bar? The power to move a prosthetic limb that can bash through walls comes from an energy bar? Painkillers gets you more health? Perhaps energy shields?4. Hack CommunicationsHack their radio signal and you can jam them, isolate one group, give them false orders, reduce alert status or anything else you can think of. Group link them, so they check on those missing.5. DisguisesSpeaks for itself. Add illusions too?"
,Recommended,238010,15015091,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Angsty Meier Link,"Being a HUGE fan of the original game and its amazing storyline, I found this game's story line just a tad underneath the original, but thats nothing to scoff at. Its great, and the ending's are good like the first one. The one thing that dissapointed me the most about this game was the augs. Not that they're bad... just a let down from the first. Far less to chose from and no sense of... customization. You got slots for single augs, no choice other than the order you upgrade. And the energy system for your augs is... frankly kinda silly to me. Not nearly as much exploration as the first, and the boss battles were a bit of a let down... the only weak point of the first game IMO.All that said, very fun game. Good stealth I thought, I love playing stealth. Good cover system and controls for that. Good AI for the goons, except the cops in Hong Kong (I think), you can just run past them and they ♥♥♥♥♥ but then ignore you. Story a bit more linear than the first but still pretty good exploration... multiple options for objectives - but less exploration for hidden goodies. Good weapons, but I was limited this first playthrough as I went for the pacifist achievement. All in all I will definitely go for 100% achievement for this game in the future.Oh and edit: I forgot, the hacking minigame. while at first was strange and annoying, becomes far less tedius as you progress, making getting all the story much easier. Invest in those hacking augs early if you want all the email backstories."
76561198040811698,Recommended,238010,8814443,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Darkclaw3050,"A first person action RPG with an excellent story and tons of customization and dialogue choices, not to mention several paths to completion for your objectives whether you like the stealth or guns blazing approach."
,Not Recommended,238010,16987852,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,♛Empires,"♥♥♥♥ing worst game ever, don't buy this garbage. ♥♥♥♥ing suck's, ''easy'' is ♥♥♥♥ing the hardest ♥♥♥♥ing difficulty in history of games. No ammo what so ever. And quest's dont help you one bit, ♥♥♥♥ing worst ever."
76561198007539033,Recommended,238010,22583312,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,The Nac Mac Feegle,"Buckle up because this is my favourite game of all time.Barring World of Warcraft, Vanilla, which must take the top title on account of the ungodly number ofdaysI spent playing the thing, I have never enjoyed a gaming experience as totally as I did with this game.You must know that this was an important game for me because it accessed my interests in a way that few games in the past five or six years had managed to. Prior to DE:HR I am quite sure I had not completed a narrative-driven game for half a decade. Many great titles had come and gone but none of them had gotten through to me, distracted as I was by University studies, to such an extent that I was motivated to put in the time to complete them.Deus Ex: HR held no such difficulties.Maybe it was the formula, the open ended nature of the levels, perhaps the story. Maybe it was the challenge, certainly a huge part had to do with the stylish presentation - everything from the menu and HUD design to the soundtrack and of course the graphics oozed classy cyberpunk immersion.Really though, it was simply everything. I have never played through this game on any difficult level less than the maximum setting, and I have never played it as a run-and-gun shooter. I urge you to follow suit, because the stealth controls for this title are fantastic. Beyond simple stealth movement, consider the natural extension of that - exploration. The idea of multiple routes to an objective has been adopted in this game to such an extent - in almost all cases - that linearity has departed completely.Even the famous bugaboos of the original build of the game didn't bother me. The boss fights that forced you to engage in combat didn't phase me one iota: here I was, someone who had basically completed entire zones without killing a soul, reloading save after save, refining my game plan and whittling down the boss with horrendously unskilled weapon talents. Quicksaving every time I ran across open ground, got a few rounds into the hulking fellow and found cover again without goingsplat!. I may be a bit oldfashioned in the way I cosider this kind of difficulty appealing - indeed, I often say that I very much preferred Vanilla WoW to later iterations preciselybecauseit took whole weeks of your life to net anything worthwhile - and those of you reading this review will be pleased to know that the Director's Cut edition no longer contains these bottleneck boss fights - they now all feature multiple routes towards completion, as with the rest of the content.(the boss fights had been outsourced to a separate company who had failed to grasp what DE was all about)The attention to detail, atmosphere, challenge, great variation in gameplay and excellent replayability all go in to making Deus Ex: HR my favourite FPS, favourite RPG, and pretty much my favourite game period, of all time.The downsides are few and far between. Somewhat like the GTA and Elder Scrolls games one finds oneself wishing the non-questgiving NPCs walking around town could contribute even vaguely to the atmosphere the rest of the game has so carefully constructed, and an act set in a futuristic Chinese city has a vaguely disappointing resolution (at least part of that dissapointment comes simply from the fact that the zone ends and you must stop exploring it) The graphics have aged slightly - the character models for one are really previous-gen by now. One would expect bump mapping, skin pores - the kinda things you marveled at on the face of Prophet in Crysis - but instead the faces are dissapointingly smooth, as if cut from clay. That said, and this is applicable to all of the qualms one might have about this game, there is another side: The facial graphics might be a bit tedious by now, but on the same coin the combat, movement, environmental and explosion graphics among many others are all fantastic.Play this game, if you have any respect at all for your human right to enjoy the art of computer gaming then play this game on max difficulty and try to avoid the run-and-gun approach if it is at all possible. That is all."
76561198095191417,Recommended,238010,9282775,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,SU-37 YELLOW,Very well done
,Recommended,238010,8142673,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Asetoni,I never asked for this review.
,Recommended,238010,10246975,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,__,If you dont have the other versions get this. If you do have the other versions add you REALLY want the new game plus then ok get it but there are only marginal improvements compared to the other versions.
,Recommended,238010,14535226,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,star wars weed strain,10/10.
,Recommended,238010,7558753,"Posted: 3 November, 2013",all,ik3da,"Phew - finally done with the replay of DX. While it is fun to knock out people again, it is just the same game with a sharper / clearer image plus the Missing Link DLC added into it  - IMO I didn't really see much differences. Never have issues with the boss fights previously so I don't really see much even if it is changed a bit in this Director's Cut.Pros:*Above average storyline (provided you haven't played it before)*Good gameplay with either fun stealth features or average shooting/weapons to rush through it all*Good music (at least good enough for me to go download some of them =D)Cons:*Chat options doesn't affect the main storyline much (there are multiple endings but it is not really related to chat options)*Not much replay value (one run to do it all and I am removing this after 100%)*So-so AI (turning up the difficulty doesn't do much to me except increasing damage by guards and longer detection cooldown time)*A little bit repetitive on the hacking/sneaking if you are trying to max out on the experienceSummary:While I might stated a few cons, it is still a good game that deserves your time if you haven't played/gotten it yet - especially after how cheap it is now. However if I can choose again, I probably won't be bothered to buy the Director's Cut, the plain vanilla + Missing Link DLC is more than sufficient. If you have not gotten any of the vanilla etc before, wait till Director's Cut get discounted and get it straight."
76561198058250272,Recommended,238010,17056889,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Tim Carella,"Absolutely incredible. No other way to say it.This is one of those games when you finish, you are left speachless. A real Thought provoker. I'd recomend this to anyone!Everything in this game was great! The shooting was fair however. But my god this game is great"
76561198091791516,Recommended,238010,18004713,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,[CXM] chocolateXmunch,"This by far one of the best games I have ever played by far. You get some many choices that affect so many differnt things, You get many differnt choices on how you want to play a level. And the story is just amazing. This whole game looks great and is just amazing. So stop reading this anbd buy it. This game will open your eyes greatly.Graphics 10/10story 10/10Gameplay 10/10over all 30/30."
,Recommended,238010,10993746,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,dOOmShrOOm,"I absolutely loved this game. I've played through it several times especially after the director's cut improved on replay value. The story was really good, the characters are all very interesting, and the gameplay is especially fun. You really feel like a cyborg and it delivers well in that aspect. The guns are all pretty cool and the environments are interesting and create a lot of challenging decisions."
,Recommended,238010,11185365,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Dr. Kaganétias,"Deus Ex Human Revolution is an amazing game. The depth of the storyline is excellent. Stealth, hacking, dialogue and sounds are top notch. This game will definitely be regarded as a classic. Two thumbs up!"
,Recommended,238010,19110510,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,King Of Arse,32 hours to finish whole storyGreat game great story lineThanks to this game i learn to choose my words wisely in communication
,Recommended,238010,10694554,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Orgasm 4 Jesus,"I bought this game just because it looked kinda cool.  Honestly, this game has its flaws, I won't deny it, the boss battles are♥♥♥♥♥♥ the story has some parts that don't make much sense, and the ending was lackluster.  However, I haven't had this much fun playing a single-player since ♥♥♥♥ing Half Life 2.  The Metascore is not ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t for once, it actually deserves its 91/100.The stealth gameplay is superb, the cover-based shooting is really fun, the AI is relatively smart, and the augmentations really add different ways to play the game, which adds a lot of replayability.  For example, if you want to play it very stealthily, you can spend your praxis points on invisibility, computer hacking, and silent footsteps.  Or, if you want to go in guns blazing, you can buy dermal armor, aim stabilizer, and the Typhoon Explosive System.To sum up, I absolutely did not expect this game to be this fun to play.  Don't get me wrong, it has its flaws, however, the gameplay and augmentations are so amazing, that they completely negate the flaws.  I spent my entire Thanksgiving vacation with my♥♥♥♥♥glued to my office chair playing this game.  This is my #1 favorite game of all time because I love stealth games, and there are none better in my opinion.Edit:  I played the original Deus Ex after playing this, and I think that this is a worthy sequal.  They original has a longer and deeper story, but the gampley is old.  Also, the two hub worlds of Detroit and Hengsha are filled with fun side missions which aren't necessary for the main story, but can add to it or sometimes privide further explanations of parts of the story.  Because I value gameplay above story, I like this game slightly more than the original."
,Recommended,238010,8511354,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Respawner,"One of the best game I have ever played. The Director's Cut does not bring a lot of things compared to the initial release but I still enjoy the story, the art, the characters, etc... This is a must have."
76561198025132727,Recommended,238010,8920006,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Korriban,"TL;DR at the endWell well, what can i say?I LOVE THIS GAME.It's probably one of the few games that I bought without knowing much about it and ended up being a real gem. I bought the original game on sale for 2€ more or less and played until the end, very good game, but I didn't enjoyed completely since I went for the pacifist achievement (not a single person should die by you hand) so i couldn't see the real awesomeness of Deus Ex HR, I also failed the achievement... so sad :( After a while the director's cut pops up, with HD textures, new weapons, reworked boss battles (that was much needed), a DLC, but I like to call it an expansion, since it's not the usual DLCrap and a developers commentary. The best thing about this new edition is that it really shows how much effort was put in by the devs, every aspect of the game shows enthusiasm and dedication to the creation and improvement of the game. Let's talk about specific stuff (I like this part)***Graphics*** 9/10 The graphics was already good from the beginning, but now, whith the improved textures, is even better. The pattern on Adam's coat is one of the first thing you will notice, that floral embroidery is simply amazing. Attention to the details is something that won't go unnoticed when you play the game, from the beginning to the end. When you are talking with someone you can see their facial expression changing, depending on the way you approach them, try not to make people angry or the might not share valuable information. The only thing i can say against this topic it that the graphic seems a bit beneath the level of other games that came out that year (2011), but it's nothing to be worried about, it's a 10 in my opinion, but I can't help myself comparing it to Arkham City (that one was a 10/10 that year).***Sound*** 10/10 Yep, ten, the music is perfect, no other words. It's impressive, the atmosphere of the environment and the music go arm in arm. For what concerns the sound effects, I have nothing to say except that everything feels right, especially when using your augmentation powers to punch through a concrete wall and break the neck of the poor guy on the other side. Wanna talk about voice acting? Absolutely fantastic, all of them, dubbers really made it big.***Story*** 10/10 This game is a movie, there is so much in the story that will keep you glued to your PC, so many secrets to uncover that you know people are keeping from you, but the game just won't give you ... yet. You need to reach the very end to know the truth and when the moment arrives the only thing you can say is ""OH...MY...GOD! How could I've been so blind this whole time?!""***Gameplay*** 11/10 Am I crazy ? Yes, ELEVEN. Depending on which skill you purchase you can complete missions in different ways, which sometimes drastically change the game itself. Each mission has a lot of different approaches, let's say you need to go from point A to point B, ok? You can go Rambo style, if you're a fan of slaughter, or you can buy the stealth upgrades to become invisible and silent, if you like to sneak past guards and catch them with their pants down, or you could look for a security terminal to hack and be granted the access to point B, or you could even enter a vent shaft and sneak inside metal tunnels all the way through, sometimes you can even take shortcuts by punching walls creating nice holes ... and a bit of a mess, but who cares. So yes there are at least 4 or 5 different approaches for every mission and this is the best thing about this game, freedom.***BONUS(ES) of the Director's cut edition***+ Replayable, with the option to keep the progress from the previous game+ HD textures+ If you already own the basic game you get a discount on the director's cut, even more discount if you own the dlc+ A DLC with an amazing story and some surprise for the fans of the original Deus EX+ New weapons+ 280, more or less, commentary from the develeopers that explains everything about the making of Deus Ex HR+++ Reworked boss battles. This need a little explanation, in the original game these battles were really bad, and with really bad I mean they were total crap. You sneaked past every guard with your ninja skills, but then you reached a boss that you could only take down with brute force. Finally, the devs realized the error and created new ways to kill these enemies, of course you can still nuke the **** out of them, but hacking the computer that controls sentry turrets or that release a powerful toxic gas... well, that is really praiseworthy. This shows how much a company that make games cares about players, for this improvement I say BRAVO! to the devs.TL;DR Game's kicks major asses, if you don't play it you're missing a milestone of the videogame industry."
76561198079420226,Recommended,238010,21879553,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,KV_Illuminaut,"This is one of the best games I have ever played. It combines the best stealth mechanics of the metal gear solid games, the cover based shooting of any modern 3rd person shooter, and one of the best narratives since Bioshock. The mechanics are similar to the system shock series, with spending points to upgrade your augmentations and the same inventory system. The shooting and stealth provide enough of a challenge to make you not feel like a tank, and the behind-the-scenes stuff and extra missions are exemplary. Every decision you make influences the world around you, whether it be through rewards, subtly different endings, or dialogue. It makes you feel like you are a part of the world, and I would give this game a 9 out of 10 stars."
,Recommended,238010,23514436,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Doodledunge,They shoehorned zombies into the game.I like how the main antagonist is Mr. Ratburn.
,Recommended,238010,11594647,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,PixelDaddy,"The Directors Cuts made a great game just a little bit better, solving my biggest problems with the normal version. Awesome experience! Close to a perfection. 9/10"
,Recommended,238010,23738310,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Mad Scientist,"Greatest game ever made! Stellar atmosphere, great locations and an amazing soundtrack to round it all off. Combat might have been a bit better, but I can't complain after all the fun I've had with this game over the past 5 years :D 10/10"
76561197961285283,Recommended,238010,7764748,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Mungrul,"Still a great game.Lots of choice in how to approach situations, an interesting story and a very good non-lethal option.Graphically, it's distinctive, but texturing, both on characters and the environment, is spotty. While relatively high detail in most cases, it just feels a little amateurish sometimes. Character models also look a little odd, especially for characters that don't play a central part in the story.The orange/gold colour scheme can end up wearing you down too.I've never actually played the game focussing on weapons and combat, choosing the non-lethal route, so I can't comment on how gunplay feels, but stealth options are very satisfying.It is however a very long game, so doesn't lend itself to immediate replays. And this length is punishing if you're chasing achievements, particularly if you're going for one of the ones that relies on a perfect playthrough, such as Pacifist or Foxiest of the Hounds. There's no way of knowing you've failed these achievements until you've completed the game, and the systems can occasionally break beyond your control, potentially costing you the achievement.Still, the journey's a great one and the game deserves to be played"
,Recommended,238010,17979742,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,jmcone,"I didn't ask for this...Deus Ex: Human Revolutionis what you'd call a modern classic. It's one of the greatest games of our time, and will most likely stand the test of time. I've bought and played through it twice to completion, once on PS3 and now on PC, and the Director's Cut includes the fun and story-adding Missing Link DLC. This game is a worthy addition to any gamer's library, and now I think it's time to explain why.GameplaySurveying the warehouse floor, you see five guards patrolling. You could snatch the shotgun that lies, unattended, in the office, or you could hack the security system that will turn the turret systems against the guards. You could cloak and move silently past them. You could choke or stab each one, dragging them away from sight and picking them off one by one. You could unlock the doors, sneak through the vent, throw a concussion grenade, drop a box on their head... the possibilities are essentially endless. You want to try an approach in this game, go ahead. Sure, the pure combat approach may not be the most fun shooter you've ever played, but the stealth system in this game is great, and the free-form missions enable you to play multiple saves and never have the same experience twice.You can augment your character with a large variety of different augmentations, which all have practical use in many instances throughout the game. There isn't really one that you will regret buying, though, still, spend wisely! The only thing that lets this section down are still the iffy boss fights. There still isn't a true stealth option, at least not to my knowledge.StoryYou play Adam Jensen, security chief of one of America's largest biotech industries. One day, before going to present a new technology to the world, your offices are attacked, and you left for dead. Resurrected by the very biotechnology you protected, Adam now investigates the biggest conspiracy of the 2020s in an effort to bring justice to the people who murdered his friends and coworkers. It's a very good story and excellent mystery. Well worth playing just for the story.Graphics, Atmosphere, and SoundThe graphics are, perhaps, slightly dated, but still look crisp enough that you'll enjoy it.The atmosphere of the game is spot on. Deus Ex paints a future that is worrying, but you'll still think that Adam Jensen looks damned awesome in those augmented shades. The gritty, cyberpunk world is well worth exploring every nook and cranny for.The sound of the game is also spot on. The rattle of the combat rifle, the hiss as you reload the magazine, the subtle footsteps, the idle chatter of the enemies, and who can forget the incredible theme song, Icarus. Another great element to a great game.ConclusionAn rollicking mystery with intriguing plot twists and interesting characters who you can't trust 100%, this game is most definitely worth playing twice, even more than twice... This game isn't perfect, but after all, it was only made by humans..."
,Recommended,238010,13384786,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,DJ Funky Fresh,"In a game of the future where one can augment themselves in a manner of ways, they don't have any augments that are actually useful in everyday life. All it is deals with is strength and manipulation. I mean really... I am sure they have others they don't sure or barely mention it in passing but come on. They could've made more options.10/10 still amazing"
76561198153269677,Recommended,238010,33042793,Posted: 30 June,all,Viljami32,"A pretty fun cyberpunk rpg, a worthy successor to original deus ex. If you are fan of the series, then its a must buy."
,Recommended,238010,33754754,Posted: 23 July,all,Tux,You don't need to hide if you kill everyone 10/10
,Recommended,238010,21276793,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,hunter69,"Become a robot, wreck people The Game"
,Recommended,238010,8470956,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Resplendent,"If you've played the non-Director's Cut version, this is better. If you haven't played DE:HR, get this version. It's wonderful to have a non-Valve game with developer commentary while playing it. While I found the Missing Link DLC (included as part of this version) to be tedious back-and-forth over the same fairly boring maze of maps, although it has a decent story, the rest of the game is either as good or better than the original. The definitive version of an amazing game. I rarely if ever replay an entire game, but I don't regret at all replaying this one."
76561198108479195,Recommended,238010,33705676,Posted: 21 July,all,Slick Digby,"Inspector Gadget and the curse of the gravelly voice sees you either sneaking or killing your way through 3 streets and several industrial complexesin a quest to hunt down the people that killed your pointy shouldered girlfriend (who isn't really your girlfirend) which ultimately leads to your dog being killed, making this the best preemptive adaptation of the 2014 classic, John Wick.Dale's Ex - Humoured resolution is well worth the investment of your time and money if you're looking to find a game which will accurately simulate how long you'd last in a police stand-off armed only with a vending machines and a couple of protein bars."
,Recommended,238010,10963982,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,LEMMMOOONNNSSS,"This is a wonderful game if you like games that test your descions, beliefs, and moral choices. It is imensly complex in the information that you recieve if you take the time to explore the reaches of this game. Little details can affect much bigger situations later in the game and chosing to help pseople can affect how others judge the actions you take. I give this game a 10 out of 10 because of the complexity and how the game makes you ponder questions about beliefs and your own personal morals."
76561198054054389,Recommended,238010,23188842,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,darklordsatantrue666,Incredible game. Every sane person should take a walkthrough each year.
76561198043952474,Recommended,238010,15527848,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,The Red King,"If you are a fan of Tech Noir, Cyberpunk, or anything along those lines... then, yeah, you should play this."
,Recommended,238010,18662200,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Jerion,"It's good. Stylish. Satisfying. Terrific world-building. Fanastically atmospheric soundtrack. Some lingering technical issues in the Director's Cut that just shouldn't be there, but are for whatever reason. 9/10 at it's best moments, and there are quite a few of those."
,Recommended,238010,15523417,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,SwagMonsterFlex,"Before playing this Game, I had never been interested or even a follower of the Deus Ex series. This game changed that. Deus Ex Human Revolution is by far one of my favorite games of all time. The pure aspect of the game being a game almost without a genre is appealing to me. The reason I say a game without a genre, is because the game is open, and literally can be played anyway you want. The progression is stellar, both gameplay and storyline wise. The other thing I like about this game is just how open it is. For example, I had to get into a bar to talk to one of the contacts helping me with a mission, there unfortunately was a bouncer outside who wouldn't let me in. I looked for other entrances, and found one but I had to move a dumpster, and my strength wasn't high enough to move it to let me in, hence I pick up another side mission promising me more piraxis points to level up so then I can revisit the club and continue with my story mission. This is the reason why this game is great, there are literally so many different ways and possibilities of completing your mission it warrant multiple play throughs. On top of all of this, the storyline is fantastic, personally I love the voice acting of Adam Jensen (Elias Toufexious) and his grizzled demenour, and the stroyline is just so thick and rich filled with twists and turns and questions, its a very well put together game. Gameplay, Storyline, and Pacing are some of the things that make this great. I can't wait to see what they'll do in the sequel. The only cons I would list, are that the game isn't the prettiest, I understand this was made a couple years ago, but for example Adam Jensen's hair in game just looks atrocious. Only improvement I would request in the sequel."
,Recommended,238010,10425162,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Task Force 131,cool game. nice game play and video this game have better story part then other game .some game have good story but they don't take you deep inside in this game they story take you in deep indie and you feel you are the main character of the game the other part which make it more fun it is the part you Choose Your Own Path and what to say and your choose effect your game and people around you ..... it is soo fuun to play .story 8/10graphic 7/10sound 8/10single player time  + 30 hoursmultiplayer time  ???worth to buy this game with  19.99 price    YES
76561198104054916,Recommended,238010,17876597,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Duck - Uan,"Absolutely stunner game that has elements of stealth, shooting, rpg and really intuitive gameplay. The story is amazing with mystery around every corner as you try to solve why your Sarif Industries is being targeted by an unknown group. On the way the game makes it feel like an RPG in the way that you can upgrade your character, your characters weapons pretty much everything. And during the whole game besides the in game guidance the game makes you feel very independant and makes you constantly question yourself ""am I doing the right thing"" ""should I sneak attack or go in guns blazing on everyone"". It also has alot of things to do on the wa,y such as looting bodies or hacking random computer just to get that little credit bonus or ammo that makes the game go for so, so much more longer.This combined with its amazing graphics and gameplay make for quite the game. In retrospect its just a futuristic assassins creed. And for $20 you cant go wrong ps. I got the bundle for $7 >:)"
,Recommended,238010,15104409,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,BOT Kirby,"Got this game on sale for $4 and WOW. I wish I had bought this game sooner and it is worth a lot more than $4. If you are looking for a great single player game with a good plot, this is definitely one of the best.This game has the perfect balance of choice and complexity IMO and by that I mean it doesn't have too much of either. When I played Mass Effect I felt like I was so bombarded with side quests that I lots track of what was really going on. This game doesn't do that. There are some side quests but really not all that many. I might have ran into about 8 of them.The game offers you choices in how to do things, like level up your hacking a break in to buildings by hacking through security doors or leveling up Stealth and sneaking in, or even just searching around for a while and finding an air duct or sewer entrance. It offers enough choice to make you feel like your playing it your own way without making anything seem complicated.The gameplay itself is great. The shooting mechanics are well done. Sneaking up on enemies is satesfying. Upgrades are nice but wont make or break your combat ability (for weapons or the character). Except for one thing. I reccommend you upgrade your armor all the way first. You die pretty fast once the game get goin without armor upgrades. Second I'd upgrade stealth or hacking but armor is crucial. Some of the upgrade are pointless like the ability to disable turrets or robots. Turrests are super easy to get around and if you have stealth, its even easier. Any robot dies with a single EMP gernade or mine. Given the nature of the game I expected to have to fight some kinda of boss robot at some point but they as long as you have EMPs they are a peice of cake.This is one of those games that you will be sad to finish because it means its over and there is nothing left to play. Even though I got a good 25+ hours out of it, I was sad when I finished it."
,Recommended,238010,15193042,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,TeFeCi | SkuLL,"Strong story, great gameplay. Highly recommended. Ending left me speechless."
76561197992280358,Recommended,238010,9985087,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Squall,A truly remarkable game which raises questions about morality and what it is to be human. If you enjoy a great storyline with lots of action then this game is definitely for you.
,Recommended,238010,28567806,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,ｂｏｒｅｂｏｒｎ,"A better version of ""Invisible War"", but this time with actual stealth. Although stealth in this game can be very much broken, so the game might be leaning in the shooter genre very much so. Same flaws as in the previous game. Reusage of assets, animations e.t.c.. Even if you call level a ""HUB"" doesn't mean it's fine to play it again. Repetitiveness - basically you do the same thing the whole game, altering paths and choices help, but barely. There is still a lot of talking, but now you have an incentive to actually talk to the people, even though most of them are just to fill the space. There are a lot of weapons, but some of them are really bad for some reason. Crossbow and double-barrel are examples of that. Overall the game is playable, in the beginning it can be actually fun, but the real problem of this release is the DLC - ""The Missing Link"". It's placed in the middle of the game and boy is it awful. I considered dropping the game just not to have to play this DLC. They take all your weapons and skills you collected and loved through the game; that you are used to by now. Basically, you start all over. Not only that, DLC is not polished at all, its barely finished. And it crashes too. Main game haven't crashed once, but this mission kept crashing all throughout. And for that, i suggest if you want to play this, go with original release. For you would be able not to play this trash called ""The Missing Link"",because you will be missing not playing it"
,Recommended,238010,25492474,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,sfg73™,"I've promised myself muitiple times that the next playthrough was the last, but no, I had to play it several more times that I've lost count. In fact, I might even play it again several more times, even if I'll follow the same mindset/route(s). Hell, I might even discover a new route or two, or even a cache of items. With this in mind, each playthrough may or may not be similar depending on how you go on about it. In fact, certain paths might even trigger some dialogue, give you a better vantage point, lead to a shortcut, or even all three.So the Director's Cut adds the DLCs released for the game and some changes for the boss fights as well. The Missing Link story is implimented into the game instead of seperate from it entirly. This adds at least 3~5-ish hours to a somewhat long game. Though I haven't played the original version of the game, I can't really tell you the differences in glitches or visuals, so I'm leaving that out.Gameplay falls under the stealth and action genres, so You can go in guns blazing, stealth kill eveyone(or just a few), or go full pacifist, but you still have to kill the bosses to progress the story though. I find it easier to just kill off everyone as stealthily as possible before I get caught, or just use the cloak augment and book it for next area.Overall, the game is great. I look forward to my future playthroughs even though the experience might get stale but I don't mind. I'll give this game a 9/10, but why a 9? because it can feel a bit slow at times (obviously because its a stealth game of course). But don't let that deter you, that's just from my experience. If you are still on the fence with it, just think it through. Buy it when it's on sale if you're still not sure so it's not a waste of twenty bucks if you regret it."
,Recommended,238010,7847983,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Cuprohastes,"Deus Ex follows on from both a Genre defining classic, and a disappointing cash-in kludge.Fortunately, though Human Revolution began by following in the footsteps of ""Invisible War"" with bugs and design mis-steps, notably having two levels of the game and some of the usable items ripped out to be game-store exclusives, and the entire bridghing third act yanked out to be a DLC...Not to mention the Boss Fight Thing.Human Revolution has grown up into a a sucessor to the original game: The missing levels and game section, complete with it's story and tools has been re-integrated, the graphics tweaked, bugs removed, and crucially for feel of it, you're now allowed to do more than run into a room screaming and shooting the boss characters in the face.As in the previous games, you get the chance to evade these situations and use alternate methods.Also included are Making Of and Commentary options and a new system to allow you to play through from the start with all your hard won upgrades.Sadly the Intel Intelliscreen system that was to allow you to use your phone or tablet as a controller seem to be nowhere to be found apart from as a commet that there is such a thing."
,Recommended,238010,35190584,Posted: 24 September,all,HumanOnScreen,"This is one of the best games I've played in my life. Fantastic graphics, great story, awesome cutscenes, action packed, sweet weapons, and TONS of upgrades. This is going to be one of those games that will make me really sad when it's over. 10/10, a must play for every gamer."
,Recommended,238010,35195064,Posted: 24 September,all,☢MikuSenpai☢,"This Game is everything it promises. It has adventure, a great story and just teh right amount of action. I loved playing every second of it. This is by far the best game in the DeusEx series hands down."
76561198332727558,Recommended,238010,33040090,Posted: 30 June,all,DD_MF,"One of the best stealth games ever. I believe that Deus Ex, Thief, Hitman, Splinter Cell and Dishonored is a special group of games for PC. They give you a top quality experience in gaming that makes you want to play them again and try different approaches and Human Revolution definitely belongs in this group. Atmosphere is fantastic - syberpunk at its best - great characters, beautiful plot and one of the best soundtracks.PS: One small advice. Don't go trophy hunting from your first playthrough. Just enjoy the game. Trust me, if you'll like it you will play it again and you'll have many chances of earning the trophies."
,Recommended,238010,7462822,"Posted: 23 October, 2013",all,Linearskillz,It's the best version of one of the best games. Of course you want it.
,Recommended,238010,35248850,Posted: 27 September,all,Black Eyeliner \m/,"So I just played this game for the second time, and it's still very much WOW. So far, I spent almost 60 hours on playing through it, and there's still so much stuff I haven't seen.Let's start with the bad things though. First of all, some of the animations (especially during interactive dialogues) look very messy and not life-like at all. Also, the stark contrast between cinematically rendered cutscenes and those that are rendered in-game is very, very strong - I'd almost wish the cutscenes had a lower quality so they'd match the game.The developer's commentary is a very neat feature that suffers from two big weaknesses. One, you can't pause it. Two, the commentary nodes are invisible, meaning you basically have to comb through every square centimetre of the map to find them.That's all of the bad stuff, so here's all the cool things.It's long. As in, it took me 25-30 hours to play through the campaign the first time (medium difficulty), and I skipped most dialogues and cutscenes, so I imagine if played properly, it'll take 35+ hours at the very least. I guess if you're not one for story, you can still play it purely for the gameplay, but there's only so many new skills to be introduced until you get the routine of sneak-hack-snipe (or run-gun-blowshitup, if you want to) down, so without caring about the story, the game's not gonna make much sense.It's consequent. As in, choices have consequences. For example, if you save somebody's life it's gonna pay off later on AND VICE VERSA so if you ♥♥♥♥ up, and, say, cost somebody their job, they might get angry at you. Throughout the story, there's a bunch of decisions to be made that will have consequences later on.It's challenging. At first, you'll just face some gun-wielding lunatics, but later on, pistols pointed at your cyborg face are going to be the least of your worries. You'll have to hack and sneak, snipe & overpower, shoot, blow up and whatnot, and don't forget the fall damage. Some of the hacking stuff is insanely hard unless you're augmented from head to toe.You can explore lots of areas (and some not). You can either just follow the markers on the minimap, be a good boy and do what you're told, or you can run around and poke your metal nose into other people's business. Pretty much every map has areas that can be explored but aren't mandatory. Some levels still feel very linear though, despite ample opportunities to stray from the given path (you can also occasionally complete objectives in more than one way). Also, you might accidentally open an apartment you wouldn't enter otherwise until much later, but the apartments that would be game-breaking are locked and you can't really ♥♥♥♥ up any quests by stumbling upon them before due time - only accidentally make them much easier.You can do pretty much anything. Three or four locations disable your weapons, but apart from that, you can do whatever the ♥♥♥♥ you want. Be a good citizen and just follow your boss' orders? Boring, but be my guest! Shoot up the entire police department and start a little civil war in the streets of Detroit? Now we're talking business. You might be forced to wipe out the entire DPD to avoid being shot, but the point is, you can do it.Oh yeah, talking about bad things - it's probably not actually a bad thing but wow some of them guns take up lots of inventory space. So in other words, you can't pull a Gordon Freeman and carry half the world's armory in your back pocket. Choose wisely.Oh, and the world is a-♥♥♥♥ing-live. I'm pretty sure I missed some, but I did about a dozen-or-so sidequests during the story. Piece o' advice here: don't shoot your resident arms dealer, or where are you gonna buy weapons?Yeah, so if you wanna go stealthy and want a nice story, this one's for you. If you wanna go tank, you can still have fun (I played like a bulldozer at times and I had fun), but beware, the minigun takes a hell of a lot of inventory slots.No prior knowledge of the Deus Ex universe is required (I didn't know anything when I started this). There are hidden achievements and I'm dead set on finding them all, so have fun while I go off to play this for the third time. See ya!"
,Recommended,238010,19317985,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Gyru,You need this game.
,Recommended,238010,13948549,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Eater of Gods,10/10 tem shades baller as f**k
,Recommended,238010,7735178,"Posted: 24 November, 2013",all,Deto15,"Longer than expected, with deep story, great OST and a very consistent style that makes it memorable."
,Recommended,238010,31711891,Posted: 12 May,all,AeroSlimshady,"Rich cyberpunk atmosphere coupled with an interesting story and dynamic situations where you can choose or accidentally stumble on several different ways of solving every single main and side mission. Not as deep as the first Deus Ex, but the new streamlined and updated mechanics more than make up for it. Gameplay never loses steam and remains engaging all the way through.The Director's Cut, among other things, integrates the DLC mission into the story and gives much needed improvements to the outsourced boss fights."
,Recommended,238010,26939602,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Canned Bread,You can kill someone with a fridge 10/10 also has story and stuff thats cool i guess
,Recommended,238010,26708670,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,[K][T][M],Great storyHighly addictive11/10 recommended
,Recommended,238010,18130377,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Paploo10,"Deus Ex: Human Revolution.This recent entry in the Deus Ex franchise is a rare gem as not many games have amazing gameplay mixed with an epic story of espionage and conspiracy. Many recent games have mostly been repitition shooters COUGH COUGH Calll Of Duty, however this games stylistic cyberpunk story and gameplay prove that great story and gameplay is not lost in AAA games.Let's just hope that it's sequel, Mankind Divided (or as Jim Sterling would say, Content divided!) Won't have it's story and/or ruined"
,Recommended,238010,28415254,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,DFCSpeck,"I quit on this game about 1.5 hours in and didn't think I'd come back to it.  But I ended up giving it another shot and I'm happy that I did.  After getting more into the stealthy/non-lethal mindset, I started to enjoy the different options that the game provides to achieve objectives.  I didn't think I'd enjoy the story/atmosphere since futuristic games usually aren't my thing, but it was immersive.Took around 25 hours to complete on ""normal"" difficulty, sneaking around and hacking most things.  The graphics aren't bad; they still hold up in late 2016.  I only experienced one random desktop crash.  Well worth the purchase when this game goes on sale."
,Recommended,238010,35318386,Posted: 29 September,all,Salty MD,Couldn't find the apartment complexes and then i remembered this game is in Detroit. 9/10 found apartments behind hobos and run down gas station
76561198305264925,Recommended,238010,35334010,Posted: 30 September,all,Wolfgang Grimmer,One of the best single player experience you can possibly get
76561198130112962,Recommended,238010,35344820,Posted: 30 September,all,Poodlefaker,"Quality game, and cheap too. On sale this weekend, and is a must buy."
76561198106231866,Recommended,238010,30246751,Posted: 28 February,all,Richard,If you like this game buy it if not buy some gold instead. Make investments get rich and one day you might buy hollywood!!!! For those who think that games are not made in hollywood - You need to realize that machines are full of children!!!!
,Recommended,238010,30268233,Posted: 1 March,all,Dr. Pepe,"Very enjoyable game whether you enjoy a stealth approach or prefer to Rambo it up. Excellent aesthetic design, a merging of cyberpunk and European rennaisance. Follow Icarus as he ascends..."
,Recommended,238010,30287915,Posted: 2 March,all,Guner100,"Amazing game. Took me 28 hours to finish the campaign one time, so there's a lot of bang for your buck. Furthermore, there's a lot of replayability (different choices, new game +, etc). Finally, since it's an old game, it often goes on sale for uber cheap, anything under about $15, it's a total steal."
76561198027482169,Recommended,238010,25745746,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,recreational bugs,"Playing through it again with the director commentary is a nice treat. Can't really say I like this game better than the first Deus Ex, but it's a gem by modern standards. $5-20 is very generous price for this one."
76561198271449992,Recommended,238010,25732701,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,one pump chump,Amazing gameOnly flaw is poor bosses but there not too bad10/10
76561198326350277,Recommended,238010,25762655,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Venzadegraceis,Deus Ex is a awesome game that I've tried and at first was a bit yes and no but the game turned out better the more I played.
76561198275999243,Recommended,238010,35259782,Posted: 28 September,all,The Rum Chum,"This is hands down my favorite stealth game ever and one of my all-time personal favorites games. Eidos Montreal has done an incredible job making a game that meshes story and gameplay perfectly along with amazing gameplay mechanics that rewards your decisions. Down below I'll give you the many pros and minor cons in this game.PROS:- The Story is a tale of Adam Jensen an augmented human living in a world where is kind is hated. After the death of a loved one you will control Adam and go on an incredible adventure that I will not spoil but I will say is up there with the greats.- Gameplay mechanics are amazingly crafted and will work smoothly depending on how you play whether its guns blazing or stealth ninja like I do. Gun mechanics are smooth and feel well unlike other games.Customization- If there's a way you want to play then you can do it. With your augmented body you can upgrade with points there are limitless options you can invest in hacking and agility or high jumping and strength. What I'm trying to say is that you can't play this game just once as every play through will be different and will be entertaining.Pacing- never once in the game, did I get bored or want to finish the game paces the story well.Environments/world - In this semi-open world where you can explore nearly any room the areas you play are well made to fit any play style. Anything from the police station, Freight boat and a zone on China these locations are filled with hidden stories, vents, bonus rooms and floors that will add hours of content.Side missions- this was an unexpected surprise but none the less a welcome one. These side missions (around 1 and a half dozen) are fun to play and will amount later on in the main story. They serve a purpose and will allow you to meet interesting characters.Choices - In this game, you will be faced with many choices that do impact the story as a whole and matter towards a satisfying ending.CONS: (Minor doesn't take away from the experience)Boss battlesOccasional pop insOverall this is a must buy game for anyone and you will not regret playing this game till the end. 9.8/10"
76561198011198531,Recommended,238010,35345893,Posted: 30 September,all,Zero Class,"It may be sacrilege, but I prefer this game over the original, and I do not make that statement lightly. Open and satisfying gameplay, excellent story and themes, engaging design. It is marred by some performance hiccups and the boss fights are antithetical to the game's overall design, but the good absolutely outweighs the bad. Human Revolution deserves a place among Chaos Theory, Snake Eater, Hitman, and Mark of the Ninja as one of the best stealth games ever made."
76561198362041788,Recommended,238010,35366332,Posted: 30 September,all,DudeGuyXXL,Had a lot of fun playing it
,Recommended,238010,9599148,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,mILe,"A QUINTESSENTIAL GAMING EXPERIENCE! Human Revolution is, without question, A CYBERPUNK CLASSIC!"
,Recommended,238010,9985290,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Robotdell,"Besides being the longest title for an FPS-RPG since Ultima Underground 2: Labyrinth of Worlds (or potentially The Elder Scrolls II: Daggerfall), it manages to be a decent experience."
,Recommended,238010,28555304,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Mock,Played basketball for 2 hours straight on the console version. Thats the most Ive ever played basketball.10/10 would play basketball again.
,Recommended,238010,32519045,Posted: 17 June,all,thesovietmarxman,"Deus Ex was a game that defined the first person stealth rpg genre back in 1999 when it released. This game may not have the same legacy as its great ancestor, however has an incredible story that, although a bit convoluded, is great and developes the characters and world beautifully. The stealth system is well done, there is a large variety of weaponry and ways to approach a scenario. It is pretty easy to run and is a good port that performs well, and while the graphic fidelity is not amazing the environment is still convincing."
,Recommended,238010,17935812,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Samork,"My favorite game of all time, albeit Mass Effect style ending."
,Recommended,238010,17950762,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Dapper Fapper,"EDIT: I have beaten this game 2 times, one of which I didn't kill a single person or set off any alarms.Deus Ex: Human Revolution is one of the most amazing RPG games I've ever played. An interesting story, amazing gameplay with multiple paths to your objective, and some of the best voice acting I've ever heard make Deus Ex a ""revolutionary"" approach to FPS RPG games. The story is absolutely amazing, that always keeps you interested throughout it's main course. With so many twists and turns it's hard to tell who's good and who's bad. Not only that, the voice acting in this game is superb, with real emotion pouring through every line. Gameplay is so varied, you could play this game 4 times and get a different way to every level and different ending every damn time. The graphics are OK at best, but who the hell cares when you have this deep of a game. 9/10"
76561198077768287,Recommended,238010,8979516,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Zatōichi,Yes this game was WIld.
,Recommended,238010,33157512,Posted: 2 July,all,andrewaltogether,"PROS- Lots to do- Augmentations feel like augmentations rather than superpowers- Stealth works, but assaults are not an afterthoughtCONS- Once you notice that peoples' heads are too small for their bodies, you can't un-notice it- Boss fights are a contrived, needless relic of the early age of video games- The anime influence creates some pretty obnoxious and juvenile characters and poses"
,Recommended,238010,8357517,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,JOTARO KUJO,"I bought this duckmothering game a second time because I wanted more of the same Adam Jensen Punchy-killy-steralthy-sneaky-hacky-beep-bop-time. Seriously. Best game NA. Eu. Kr. EUW. Br101/10- ""Like Skyrim with Robits"""
,Recommended,238010,10702507,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,[PWLG] Scot G. Russian,"If you like Cyberpunk, FPS-RPG meshes, and a really fun gameplay experience, Deus Ex is the game for you.Even if you have Human Revolution and The Missing Link, it's worth owning the Director's Cut.  Absolutely makes the game even better.There are new features, such as New Game + and having an extra energy cell on normal mode.It also throws the Missing Link DLC story into the main game, leaving no gaps.  It's completely seemless, and a blast of fun.The only down-side, if you can even call it one, is the fact that with New Game + you will completely unlock every perk with Praxis. (I have 4 points and nothing to spend them on.)  Though this happens at later times depending on how dilligently you collect and explore."
,Recommended,238010,10181552,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Impulsive 3k addict.,"Worth it on sale. This game excells in a few areasGraphics - Not really amazing tech-wise, and I don't beleive there are modders getting wet over the thought of it, but the sets are really nice and the art style is really great, at least during most parts. From what i've seen it's great up until picus and then it goes downhill.Gameplay- The stealth mechanics in this game are really good. You can throw grenades to distract, fire silenced weapons to distract, and a whole bunch of other mechanics. The rpg mechanics are really underwhelming however. Only a handful of the perks are useful. Some have things tacked onto the map, such as a place that can only be reached with a certain perk, and you would be rewarded with something like a machine pistol or sometimes nothing. The action also becomes a lot less fun, after the FEMA camp when nearly all the mobs get helmets and the lighter weapons become almost entirely useless.OST- Soundtrack is really good, but it feels underused.Story- Absolutly great. Tons of story related objects everywhere. Should give wiki editors a hard on.So tl;dr, it's a really good stealth game with a nice story and art style, but it has low replay value outside of the story since the rpg and action elements kinda suck."
,Recommended,238010,12833165,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,TechRock,YES EPIC :D
76561198032798407,Recommended,238010,9798826,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Panjawat,Deus Ex human revolution อีกเกม rpg ดีๆเกมหนึ่งที่แนะนำด้วยเนื้อเรื่องของเกมที่ดีและฉากจบที่ประทับใจและรู้สึกคุ้มค่าที่เหนื่อยและเสียเวลาไปกว่า50 ชม กับเกมนี้ ตัวเกมยังสอนแง่มุมหลายๆอย่าง ตัวเอกที่ต้องยอมรับการปรับแต่งเป็น augmentations เพื่อกอบกู้มนุษย์ชาติและการหาความจริงต่างๆตัวเกมมีความอิสระในการเล่นมาก อยากบู้ก็ได้ แบบย่องเงียบก็ดี มีเส้นทางลับ ทางลัด การไปถึงเป้าหมายที่มีอยู่หลายเส้นทาง และหลายวิธี ตัวเกมมีภารกิจรองที่มีไม่มากจนเกินไปพอดีๆ augmentations ที่สามารถปรับแต่งได้หลายหลาก และเห็นผลทันตา เกมนี้ยังมีฉากสู้บอสแบบ 1 vs 1 อยู่ทำให้รู้สึกว่ามีความคลาสสิก ที่ต้องหาทางสู้จับจุดอ่อน(แต่รู้สึกว่ามีบอสน้อยไปนิด) ภาพของ Director's Cut นั้นได้ตัดกราฟฟิกโทนเหลืองๆของตัวเกมเดิมออกทำให้ดูดีขึ้นมานิด(โทนเหลืองๆก็อาตๆดี)เสียงภายในเกมก็ดีเลยทีเดียวเข้ากับ โลกอนาคตอย่างมาก สุดท้ายเกมนี้ก็ทำให้ผมได้อิ่มเลยกับเนื้อเรื่อง เกมเพลย์ รวมถึงฉากจบทั้ง 4 แบบที่แสนประทับใจ --Human Revolution--
,Recommended,238010,7645138,"Posted: 12 November, 2013",all,aoighost,"Probably one of my favorite FPS/RPGs of all time. Stealth, check, pacifist run, check, cyberpunk vibe, check, actions having consequences, check. Overall, a must play."
,Recommended,238010,7789123,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Voldax,"Easily one of the best games I have ever played. Simply exceptional. The blend of futuristic augmentations and a shooter made this game. The story was also a mind-blower. The visuals in this game were fantastic making it the ''Total Package''. This title was a great follow up for the original Deus Ex. The mysterious tale of Adam Jensen, augmentations, and the whole world in this game makes just... Happy. This game was original, unique, outstanding, and absolutely exciting. They should actually make a movie based on it. I hope we will see a part three. This will surely be a classic in due time. Long live the Deus Ex Series. Just... Fantastic.9.5/10 ~ Curious Cat."
,Recommended,238010,29747932,Posted: 6 February,all,Evil Dave,"A LATE REVIEW........but what the hell, this game deserve itA combination of stealth and action, Eidos surpise us again with an amazing gameGood story, a lot of secondary missions (some larger than others) and weapon customizationWhat are you waiting for? GET IT! You wont regret it9/10"
76561198029126609,Recommended,238010,18140100,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Padishah,I really liked this game and I liked it more than the original.A really interesting game with lots of options to achieve your goals.Its more of a stealth game and the combat is kinda weak but regardless its still a very good game.8/10
76561198030030425,Recommended,238010,25137744,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,ŽČČŽŽŽČČŠŽŽČČŽČ,Amazing game one of the best i ever played 10/10
76561198053713156,Recommended,238010,25816071,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Reddi,I asked for this. ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
76561198137969954,Recommended,238010,25030355,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,ShereKhan,"Superb. Great story, stunning visuals and music. Gameplay improved in latest patches so no more boss fight table flippin'.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,238010,12812805,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Black Soul,MONSTER GAME
76561198148094344,Recommended,238010,25642206,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,SilverSpades00,"You can be a stealth god. Or a death god. Go in gung-ho with guns blazing? Or would you rather KO a guard waiting?Choices, choices, choices..."
,Recommended,238010,29431002,Posted: 22 January,all,MuensterQ,unironically involves the illuminati
,Recommended,238010,29119701,Posted: 8 January,all,Nerf Herder,"This was my first Deus Ex game from the series, and it didn't disappoint. I bought it at 75-80% off, but I would gladly have paid full price.Human Revolution is a ridiculously fun title which offers tons of replayability due to the different combat approaches and paths available. Personally I usually opted for 'stealthy lethal' tactic in most situations, but it was definitely fun to switch things up a little here and there. I loved the hub worlds; they were so immersive and I always had fun talking to the random NPCs (who would then proceed to insult me in Mandarin but HAHA joke's on them because I understand Mandarin). I had a love-hate relationship with the limited inventory space mechanic, and always found myself hoarding grenades, painkillers, and energy bars I never used. The augmentations were so cool that I just had to attempt the game for a second time (in + mode) so I could get more upgrades and try them all out.If I had one complaint, it would be with the map system. Maybe it's just me being bad at reading maps, but the maps weren't very helpful in my attempt at navigating the hub worlds."
,Recommended,238010,30409749,Posted: 9 March,all,MogamBro,"Deus Ex Human Revolution's story around a futuristic cyberpunk environment incorporates deep subjects like transhumanism, impact of scientific breakthroughs & technological advancements on society, corporate espionage, conspiracies, secret human experimentation and shows us at what cost all this is achieved, how it divides society while creating moral dilemmas and choices for our player.+story, voice acting, environment, music, stealth-a few bugs9.5/10 Loved it"
76561198007386984,Recommended,238010,27939069,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Nemo,There's not many things I regret in my life. BUt not buying this game sooner is one of them.
76561198064217762,Recommended,238010,17016621,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Athena,"Awesome game! Beautiful graphics. Good plot. I care about Jensen's mission and was glued to this game all the way to the finish.  I like the stealth aspect of the game even though I'm not into taking the stealth route in games, but most of the time i did for this game.Although the boss fights were kinda weird and boring. Basically facing a person with augments who is annoying and can run around or hide. It's funny how Jensen is augmented but still has a limit on how fast he can run and how far he can run and so on. It was annoying how limited the inventory was because i wanted to keep all the weapons and stuff I found xDI enjoyed this game very much and plan on playing a new game + with the augments from my previous game and to check out the other 2 endings.9/10"
,Recommended,238010,17074238,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,⚔ ElƵorro ⚔,This game isabsolutely awesome!!It's a more than worthy follow-up of the classic Deus Ex and has no noticeable bugs!The story is of the hook and grafics are still very decent.I love every bit of this game and I look forwards to Deus Ex Mankind Divided.Just buy it!! You won't be dissappointed!
,Recommended,238010,17182308,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,3bdelilah,"~ They're like ghosts. Always in the shadows, always hiding behind lies and proxy soldiers. ~I never asked for this. Quite literally, because when I played Deus Ex: Human Revolution for the first time in 2012, I had no idea what to expect. I saw a few minutes of gameplay on YouTube and I ended up buying it because it looked like a ""fun futuristic shooter"", not knowing what kind of game it really is. It's a cyberpunk action role-playing game that takes place in 2027 Detroit, where the protagonist Adam Jensen escapes death and gets augmented as a last lifesaving resort. After returning to the job, he sets out for answers that will take him all across the world and unravels a global conspiracy. I'm not going to tread into spoiler territory, but it's a game with a heavy narrative that never lets go. The atmosphere, the freedom of choice en the ever-growing story arch; everything is in great balance.+ Excellent level design. You can see its brilliance after subsequent playthroughs, because you rarely get to see or use them in one go. It really adds to the replay value.+ A futuristic and very convincing world of two faces, corruption and deceit.+ Conspiracies, conspiracies, conspiracies.+ Absolutely great soundtrack and an even better cyberpunk atmosphere.+ Heavy focus on narrative, great story that keeps interesting until the very end. Good length as well (~40 hours with all side quests).+ A few nods here and there to the original, fun to see.+ Good AI. Not fantastic by any means, but it made stealth (and probably combat as well?) not too easy.+ The gameplay encourages you to adapt and experiment with new things. A lot of different options for both stealth and combat.+ Oh yes, have I mentioned conspiracies?.+ Pacifist/no-alarm runs are very addictive to do.- Mediocre facial animations and NPC voice acting is questionable.- Could do with just a little less holding hands, compared to the original Deus Ex.- Choices don't seem to have a lot of big consequences, as opposed to the original Deus Ex.- Boss fights could be better (but still, it's a lot better than they were in the vanilla version).- The Missing Link DLC being integrated to the main story messes up the pacing greatly in those respective parts.It sounds weird, but if you can somehow get your hands on the vanilla Deus Ex: Human Revolution (the Steam codes in the physical game box), I'd suggest getting that instead of the Director's Cut. Sure, the vanilla had pretty terrible boss fights, but you could easily cheese yourself through them (for example spamming your Stun Darts), but at least the pacing was great. With the Director's Cut on the other hand, it pretty much forces you to replay an entire segment that has very little to do with the overarching story. And I'd much rather have a few minutes of bad boss fights (which were easily cheesed) than the pacing getting messed up for several hours.Despite that, since the Director's Cut is the only one available now on Steam, I still recommend it. The vanilla game is a great and more than worthy entry to the Deus Ex series and it's my personal game of the last generation. It's even one of my all-time favourites in general. Here's hoping Mankind Divided can be even better!9.5/10"
76561197993366748,Recommended,238010,7894286,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,[:]Jakel,"A solid game and a worthy successor to the Deus Ex franchise. The only issue I find with the directors cut is that I honestly can't tell the difference between it and the original. The original Human Revolution suffered terribly in reviews, mainly because of the Godawful boss fights. The Directors cut merged a few peices of DLC into the one cohesive game, and apparently improved the boss fights, however I honestly couldn't tell the difference in the Barrett fight. A good game a definitely worth the purchase, however if you already own Human Revolution and The Missing Link DLC then it's probably worth just playing them again as you are basically playing the same thing."
,Recommended,238010,25117453,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,atilliar,Game runs very good. It's a lot of fun to play. Go ahead and get this game.
76561198057297719,Recommended,238010,7786185,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Unamused Link,GET THIS GAME NOW! I purchased the original and all the dlc and it was worth the extra 5 bucks to get them all combined into one seamless game.
,Recommended,238010,19760616,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Az Db,I found the waifu magazines to be very kosher
,Recommended,238010,10700365,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,✧ GordonRamsayIsAngry ✧,"Just get it to hear the swat guy go: ""I never asked for this""other then the people hating on it for not having DLC or something it's a pretty good game...overall 11/10 just for the iconic quotes."
,Recommended,238010,30158422,Posted: 24 February,all,Death Grips,"An absolute masterpiece, honestly one of the best games I've ever played, hands down, I can't possibly recommend this game anymore. The story is amazing, it always keeps you on your toes with twists and turns, and choices DO matter, not as much as they may matter in other games, but they still matter enough to be remotely satisfying. The stealth is brilliantly crafted, and very fun, and I don't even like stealth games. The combat is great as well. There are so many different weapons, and there is so much freedom with how you want to tackle your enemies, whether they live, or die. I'm sad the game is over, but I'm excited to pick it up again soon, with New Game+.9/10"
31116477979116567,Recommended,238010,13118531,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,The Spartan<TWM>,
,Recommended,238010,25129507,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Magenta,"From a personal standpoint, I played this game 4 times, all of my runs having different outcomes and different playstyles.Would recommend it to anyone who enjoyed the first Deus Ex (We don't talk about invisible war)I'de also recommend you go and tell eidos that mankind divided is a pile of trash and they should fix their broken peice of crap, Have a good day."
76561198013916891,Recommended,238010,23191038,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,benjimios,This game was utterly awesome.  So much fun and badassery with some cool ethical thought exercises.
,Recommended,238010,12113363,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,albert,dude sex hymen repulsion
76561198136509193,Recommended,238010,28953843,Posted: 2 January,all,"Korea, Republic of",Overview:Solid game! Definitely worth its low price: 9/10Main Story Length:<25hrsCompletionist Length:40hrs+Soundtrack:10/10Combat:6 /10 (go stealth)Notes:❖ The game is centred around stealth. Playing it like a modern fps won't work in your favour since the gunplay isn't the best.❖ The pacing is slow to begin with but gets better over time.❖ The controls can be clunky at times.
,Recommended,238010,20315607,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,TN Hoff,"TL;DR:This is an *excellent* game that I highly recommend - but the presence of a few bugs dents its otherwise gleaming presentation.  They are hardly dealbreakers and shouldn't stop you from giving this game a shot - but you should know about them before you dive in so you won't get surprised or disappointed.  Pick it up on sale and enjoy many hours of stylized clandestine cyberpunk fun.  I think you'll be glad you did.PSA WARNING:  Do not install the laser sight on the silenced sniper rifle!  You'll have a bad time.Details:While I DO highly recommend this game, I can only really recommend it on sale - as it has a few fairly annoying little bugs.  The game itself is worth full price - but given that the game has run its course in terms of sales and given those bugs never saw a final patch, you'll get more satisfaction picking this one up at a discount.  This Director's Cut version is made from an older, unpatched version of the game (apparently the orignal source code was lost - ouch) and while it improves some graphics like textures and tesselation, adds a couple (really cool) weapons, and improves the boss fights, it leaves out some pretty important fixes - and NO - they will never be patched.  These bugs are by no means dealbreakers for me, but they are enough that I still wish they would have just patched them.  Let's talk about the two that bug me the most:Stutter:  Any modern rig should be able to run this game smooth as butter all day, but many users including myself experience some pretty annoying lag / jitter /stutter.  Nvidia users seem to be able to fix this with a regedit tweak (multiple guides here on steam about that) - but most AMD users like myself seem out of luck here.  I've seen a few that have managed to solve the issue, but so far none of the fixes have solved the stuttering for me and my R9 280 3gb.  It isn't terrible - the game is totally playable - but a game this old just shouldn't have it.  (The game runs pretty consistently at 60 fps, but every couple seconds there are often micro-stutters / jitters in the flow of time that can be a little distracting.  It's minor, but noticable enough to irk me at times.)  The older (non directors cut) version patched this out - but for some reason, no patch ever came along for what is now the only version available on Steam.Sniper Rifle Aiming Bug:  Find that super awesome silenced sniper rifle?  Read the item description that says a laser sight dramatically improves accuracy?  NOPE!  Installing the laser sight will essentially break the weapon - and you can't take it off.  (Luckily, there are a few opportunities to pick up another if you mess up your first one like I did.)  It offsets the scoped aiming reticule - the bullet will hit somewhere below the crosshair.  I have found no fix for this.  There's a warning about this on the Wiki, but I don't think most players will think to check there first.There's also a small bug with the revolver in that the ironsights aren't aligned quite right - but in this case, a laser sight is actually very helpful: having the red dot negates the need for ironsights, and makes the weapon accurate from the hip.  Fully upgraded, it's a supremely fun weapon for causing chaos.  (EXPLODING BULLETS - AW YEA)  Shooty-boom-boom.Okay.  Ranting aside, this is a *fantastic* game that I have thoroughly enjoyed - and even with the one broken weapon and the fairly annoying stutter, I completely recommend playing through it - especially if you're the type of player that likes to investigate the details.  Taking the time to find / read everything really fleshes out the exeprience, and makes for a satisfyingly meaty game experience.  All the little emails, pda's, etc. really flesh-out the world they've created here, and it's fascinating.  The game was much longer, and with much more content than I expected from a 2010's first person game - and that was a refreshing surprise.  The gunplay is competent enough, and the weapons are super cool.  Most of those are upgradable in multiple ways - just like the original Deus Ex.  While dated nowadays, the graphics are good enough - certainly lightyears ahead of the orignal - and I really dig the art style.  The moody main character is a little angsty at times, but that's part of who he is.  Some games let you make your own character - but in this one, you step into the shoes of a person with a particular past who has been affected by it in a particular way - but you get to chose what happens from here.The game allows for a varied approach to almost any situation, and provides multiple paths to get there - allowing the player to take advantage of various skills or upgrades.  You can hack, sneak, cloak, move through the sewers or across the rooftops - or just waltz right in the front door with machine guns and rocket launchers blazing.  Bosses aside, you can even go through the whole game without killing a soul (and get a hefty xp bonus in the process).There are four possible endings - don't worry no spoilers here - and you essentially get to chose which one right at the end.  None of them are particularly awesome in their own right - pretty typical these days - but the game itself is so good, I ain't even mad.  (In my personal opinion, only one of the four sits well with me - but I guess that's the point of chosing!)  Now - I will say - this is one of those times where it's worth it to sit through the credits.  What would have been a slightly disappointing conclusion turns into one that sets up the next game (chronologically) and left me hyped for Deus Ex in general - and really tied the whole thing together - at least for me.Personally, I think replay value is excellent - I just beat the game, and I'm jumping right back into New Game + on hard mode - and so far, am loving it even more the second time through.  (It's amazing what a lack of magical crosshair in the middle of the screen does for immersion.)  The variety of weapons and approaches the game offers really keeps things interesting.  While the endings themselves are multiple-choice at the end, there are various times in the game where choice / performance / path taken has an effect on the future - story and gameplay - which makes me want to go through again and try things different ways.  Lots of fun to be had here.The people who made this game did so with a lot of passion, and it shows.  It's just a real shame that Eidos somehow lost the original source code leading to this slightly crippled final version of the game.  The Director's Cut does an otherwise great job of integrating the DLC content in a cohesive way, and I actually prefer the way it is integrated here vs having the orignal game plus the DLC.All in all, this has become one of my favorites - flaws and all."
76561198042407753,Recommended,238010,34322772,Posted: 18 August,all,Antar,"I never really played the original Deus Ex (shame on me), but I enjoyed this game very much."
,Recommended,238010,14101712,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,The magic Ale,"Yeah i played it for a while, but it was too easy then i hit the give me deus difficulity, then it was more like give me♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Now you can only stand 3 bullets before dying. 8 of 10 douches to give"
,Recommended,238010,24127403,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Palm-,A must play game for anyone who enjoys great stories. Thoroughly enjoyable.
,Recommended,238010,29093229,Posted: 7 January,all,an@seancool.com,"Absolutely fantastic game, with a great story, nice action, good dialogues and lots of content and missions for a playthrough."
,Recommended,238010,13004197,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Gimp XXL 2.0,"This game man... This ♥♥♥♥ing game right here.You know how The Last of Us got the 'Game of This Generation Award'? Well, this game should have gotten it instead in my very good (biased) opinion."
,Recommended,238010,29777331,Posted: 8 February,all,Serious Pikachu,"Man, I love this game.I found myself saying this a lot throughout the corporate espionage and invisible wars in Deus Ex HR. I’ve never actually played the first two Deus Exes (Exs? Ex’s?), so to say it’s the best in the series is not something I’m at liberty to say. But, since I’m a young’n, I’m not playing those games. Screw the classics.I’m kidding, of course.A Very Brief, Not Spoiler-y Synopsis.In Deus Ex: Human Revolution, you play as Adam Jenson, a 30-something ex-SWAT member who works as the chief of security at Sarif Industries. Sarif, being a biotechnology company, is one of the many companies under fire for the work that they do. On one metal hand, augmentation is pretty sweet. Amputees can walk again, the blind can see again, the deaf can hear again, all because of augmentation. On the other pure flesh hand, augmentation can be dangerous. Why? Because normal human beings have to complain about the physically and mentally impaired being on their level again, for some reason.If that sounds familiar, it’s because this game kind of does what X-Men does.Anyway, Sarif Industries gets attacked, Adam nearly dies and then gets RoboCopped. He comes back six months later and then kicks a bunch of♥♥♥♥♥ And the Illuminati get’s involved. The only reason I won’t get into the storyline is because A; This game is actually enjoyable, and y’all should experience it first hand and B; read the wiki, dude, I’m reading it as I type this half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥synopsis.Stealth, Augmentation, and Chocolate Bars.Deus Ex: Human Revolution is a FPS RPG, with stealth elements. Sounds simple, and for the most part, it is.The game’s biggest strength — and the reason I love it so much– is the augmentation tree. You start off the game with pennies; two pips of energy (which you need for most useful actions in this game), a small Resident Evil-esque cache case inventory, and a hacking level of one. By the end of my playthrough, I maxed out everything and felt like a god. This is something that I love about games like these. It’s so satisfying to have every option available to you after a lot of hard work. However, even without invisibility upgrades and SmartVision (x-ray vision, basically), the game has a lot of ways you can tackle it.If stealth isn’t your thing, there are upgrades to improve your takedown abilities. Attacking ain’t your thing? Hack your way around by levelling up your Capture and Hack Stealth augments. Wanna talk it out? The CASIE Conversation mod can actually help you convince significant characters to do what you want. Through the augmentation tree, the game gives you multiple ways to tackle most situations, which is something I appreciate. I’d argue that some augmentations, like extra battery power and a bigger inventory page is necessary for the game to be fun, but the game is totally beatable without it. Hell, with the exception of all the boss battles, you can go through the game without killing anyone.Have fun trying to get the Pacifist achievement. Enemies straight up die for no reason sometimes. It’s great. I love it. I don’t, actually.The year is 2027, and it's pretty rad. Mostly.The setting of the game is something I really like too. Detroit is the first city hub you visit, and even in the future it still looks like trash. It’s nice to know that the developers did their research. Hengsha, for all it’s worth, is the coolest area in the game. It’s a city hub with a floof. A floor roof. The city has two levels. That♥♥♥♥♥♥is cool as hell. Other minor areas, like Montreal and Singapore are in there too, and for the most part they’re pretty well made. They’re really only there in name, though, ’cause you only stay in one place for each. With the Missing Link DLC, you’re out in the middle of the ocean, so if that’s your thing, that’s nice too. Overall, DE:HR’s future is an interesting one. The game takes place in 2027, and it takes on a cyberpunk vibe. The fashion ranges from basic clothing that you’d see any day to some kind of Neo-Victorian future clothing. Everything’s got triangles on ’em too. DE:HR really likes triangles. Overall, the setting does enough to keep the player intrigued and doesn’t lose anything if the player doesn’t care for it. It’s just there to be there, IMHO.The music is pretty great too. I listen to the main theme of the game on a weekly basis because hearing synths and an orchestra together makes me super happy. The whole game has a pretty serious tone, though, so the soundtrack matches that. That’s not a complaint, so much as a general observation. I mean, the world gets lied to on a constant basis through out the game so the soundtrack is pretty fitting.I adore most of the cast, with the exception of David Sarif. He acts like a teen who might have done something wrong and doesn’t want to tell you about it. One could argue that that’s the whole point of his character; to redirect the player and make the player lose focus on the actual problem. But screw that, he got straight up annoying sometimes. That’s just me though.The story kind of makes sense, but with DE:HR being a prequel, it was bound to have SOMETHING wrong with the story line. It gets convoluted in some places, and depending on certain actions you take, characters will straight up act WAY out of character. For example, I was going to talk down a doctor from committing suicide. Instead, he just ended up shooting me. All in all, it’s a respectable storyline but it can get lost pretty fast if you don’t follow it closely.At the end it all, DE:HR is a pretty awesome game with some pretty awesome moments. It’s definitely one of my personal favourites and I’d HIGHLY recommend it if you want to get into the stealth genre. You’re missing out if you don’t play this game, seriously."
76561198363858664,Recommended,238010,29731650,Posted: 5 February,all,BOT COLIN,its ok
,Recommended,238010,29837353,Posted: 10 February,all,IAMCUTE98,"Quite a long story (20++ hrs single playthrough include doing sidequest), not recommended if you are not a big fan of deus ex because the gameplay is pretty long and contain many cutscene. But if you are a big fan of this, you will gonna love this, A LOT!!"
,Recommended,238010,28516190,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Danakin,Splendid game. One of those every gamer should play.
,Recommended,238010,28550489,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Level2Ninja,"Wait, you can save all the hostages, not kill the police officer at the front desk, save that one dumb and ugly woman and sneak into the police station  through the ventilation system without getting caught? I'm not even that far into the game yet!10/11(It's not quite a 10/10, but it's still awesome)"
,Recommended,238010,33495213,Posted: 12 July,all,Neko Trash,"I actuallydidask for this. And Steam Summer Sale answered. Now I punch through walls, turn invisible, release pheromones to manipulate people,ANDmy vision is fully augmented."
76561198043997600,Recommended,238010,35119075,Posted: 21 September,all,zaysaki,"Controls are a bit awkward, I personally don't think it needed to try to innovate on that part, but it's very good overall."
,Recommended,238010,27558604,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,•̪● naka ●̪•,"5/5 happy Kitties. Absolutly enjoyable. No bugs, good story, good replay value (diffrent tacticts etc)."
,Recommended,238010,9461131,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Coffeechipmunk,"I never asked for this.However, this game is amazing. Must get if you enjoy stealth."
76561197968967275,Recommended,238010,31400660,Posted: 27 April,all,Lemonzz,"The RPG element in this game is very creative. The game play is very awesome and you can chooe to be sneaky or not. I was not sure what i was getting into when i got this game, but the story is absolutely amazing! Theres some mystery that you might be able to predict but I honestly did not see it coming.Gameplay 9/10Graphics 7/10Story 9/10"
76561198108781098,Recommended,238010,28068179,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Krytyk,"One of the best things that happened in my life so far. It can aslo happen to your life, but be careful... because everybody lies."
,Recommended,238010,32057092,Posted: 29 May,all,HammeredToast,"You know, I think that through the most recent Deus Ex games, Human Revolution, Directors Cut, and Mankind Divided, I've put in well over 150 hours total. I think that's nuts for a single player experience. I just absolutely love the modern iterations of the franchise. I have no idea why. I used to be terrified of stealth games, but now I just love 'em. I also love ""take down the government"" games, so this is obviously a favourite series of mine.I give the entire franchise a billion stars outta' ten."
,Recommended,238010,27383986,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,fieryarbiter,real good gaem
76561198047850029,Recommended,238010,23124621,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,わたしは、あなたを愛しています,Обязателен для покупки! Рекомендую
76561198042784353,Recommended,238010,25596191,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Deckard,Better than Mankind Divided in every way. Highly recommended.
,Recommended,238010,28583259,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Sekki,I never asked for this.
,Recommended,238010,34846875,Posted: 9 September,all,✧･ﾟ: * HOT ANIME GIRL ^.^ ✧･ﾟ: *,10/10 for the game0/10 for Adam Jensen's fashion sense
,Recommended,238010,8184561,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Dribbles,Beat a man to death with a vending machine. 11/10
,Recommended,238010,7829412,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Poppacap,You can punch cyber future hookers in their cyber future ♥♥♥♥♥ faces and no one will care.I definitely asked for this.
76561197987781635,Recommended,238010,25593439,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,ganatan,"This game is Deckard and Motoko's love child.If you get this reference, buy it."
,Recommended,238010,7568051,"Posted: 4 November, 2013",all,⟁,"I haven't noticed a whole lot of improvement, but double-takedowns now take only 1 energy, the first boss' arena has had a major overhaul but looks the same on the surface, and I was willing to pay 5 dollars just for the fact that all of the DLC is combined and the expansion is now integrated into the story.I can't seem to find the instructions on how to install or use the Intel screen control app, though."
,Recommended,238010,9054769,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,JoJo,"Man, this game seems familiar.It's almost like that good game Deus Ex: Human Revolution that I played back in 2011.I wonder if they are made by the same people or someone just copied it?Oh well, pretty good game anyway."
,Recommended,238010,24044795,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,me,Best game I've ever played.
,Recommended,238010,29661211,Posted: 2 February,all,Lowlander2,"While leagues behind DX1 in terms of storytelling and ambiguity, the gameplay has never felt better than it does here, with some of the tightest stealth ever seen and a cover mechanic that doesn't completely suck. This is probably my most replayed game of the last five years, even with a pace that was clearly butchered by some behind the scenes politicking and company deadlines. Indeed, the Director's Cut commentary is mostly filled with musings about the limitations of their schedule and of the game's engine, which is a shame because I stand by this game warts and all.The Missing Link is inserted badly, though."
76561198070682512,Recommended,238010,13530078,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,ProvokingPerch,"Gives you multiple ways to approach being killed and then brought back to life with loads of cool robot♥♥♥♥♥♥who's dog was put down because their hispanic housekeeper thought it would make a better mousemat, that occasionally shoots up police stations to get acces to a morgue that points towards more questions. Questions that you swiftly dispose of with throwing people off of balconies, shooting people that make fun of your appearance and occasionally contemplating suicide.This is a classic example of going overboard with realism to the point where it restricts the amount of people you can take out with a single punch to 54214.If it wasn't an indie game I would have still reccomended it."
,Recommended,238010,18406954,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Iron,+replayability/choices/very different outcomes/many variant mission approaches+voice cast is superb+story unfolds if you don't expect it to but it can have a more meaningful impact if you read every little bit of info that you can find at terminals/pda's+legendary soundtrack
,Recommended,238010,15249687,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,ZenMasterStef,"Real fun game, you can play basketball!"
,Recommended,238010,12722105,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,B1TCore,Very well !
76561198044624153,Recommended,238010,26348376,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Vidokas,Adam Jensen never asked for this review
76561198053120166,Recommended,238010,18044993,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Seventh Monkey(Agt. Cooper),"Haven't played this all the way through yet.  Theme is a little too slickly metrosexual cyberpunk for me, and the main character looks too much like a severe alcoholic bipolar psychotic I know; but other than that, this game is pretty entertaining.   Sort of like Ghost in the Shell, except you don't get to be some naked japanese military cyborg chick who goes rogue once she attains self awareness, instead you're an American/Canadian? cyborg dude who I'm pretty sure is going to do the same thing.  On a side note, a 3d anime border rendered graphics game of ghost in the Shell would be sweet.  Especially if it had first and third person and you could be some naked japanese anime cyborg chick tanking out tanks and hackers in an open world environment.  One major criticism of this game--killing a guy versus knocking them out in stealth mode outta have the same volume level.  Killing a guy in stealth automatically alerts everyone around you within earshot, sometimes in separate rooms altogether.  Seriously, as far as stealth FPS games go, this one seems very well done, though even the graphics are a little too slickly metrosexual cyberpunk."
,Recommended,238010,9146140,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Red,"An amazing stealth game with an immersive game enviroment with one of the greatest sci-fi conspiracy stories ever written. It will grab you and suck you into the technologically advanced era with shady corporations, terrorist cells, and the illuminati all while slowly taking your enemies out how you want to as the augmented supersoldier you are becoming. 10/10"
,Recommended,238010,9649680,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Zanlo,"Buy this game. It is one of the best RPGs you will ever play. Multiple ways to progress through the levels, you can kill everyone or avoid the enemies altogether. Very good story, good combat, and a good exploration game. This game has many playstyles so it is good for many different people. There is a way this game makes you feel that no other game makes you."
,Recommended,238010,22703613,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Tharlan,+Make your own decisionsOptimalizationInteresting storyIt´s pretty funSecrets+/-Nothing-NothingGreat fun game with interesting story 9/10
76561198012995083,Recommended,238010,13236419,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Pusalieth,"By far one of the best games ever created, and definitely in my top five, if not my favorite. Riveting plot, I've played it fully probably 3-5 times, amazing gameplay, multisided tactical play, nonlethal gameplay. Set in a cyberpunk style dystopian future, with a perfect thread of realism. If you like the matrix, irobot, and other similar movies you'll love this. Every part of the game will tickle the brain, and every part of this game is immersive, and pulls you in. Truly awesome job to the devs.This is the Director's Cut so I only have a few mintues logged so far, but on the original version I had 74 hours."
,Recommended,238010,28029686,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Shinobu_Tsukasa,dat♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,238010,8175708,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Jonlaw98,"If you are a fan of games where decisions matter, Deus Ex: Human Revolution is a fantastic choice! I like the thought of having an augmented main character which leads to the RPG factor of the game. It favors stealth gameplay, however it can be played aggressively if chosen.Pros:- Absolutely amazing graphics- Decision making is important- Variety of abilities/skills- Detailed objectives- Can be played stealth or aggressive (whatever fits your playstyle)- Fantastic soundtrack- Interesting side missions- Boss fights aren't too challenging (assuming you play 100% stealth)- Some missions will keep you on the edge of your seat, a lot of intense actionCons:- If you are doing a 100% stealth run, sometimes you can accidentally kill an enemy by shooting them (tranq darts) in the leg? (always do a double check and save often)- *No spoilers* regardless of how you play, you can choose your ending. (there are multiple endings)Overall i'd rate this game a 9/10 - definitely worth checking out! For $20 you will definitely get your moneys worth in game time and theres always the opportunity to replay it (100%)____________________________________________________________________________I remember playing this game on console back in 2011 on release day and love that it came to PC.Deus Ex: Human Revolution - Director's Cut - it took awhile for the Directors Cut to release on Steam but it is well worth it.  (Personally I would prefer to play this with a controller than KB+M, but atleast we have either option!)If you are still on the edge of purchasing this game, this is my absolute favorite game of all. (feel free to check out my YouTube channel, I have been creating ""Let's Plays"", playthroughs/walkthroughs since 2011, but gaming for manyyyyyyyy years since I was a kid.  Feel free to subscribe :)http://www.youtube.com/Jonlaw98"
,Recommended,238010,27937603,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,shankypants,My first deus Ex game.10/10 would buy new game
,Recommended,238010,22090323,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,JuanNieve,For ultimate saving experience:Step 1: SaveStep 2: Play for 30 secondsStep 3: Step 1Step 4: Step 2(...)Step 1965316: Delete Save 01 to create a new saveStep 1965317: Step 1Step 1965318: Step 2(...)10/10 would save again
76561198091084820,Recommended,238010,22944936,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,fyfemm,"A great cyberpunk action/RPG. My favorite in the series (Sorry guys, but we've got to stop listening to the nostalgia at some point.). Plenty of different ways to tackle each mission; and while the story is fairly linear come the end, the game does a great job of keeping you from realizing it until later reflection. Director's cut does have some technical issues, and the graphics are aging pretty quickly; but all in all, one of my favorite Science Fiction games.9/10 - It was better before Director's Cut."
,Recommended,238010,8684930,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Shaquille UNIEL,I asked for this
,Recommended,238010,25098993,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Hey what?,Not a lot of changes. Missing Link intergration is very eh. Probably better for a first timer than a revisit.
76561198047399105,Recommended,238010,25028869,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,(っ◕‿◕)っ,hands down best rpg that i have ever seen/played. 10/10 btw choices you make actually matter here.
76561198263135759,Recommended,238010,25036179,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,SEANN_LADD321,BEST GAME I'VE EVER PLAYED!!!Really enjoyed the story and gameplay. The graphics is one of the best for a game of its time and is really adictive!10/10
,Recommended,238010,24580821,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Prince-Of_Darkness,One of the best stealth and action combined game i ever played. Nice pace and convertion between gameplays and a damn good story.
76561198151381902,Recommended,238010,24669665,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,-=X=-,Masterpiece.
76561198042317740,Recommended,238010,24681910,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,DavidMarle,"Great step forward from the previous Deux Ex game, good story, different endings and many different ways to complete an objective and some cool augmentations, not enough in my opinion but still good fun. I'm looking forward to the next game!"
,Recommended,238010,9162208,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Malkin,"As someone who has never played the original Deus Ex games I have taken a leap of faith playing this game. Well what drove me to purchase this was the steam summer sale, back before the Director's Cut existed and they do give you a good discount which allows existing owners of Human Revolution to upgrade to the Director's Cut. This is very nice.Human Revolution is set in a dystopian future - the year 2027, with Human augmentation & enhancement being the big topic. You play as Adam Jensen, the chief of security for one of America's top Bio-Corporations: Sarif Industries, which is on the break of a new discovery which can change the scales when it comes to availability of augmentation for everyone, without touching into the lore of the game to much; not all augmentations are available to everyone as the human body naturally rejects these cybernetic limbs as intruders and tries to attack, harming the host. Adam progressive through the story as he has to be drastically augmented after a tragic accident which leaves him in a near death state.Touching on the augmentations in this game, they act as a levelling system which allows you to upgrade Adam which in turn allows you to tackle different problems. For example you can equip Adam with the ability to fall from any height and remain unharmed; allowing you to take different routes that may avoid guards. One problem that I find with the skill tree is the fact that Adam does not have that much power to fuel these new features. If you are not too careful you could find yourself out of power and defenceless.When it comes to gameplay, this game is immaculate. The game presents you with an objective that is fixed but the way you arrive at that objective is completely up to your own discretion. There are a many of Half-Life, human sized vents that you can crawl through which allow you to reach your objective or you can come up with ridiculous ways of travelling without being detected such as carrying a wood box around that shields the enemy’s line of sight. You will also be awarded with exploring the area in the means of XP which in turn helps you receive new Praxis kits which allow you to upgrade Adam even further. The enemy AI in this game is also very good as they will adapt to a situation that you create.In Human Revolution there are two ""City Hubs"" these consist of the American city of Detroit which is a mixture of middle class and lower class establishments (where Sarif Industries is located and Jensen's apartment) and the Chinese City of Hengsha which is a highly industrialised city. These city hubs are massive areas which will take some time to explore, with unique areas and characters such as in Detroit there is the Detroit convention centre and in Hengsha you have the Hive night club. Each city also contains a set of buildings that are common; these include many apartments, a bio-tech firm, and a LIMB clinic (which allows you to upgrade you augmentations).In these city hubs you will undergo many main quest missions. The main storyline for this game is of medium length but there are many Easter eggs that will point back to the original games. The main quest takes you to these city hubs twice and some other locations such as Montreal. Every time you travel to one of these city hubs you are always presented with new side quests which are optional but they expand on the lore that is the Deus Ex universe.The one flaw that annoyed much of the original Human Revolution fan base was the boss fights; these are mandatory and cannot be skipped in the main quest line. The main problem was that there was no freedom that is available in the rest of the game thus making it harder and more linear to combat these enemies. In the director’s cut this issue has been addressed and there are now multiple ways in which you can tackle these enemies.For a 2011 game the graphics are still quite appealing and the game has a wonderful setting, especially due to it being set in the future and this rendition of the future has a very vibrant night life and the overall architecture is very nice.One of the very memorable things about this game for me was the soundtrack, most places in the game have the own distinct score which is easily recognisable. If you enter combat in one of these areas, the score for that area will transition very smoothly to a combat rendition. The score has a very synthetic feel which reflects the setting and theme of the overall game. As someone who does not know music in-depth I cannot explain why it is good but trust me it is!The DLC that is included in this game for free is also very good; the DLC activates late game and expands on a massive time gap that occurs without the DLC. Missing Link (the title for said DLC) expands on an event that happens towards the end of the game and gives you unseen background knowledge on that event. The DLC will also strip you of augmentations, allowing you to rebuild Jensen again.Overall Deus Ex Human Revolution is an excellent game and a brilliant RPG. The game has a memorable story and is a brilliant introduction to the main Deus Ex game."
76561198045763015,Recommended,238010,10544220,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,FrootyPop,Great game. Hard to succeed but it's extremely rewarding when you do. I really can't wait to play more of it and see how awesome the upgrades get.
,Recommended,238010,22061601,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,oof,+1
,Recommended,238010,12205809,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,God,"I just finished the game after 29 hours and all I can say is that this game is unbelievable.First of all the story is just amazing. You will try to learn everything in every place and its done so beautifully that you don't even get bored or you just don't want to continue without wondering around. Different endings and being able to somewhat change the story is a huge plus.Soundtrack is pretty good too, it really makes you feel the game. I still listen the soundtrack in youtube, what else can I say? If you play the game you will understand it, it just suits perfectly. Brilliantly created. You will not be upset if you care about the soundtrack.Gameplay is also good. Skill system and inventory was well done, it made me think carefully before I change anything or pick a new item or skill. Upgrades to weapons are also very good, they change the game dramatically. Combat was challanging too and I loved the finishing moves. The game can be played by either stealth or pure combat styles. I loved the stealth action but sometimes the finishers were not good. For example when your character kills a guy silently, it should drag his body back but instead it sometimes just throws it away and it results in a bad situation. Overall if you enjoy stealth or fps games, I believe you will enjoy the gameplay. Being able to focus on pure combat instead of stealth makes the game also good for players who wants action. It is good that game gives you a choice depending on your style.There are a lot of, I mean a LOT of places to wander around and tons of hidden places to discover. I didn't expect that when I started playing but you really feel the freedom while playing. Game doesnt just force you to play it linearly, it gives you many options. Lots of side quests, places and things to find and play styles to choose will definitely keep you excited about the game. 29 hours felt like 9 hours. If you are like me and want to explore every corner, you will not be disappointed.Unfortunately there are some things that I dont like about the game. Sometimes game just makes you feel like it's wasting your time. For example waiting in elevators, waiting for a system check, waiting for things to move or running back to the place where you were before and things like that. And as I said there are many places to investigate, you want to explore every corner but it makes you exhausted.This game is 9/10 in my opinion. It was a great adventure I feel like I just finished an amazing movie. It really made me feel like that. I realy hope that we will see another game from these great guys, they really know how to make a great game."
,Recommended,238010,15216202,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,altitudelimit,Can't augment your robot dong3/10
,Recommended,238010,9150011,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,ready player gun,I never asked for this.
,Recommended,238010,10712451,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Oh Nice,Great Game
76561198047188004,Recommended,238010,10673410,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Deepestcascade,good game
,Recommended,238010,8291380,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Jötunn,Buy it. That is all that needs to be said.
,Recommended,238010,23900890,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,altpseudonym,"An excellent cyberpunk setting coupled with stellar writing, an immersive world, and quintessential Deus Ex gameplay. This is an absolute must buy for any fan of the Deus Ex series, and one that should be seriously considered even if you aren't. The story gets a little wacky towards the end of the game, but have no worries, this game is a mature cyberpunk thriller that keeps you entertained throughout your playthrough."
,Recommended,238010,24328277,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,私はMONICAPRICILIAが大好き,"DIS game is interesting, if you addicted to hacking,stealth, weapon,robot etcdis game offers u so much! 9/10i just hate the enegery cell system  :v"
,Recommended,238010,8578455,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Elusivewater,It's pretty much Deus Ex Human Revolution.
,Recommended,238010,25018653,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Voldy,"Above all the things this game does right, it calls me out on visiting the woman washroom.9/10"
,Recommended,238010,7517741,"Posted: 29 October, 2013",all,Green Coyote,"With an engaging storyline and consistently entertaining gameplay, Deus Ex: Human Revolution is one game you won't regret playing and its replay value is increased with the many different possibilities to solving problems in the beautiful levels."
,Recommended,238010,7534356,"Posted: 31 October, 2013",all,The 1nteger,"Awesome atmospheric (think Bladerunner) action role-playing sci-fi game. Skill trees, character dialog, story, multi-choice solutions / approaches, lush visuals adding to the sci-fi / futuristic feel and awesome gameplay. Controls / cover system is a little fiddly at first (left trigger is to go into cover rather then pull in the crossair) but that's a minor issue. Add in the fact the DC fixes / adds improvements too and this is a great package for any action / rpg / Deus Ex fan!"
,Recommended,238010,7750697,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Kevin Yew,"Any fan of Deus Ex Human Revolution should buy the Director's Cut edition, the improved boss battles and the director's commentary are a welcome addition for only $5 or $10."
,Recommended,238010,7753303,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Speedwagon,"Awesome damn story, the gameplay is smooth and fun and the graphics are awesome :D"
76561197976631959,Recommended,238010,7760171,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,monsoontide,A great action adventure with a good story and the ability to chose the play style that suits you best - let down only by the annoying boss battles made somewhat better by the Director's Cut).
,Recommended,238010,32549041,Posted: 18 June,all,Zulu tactics man,"You may not ask for this.A nice cyberpunk history for a weekend, and diferent types of plays and endings.5/5 gamecouch."
76561198144946098,Recommended,238010,33278234,Posted: 5 July,all,Lugubrious Silhouette,"Through the yellowish lens, I saw magnificant scenes, with great details and intriguing storyand fantastic unconscious body maneuvers.The atmosphere of every single place is hard to forget... You know it when you see the screenshot. You don't just know it. You feel it. You don't even need to see the screenshot. Maybe, you just need to see a similar lens in the right color, like the yellow one, that is.It's beautiful.I usually don't get any views on my reviews, and when I do, it's thumbs down. But, you know, I never asked for this. Right? ;P"
,Recommended,238010,29479290,Posted: 25 January,all,r1ckRoidz^ csgobounty.com,great game
,Recommended,238010,24449726,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,IDon'tNeedAName,Best Game EVER
,Recommended,238010,26126905,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,postmanpat493,Cyborg man.
,Recommended,238010,29709163,Posted: 4 February,all,t1gershark,"15-20 hours if you run and gun through it.Quite a bit longer if you want to go sneaky.The main story is pretty thin and it feels like they could have put more effort into world building, but it holds up pretty well as an idealized post-future.I almost feel like the dev's gave the player too much freedom in how we could play Jensen.It always feels like he's a bit too stoic, a bit too straight laced, too calm and controled in chaos."
,Recommended,238010,26424336,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,krokaps,"Deus Ex:Human Revolution is a God damn masterpiece! It's a very well desighed game which tells us a very decent story and raises so many questions like human progress,human morality and so on. Moreover to say that the gameplay approach is good means to say nothing (There are so many ways to complete the game).The shooter mechanics is perfectly compactible with RPG elements,you can even complete the game without making a single shot(except for some boss fights) or upgrading any skills.In general,if you are a fan of computer games and want to see a good story and be a part of it,this game must be the first in your wishlist.I only regret,that i couldn't play it when it was released(I played a Director's Cut)."
,Recommended,238010,24685161,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Bolan Greyjoy,"Deus Ex: Human Revolution is an incredible game. The bulk of the game is highly enjoyable stealth sequences, in which you use your Inspector Gadjet Robocop Powers to achieve all your goals. Cloak your way past any encounters, launch explosives out of your shoulder rockets, or shishkebab any enemies that get too close with your arm shankers. Alternatively, you can go full on hippie mode and play the entire game without shanking/neck-snapping/shooting/exploding/throwing photocopiers at anyone! Except the boss fights. They are pretty trash. Other than that, this game is incredible for those who love stealth, and still quite viable for those who prefer cover based shooting. Not that I ever asked for this."
,Recommended,238010,26111217,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Langor,This game mixes RPG and FPS elements together with a very deep storyline to create an action filled game. This game is definetly one that is worth checking out. If you want to see how the gameplay and story is check out the following video.https://youtu.be/Lfmgf6mmsHY
,Recommended,238010,29475466,Posted: 24 January,all,TheDungeonMaster5,"I'm Conflicted about this game, part of me likes it and part of me just thinks it could have been a lot better. Id give it a 6.5 out of 10.Pros:-Lots of ways to complete each quest. Via hacking, stealth, or Total badass one man army style.-The story has some nice suprises.Cons:- Dated Graphically even for its time of release.- I found the storyline a bit confusing in places.- a bit repetitive.- Jensen can be a little tropey at times.All in all if the game sounds interesting at all to you i say give it a try its well worth the 19.99Definitely grab it while on sale."
,Recommended,238010,29705275,Posted: 4 February,all,Mervill,Fantastic!
,Recommended,238010,21616814,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,kyrylo,"Nice gameplay, but WAY too long, with a lot of unnecessary plot twists."
,Recommended,238010,25067614,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Waddles Sandusky.,"A seriously fantastic game, has anything you could really ask for in a game of its type. Stealth is on point, story is pretty great, pretty much every character you meet has depth to them, level design is INCREDIBLE, and dialogue is slightly above average compared to most RPGs. Highly recommend."
76561198214592032,Recommended,238010,24597769,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,phillipshead,You could say I'm a fan.
,Recommended,238010,9823157,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Onyx,"Deus Ex: Human Revolution is a very well done prequel to the original Deus Ex. It has a great story, one that sets up the events for Deus Ex, it has good gameplay and some what good graphics. It is very easy to get addicted to this game.Gameplay: 8.5/10Graphics: 8/10Story: 9/10"
76561198311628198,Recommended,238010,24929725,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Nickylodeon,"Having never played another game of the Deus Ex franchise so far, I can't get into detail about how this game is different than the original HR one, or how better/worse it is compared to the first ones.BUT!!If you are looking for an amazing stealth based game, with a nice plot, well developed characters, extensivelly thought out backstory and general badassness, search no more. I would definitely recommend this game, but keep in mind these thhings:-if you are  the kind of person that prefers storming into bases while riding an elephant and waving a bazooka around , you might have some trouble here 3:) The game does give you deadly takedown options, and has a variety of weapons -not too extensive but overall sufficient- used to kill, but firing a single bullet can cause troops of enemies to sudenly appear, and let me tell you, they are highly accurate, and your reloading takes a while, so you're better off silently stunning them or looking around for other possible ways. This game rewards you overall for being stealthy, with XP, bonuses, etc, but I for some people it can be really frustrating, sneaking away without killing that one annoying soldier xDBoss fights on the other hand require ""open-field"" fighting...Hacking and stealthing around could get you somewhere but you need to actively fight them to proceed.-The replayability factor is imo about average, but with the new game+ option you can keep your augmentations (aka skills) in the new game. Especially helpful if aiming for achievements. The game took me around 55 hours to finish.-If you're more of the ""I'm here for the story"" type, you might find the ending kinda disappointing. I enjoyed the game overall so I didnt mind it THAT much, but, well...Other than that the game is perfect, and since I got it on sale I can easily say this was the best 5$ I ever spent!!"
76561198027383755,Recommended,238010,12788418,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Eisku,I like it.
76561197966635757,Recommended,238010,13901570,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Pan,"I have always been a huge fan of the cyber punk and sci-fi noire genre. Notable titles such as Blade Runner and Cowboy Bebop evoke elements of a gritty yet technologically advanced world that I've always wished I could experience. Deus Ex: Human Revolution brought that dream to life in way that far surpassed my expectations. The game takes place in the very believable near future in which cybernetic augmentations have become the dominant industry of the world. You play as Adam Jensen, the head of security for one of America's top augmentation corporations. The large number of augs at your disposal allows you to build your character around your playstyle, all the while making you feel like a complete badass. The poignant themes touched upon in this game are particularly relevant to our society today and will have you asking yourself, does mankind have the right to play God? I want to end by giving a big mahalo to Kai for opening my eyes to this wonderful game."
76561198053856586,Recommended,238010,29577907,Posted: 29 January,all,SneezyAnus™,can't afford man kind divided so this will do
76561197965046644,Recommended,238010,14464726,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,DarkSnakeSoul,"A well designed game for it's time. The story , graphics and gameplay are well done and brings back that classic feeling of Deus Ex, however the director's cut seems to be quite another story for the following reasons:1. They included Missing link which is awesome , new boss level layouts and a few new missions, however I wish they did expand more of the game world, adding another sector to each city with a few more quests giving more insight to the Augment issues.2. There seems to be a lot of bugs, the original Human Revolution I didn't run into many issues however in Director's cut i had quite a bit of issues with enemies glitching out and a boss freaking the hell out in which they just stood looking at me and dead bodies flying across the map or sinking into the ground. Either way they are more of a good laugh but sad to see them in a updated/newer vision.If you haven't played Deus Ex HR, then I do recommend this one as everything is tied together. The story is great and everything is still there or improved...with the side order of bugs/glitches. However if you already have the original version I would recommend to pass this until a sale...there isn't that big of a change to buy it again unless you really enjoyed it or never played missing link story."
76561198014705133,Recommended,238010,10467123,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,charedj,"Great story, plus you get to throw a guy off a building. Very happy."
,Recommended,238010,13506155,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,ICTimez,Not enough gold paint.
,Recommended,238010,14915366,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Skeltal McSpoopDoot,"I never asked for any of this.However, a friend of mine bought it for me on a steam sale so he's a great friend.Deus Ex is a pretty cool guy eh kills people and doesn't afraid of anything."
76561198065510503,Recommended,238010,16660057,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,aniki,"Deus Ex is wonderfulBUT WAITboth the word De-us-ex and won-der-ful...has three syllables,3 is the number of os side on a TRIANGLE,TRIANGLE can be seen on a DOLLOR,DOLLOR is money, and you need money to throw at GABEN,GABEN, works in Valve and is looking for a way to make a third sequal,but... WAIT... THEN... THAT MEANS!THE NEXT DEUS EX GAME IS HALF LIFE 3!~You clever illuminati robots...Just wanted to say this game is WONDERFULBut.. Wait...hehe u fool"
76561198026846672,Recommended,238010,17332572,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Spark the RPG magnet,I spent the last forty hours dragging dead bodies into vents.10/10
,Recommended,238010,26413211,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,NICENERD,[h+]
,Recommended,238010,9682067,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Idioteque126678,"One of the best story-driven games I've played since Far Cry 3 and a few others. It looks cheesy or uninteresting at the pictures sometimes but this game is great. It has a Spinter Cell stealth aspect and beatiful melee combat, even though it is 3rd Person. Get this game!"
76561198011270009,Recommended,238010,14967729,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,SquirrelHammer,"Absolutely incredible game. People told me for years to play this, but I always put it on the backlog and now I honestly regret I did. The story, gameplay, and characters are amazing, especailly the protagonist Adam Jensen. The game starts off pretty slow and you really don't feel all that powerful. But once you get over that hump, you literally become a badass, especailly if you invest heavily in Hack. I racked up so much EXP from hacking. And the mini game that is tied to it is really fun, especially when you get to level 5 and have like 6 secs to get it done.The game lets you play quiet or loud, though it basically encourages you to play stealthy either way. Running into the middle of a group of enemies is most likely gonna result in your death. Luckily the stealth in this game is done very well, so it makes it fun to sneak around air ducts or find those hidden paths around enemies. And the game gives you EXP for doing that as well, so you don't lose much by skipping large battles.The only major cons I have with the game are that the cutscenes don't really scale with the game. The game on max settings looks pretty good, but the cutscenes are lower quality no matter what you play on. Its not a big deal, but it would have been nice to see sharper scenes. Another con is the use of batteries to do pretty much anything. For using camo or armor, yeah, it makes sense to have to use battery life. But to knock enemies out? That just seemed like a pointless feature. I really hope in DX4 they remove that.Overall, this game is a solid 10 in my books. Everything about this game is amazing. And the freedom it gives you to handle a situation however you like is rare in games nowadays."
,Recommended,238010,17909331,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,fri_freeman,"I'm just posting here to say that yes, Indonesian residence can buy and play this game. Apparently if you can see it you can play it. I've been wanting to buy this for ages, but haven't because stupid Squeenix apparently doesn't realize that Indonesia is a country and doesn't put the name in the notice. Really, they put Lao People's Democratic Republic there but not Indonesia? No offense for Laotian, of course."
76561198054023535,Recommended,238010,12691318,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Catpsyche,"This is a true stealth game, but you can choose to live dangerous and destroy everything if you want... I've played this game through twice for two of the three endings you choose.  Love this game!!!... Epic storylines, and many ways to play this game, the choice is yours.  ^5"
76561198026905172,Recommended,238010,29661030,Posted: 2 February,all,10z20,"One of the best stories told in the history of gaming. A real tour-de-force. Not like your ♥♥♥♥ing weeb games. No fan service here, nerd.Amazing setting, memorable characters, difficult decisions, excellent aesthetic."
76561198017120650,Recommended,238010,12834137,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,grumpyimp,"This is one of the better games that I've played in a while. The combination of FPS, RPG, and Open World gameplay, plus an intriguing storyline has made it quite fun. I've been playing a straight stealth run-through of the game, and it's quite amazing how you can approach the game with this alternative method. The hacking mini games are also clever little puzzles to solve. The world is remarkably diverse and really makes you want to explore the various nooks and crannies.The only thing that really created a great deal of frustration for me have been the ""Boss Battles"". As i said I've been playing the game straight stealth, so when I was suddenly thrown into a head-on shootout with the boss, with no real opportunity to go non-lethal, it was very jarring. Apparently this was a bit of a known quantity that I was unaware of before playing. The boss battles feel like they belong in a different game, and I really wish they had gone all the way with the redesign for this release and given you a non-lethal option.All things considered, though, this is a fantastic game that deserves the praise that it gets. I hope that any future games manage to live up to this sort of achievement."
,Recommended,238010,12847304,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Cpl. Koala,"Easily one of the best shooters I have had the privaledge of playing. Beautiful story, awesome fps mechanics. This should be in everyone's library."
,Recommended,238010,31370317,Posted: 25 April,all,cosmonaut,"while not as interesting as deus ex, this is an excellent game that is easy to love. lots of ways to play with interesting characters"
76561197998172729,Recommended,238010,8418920,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Ryvaken Tadrya,"The boss fights are glorious. Barret used to be the worst part of the game, now I look forward to fighting him more than anyone else in the series. The few changes were exactly what those encounters needed."
76561198048509302,Recommended,238010,13487277,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,weltall42,Great game!
,Recommended,238010,7963694,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,AMB 10,"This fixes the issues that kept Deus Ex: HR from truly shining. AI is vastly improved, and those stupid boss battles, while not eliminated, are changed entirely to accompany any number of tactics. No longer are you screwed over by rolling for stealth or rolling for a cunning linquist. My only issue with this has to be the implementation of the Missing Link DLC, which feels very poorly-implemented and proves to be frustrating, as you lose all your♥♥♥♥♥♥during the campaign and have your skills reset. The Missing Link DLC is a bit of a downer in this game, but by all means buy this version of the game. It fixes the dealbreakers that the original Human Revolution had."
76561198067422970,Recommended,238010,19370987,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Aleks Mak,I walked into a closet and then leveled upits pretty good
76561198104490351,Recommended,238010,12931262,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Germex1942,Great game... And a awsome prequal
76561198096463454,Recommended,238010,12677956,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,SlaughterMeister,"Straight to the point: The game is a lot of fun. If you can catch it on sale, it is definitely worth your money."
76561198013772620,Recommended,238010,12751462,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,lebzz,Awesome game!
,Recommended,238010,13440273,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Neuropozyne,"Best game ever made.+ Unlike many games runs perfectly on my non-standard rig.+ Has great atmosphere and stylized look. Is very immersive and believable.+ Has intelligent plot and non-linear gameplay.+ Has so many things to do and so much to explore. Incredible replay value.+ Is sci-fi and cyberpunk, but doesn't have zombies or aliens. I hate those, so this game is perfect.+ Is satisfyingly long, especially with the now included DLC.+ Great music. I listen to the OST often while doing other work.+ Adam Jensen is a sarcastic and ironic badass killing machine."
,Recommended,238010,12681503,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,</Ero>,game worth every $ specialy if u are a DeusEx Fan. i enjoyed it truely :)
,Recommended,238010,13447741,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,sF77,I reinstalled it while listening to 'Black and Yellow' by Wiz Khalifa.10/10 Would reinstall again.
,Recommended,238010,25703073,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Goju Ponu,Bought this because I couldn't afford Mankind Divided
,Recommended,238010,30602048,Posted: 18 March,all,Atomic AlienZ,A great game.
,Recommended,238010,24937477,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Desaix,"Deus Ex: Human Revolution Director's Cut is a sci-fi, RPG, cyberpunk stealth game with a great presentation, atmosphere and freedom of choice in your playthrough.+ Unique premise about mechanical augmentations of humans+ Great atmosphere, a lot of characters feel real+ You can choose different strategies to reach your goals.+ I screwed up saving some people and it wasn't instantly game over. You have to live with the consequences in this game.+ It's a long game that lasts over 20h on a first playthrough. Also, there is a high replay value because skilling differently changes the gameplay drastically+ There are even walkthroughs by players who only use crates on youtube. I'm not even joking. :D- Doesn't run that great. I have heard that the standard version didn't have this problem, but it's removed from the store...There are some registry fixes that might improve some framerate issues you could encounter, but this should not be needed at all in a so-called ""director's cut"".- The DLC missing link is integrated into the game and it was long, linear and boring and mostly contains of a lot of backtracking and hidden loading screens with body scanners.- While the plot itself is good, I don't like the conspiracy theory part in it, making it more difficult to take the story seriously.- Be prepared to hack...often.- The fate of some people you are constantly chasing in the game remain unexplained. So the endings felt like that they could have been done better.I would love to try out the unbugged standard version of this game. Sadly, it's nowhere to be found. Anyway, I would recommend buying this game, but get ready to fix some technical issues if you encounter them:Replay value: Potentially high with multiple endingsRating:8.0/10Recommendation: Yes"
76561198027692026,Recommended,238010,19347745,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Jamez,"I consider Deus Ex: Human Revolution a decent game with some very strong pros but also some alarming cons. Overall I recommend this game because it brings something on the table that's unique and well executed. However, I can't say that I was left completely satisfied or that my positive emotions skyrocketed through the roof.Pros:+ Idea of the so called 'augmentations' highly original.+ Different paths to complete the missions.+ Wonderful stealth takedown.+ Nice character build.+ Memorable protagonist.+ Useful weapons and nice weapon upgrades.+ Cool little hacking minigame.+ Getting shot gets you killed FAST.Cons:- The environment is a maze which really brings down the game tempo. On top of that there's a lot of backtracking which replaces the fun of sneaking past guards with frustration. I found myself over and over again getting impatient about how the game artificially tried to slow me down.- Not the most helpful minimap.- Not that great of a level design.- Poor inventory.- Black and white backstory with a very predictable plot.- Badly written readable material and poor dialogues.- Frustrating boss battles in small contained areas (cage-battles basically)."
,Recommended,238010,7449674,"Posted: 22 October, 2013",all,SnarKs,Sunglasses come out of his face. HIS FACE!
76561198013026902,Recommended,238010,7589688,"Posted: 6 November, 2013",all,The Jaguar,"The Deus Ex games are among my all time favorites!  The original Deus Ex: Human Revolution was awesome, so I can't wait to see what they've done with the director's cut -- just started playing it and so far, so good!The most obvious change is that they changed the maps to the boss fights.  I won't go into specifics because I don't want to be a spoiler.  But it plays well so far."
,Recommended,238010,9396983,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Akira49,"I've played original Deus Ex few times since it's release. This is really great game, almost like Mass Effect although it's an stealth-FPS. It's worth every penny spent on it although the durectors cut should be released as a patch not another game to earn money. There is no way not to enjoy this game! Still I'm glad they've released improved game with improved graphics and gave huge discounts for those who own the game with all dlc's."
,Recommended,238010,15731194,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,TheImmortalConquerOfTheUniverse,DEUS EX = SOO GOOD PLUS THE HERO IS AMAZING AND LOOK AMAZING! BUT THEY SHOULD HAVE IMPROVED THE ENDING
76561198007558529,Recommended,238010,12731400,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Mugiwara,This game was a hell of a ride!!!!!10/10
,Recommended,238010,24896212,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,ᄃЯӨMIGПӨП,"If you're a DX vet, expect a lot of Squarification, e.g. the omission of characters and plot elements integral to the franchise, except in maybe a token capacity (a la ""wot they done did to Dungeon Siege III""), so it's not exactly the same atmosphere as the original. But get it anyway. If you're new to DX, this is a great place to start.The music is great, the plot is rich with thematic elements of conspiracy theories, the visuals are...well they're shiny and yellow, and each area map sprawls -just- enough to trick you into believing the game is longer than it is. Pay no attention to the 70+ hours I have on record. I...I had to pee a lot.Couple of things that bug me about a 2011 game that was re-released on 2013. First, the body and mouth movements during dialogue. It looks all stuttery, like the characters are those mannequins you see in Kraftwerk videos. All puppety and the like. Second, lots of little flickery pixels, like there's a film grain filter happening.But nevermind. It's a good game, the price has been reduced by $40 or so since release, and the sequel is soon upon us."
,Recommended,238010,33408306,Posted: 9 July,all,❂Pop,ees gud
,Recommended,238010,8899410,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Ashstep,"Serves the story of the game much, much better. If you played DXHR vanilla for its story, you have to get this."
,Recommended,238010,11301047,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Left Nipple of the WuTang Clan,"Stealth is punishing, Story is amazing really really fun overall."
,Recommended,238010,24163620,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,DivineAzureDragon97,"Has a slow start ""gameplay wise"" but trust me it'll get better as soon as you unlock more augmentations, you won't regret it."
76561198095463498,Recommended,238010,12615375,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,UNDEADMASTER,"I thought this was a great game to play since the original version was fun and addicting. I am not good at scores but this game to me was 9.5/10 because story was great, made me feel like I was in the game. With 2 upgrading systems in the game 1 for your character an 2 for your gun(s) which was very useful and hard to pick what I want. I reccomend this game to any Deus Ex fans who like the games"
76561198065866336,Recommended,238010,22195366,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Aegon Targaryen,"i have too much nostalgia for the original deus ex, one of my favorite games of all time. HR seemed to of fall short...i didnt really care much about the characters...level of depth wasnt there or at least for me..still liked the game thou..just expected more."
,Recommended,238010,24189451,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,**FADM*Sollarii**,Greatest re-release of all time and dont forget it.
76561198051304337,Recommended,238010,24585365,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Turing's Test,"I first picked up Deus Ex: Human Revolution on a Steam summer sale whim. It looked interesting, had a cool cyberpunk art style (oh what I would do for more AAA cyberpunk games...), and the reviews were extremely positive save for certain parts of the game. What I did not realise as I was installing it for the first time was just the profound impact Deus Ex: Human Revolution would have on how I approached video games as a whole.I was still very new to PC gaming in general when I first played Deus Ex: Human Revolution and had only dabbled in titles such as Call of Duty, Halo, Bioshock, and a few others. My experience with these worlds and their stories were pretty linear, with missions and objectives given to me and a set route with strict methods to follow. Deus Ex was different, it took me several playthroughs to realise that there are different approaches to every mission, and hundreds of hours to see that no single playthrough is ever quite the same.Thus I was welcomed to the Revolution: I was introduced to a world riding on the tides and turbulence of great change both on a technological and a cerebral front. This was expressed not only in the beautifully realised fashion and architecture of 2027, but also in the emails, books, conversations, and other forms media that helped to mold this uncertain yet glorious cyberpunk future.I spent hours in and inbetween missions soaking up the history of this world and its agents, and even more hours discovering different methods and approaches to the tasks given to me. What Deus Ex: Human Revolution did to me that no other game had done before was give me a choice in what happened, at least most of the time.It is by no means perfect, but Deus Ex: Human Revolution is a fun, immersive, and incredibly flexible stealth/action game that you may have not asked for, but sure as hell wanted.Get your vision augmented today."
76561198144996245,Recommended,238010,24979545,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Marbar,"I don't want to make this review long, so if you want details, you might want to check it my Deus Ex review.All I am going to say here is that this game does pretty much everything the first game did right, and adds a lot of new features that are all cool/good. This game is as good (and many people would say it's better) as the original, and if you enjoy ""a thinking man's shooting/rpg game"" this is a must buy for you!P.S. not everything in my old review fits with this game, for example about that there are no quest markers. I still think this game executed it very well"
76561197969270587,Recommended,238010,31748949,Posted: 14 May,all,fe0,"I'm a major CSGO player. This is my first Deus Ex game which I have played. Firstly, I had some issues to get into its gameplay but after first walkthrough I got rid of them. The game excited me tremendous down the road. After finishing my first round I have become addicted in trying the other way and I also mutated into an achievement hunter. SFX are great and the soundtrack is absolutely magnificent. The game is good value. Let's hear it for all pacifists!"
,Recommended,238010,31734214,Posted: 13 May,all,Gaddafi,Best Deus EX after the original. Very fun to explore the world and very unique story. Only down side is the stupid boss fights.
,Recommended,238010,31773390,Posted: 15 May,all,GoZach,"A great stealth/action game. The boss battles take away from the experience a little bit, but the rest of the game is so great, it doesn't really matter."
76561197964199473,Not Recommended,238010,25190740,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,ThundaPete,"I haven't finished it yet.  I'm fairly close to the end.  I've gone from loving this game, to hating it, pretty much.  I just played through the terrible DLC which did very little for the story and slowed the whole game right down.  I have no idea whose idea that was.Edit:I finished it a few hours later.  A complete let down to be honest, plus, even though I'd played pacifist all the way through I never got the achievement.  There was no point during the game that I recall actually killing anyone (outside of boss fights), and so I'm quite cheesed off with it to be honest.But here're a few things that let this game down:After a while praxis points and xp become irrelevent as there are a lot of filler perks.The game pretends to let you play it your way, but it really wants you to stealth and hack your way through, I am guessing that if you run and gun your way through it you'll miss out.It's far too long.  I didn't care about the plot by the time that I got to the end of it.I'm going to wait a long time before I attempt the next game in the series."
,Recommended,238010,26097337,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,ｊａｙｋ,"A bit tough to review this since SquEnix is messing up Eidos Montreal's plans. This tiny review is done, whilst trying to ignore SquEnix's meddling. Eidos Montreal is a great dev studio, besides, most of the meddling was done to the newer title Mankind Divided and not as much with this one.I'll keep it simple:+ The commentary is excellent. Funny devs and great insight.+ The reduction in the gold filter is not too bad. Still has that characteristic look the game is known for.- Seems buggier than the vanilla version.- Sometimes, the HUD goes off the bottom of the screen.- NPCs you knock unconcious with a Tranq Rifle or Stun Gun, die mysteriously.- Some of the difficult achievements do not get unlocked sometimes and are not yet fixed.- Adjusting FOV still looks weird, where the weapons get squeezed into a corner of the screen.Other than those technical issues, the game's still as great as the vanilla version. A modern stealth-FPS classic with RPG elements and great voice acting. Please buy it.Score:0451/10 would spill my drink again*edit 25-11-16 : updated review*"
,Not Recommended,238010,10736552,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Caramel Frappe,"It's got a lot going for it ... but sadly, it just doesn't cut it for me.While the graphics are great, and the game is deep with interesting concepts ... I couldn't bring myself to enjoy it.First off, it takes WAY to long to earn XP points. I could only upgrade my perks once after playing for 4 hours. Despite not killing a soul, I didn't get much out of it apart from a few 'good jobs' and it was soon forgotten.The story itself, despite filled with detail ... doesn't have my full interest. The mechanics are a bit sloppy and the NPCs are dumb as bricks during stealth missions. They remind me of the ones in Skyrim that easily forget about you and lose sight of you all to quickly which broke the immersion for me. The maps themselves are annoying to explore and I just again.. wasn't having to much fun. So I will give this game a pass. Up to you if you'd like to try it out."
,Not Recommended,238010,10897001,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,BONKERS,"Technically a downgrade over the original game in a lot of ways. Persistent microstuttering, lower quality HDR, texture bugs, still scales UI by resolution (Even by all means it's simply a console port), Depth of Field in DX9 is of much lower quality than in original game, FMVs are sill compressed to crap and back.Only play if you really want to try the bosses in a new way and have the DLC integrated."
76561197999967004,Not Recommended,238010,10973051,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Timmy!,"I'm lucky I only paid $5 for this craptastic game.  Other than the graphics, there's nothing great about this game. Mediocre plot mixed with terrible controls and physics.  The last straw that made me write this review was that I just died after blowing a full 5 rounds with a magnum dead center on an enemy and it was as if I was shooting blanks.  The aiming is god awful and back in my day head shots actually did damage. As for the ""stealth"" killing aspect, it has been done and was even better in the Metal Gears which were like 10+ years before this game.  This game would be like Tenchu: Stealth Assasins but you get ranged weapons that miss like 90% of the time regardless of where you aim.  It is so bad that you can have an enemy walk into a doorway and you can blast your shot gun point blank and still miss.  It is so bad that this is the only game on Steam I have ever written a review for in hopes that no one ever buys this game again."
,Recommended,238010,33196410,Posted: 3 July,all,BOT CHEESE,The best of the Deus X series so get it if you are a fan of the Deus X series.
,Recommended,238010,29718053,Posted: 5 February,all,Sviskebisk,"you're lying, morgan"
76561198255805493,Recommended,238010,23694044,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Hank Hell,"+ Very in depth story and world+ Interesting characters+ Conspiracy Theories are interesting+ Good stealth/shooting+ Looks pretty, and the soundtrack is amazing+ Doesn't hold your hand, multiple options to complete everything.- Some meh animations- Story falls apart towards the end- Boss battles, although fixed, are not very fun.GET THE GAME."
,Recommended,238010,20972854,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,RagDollRat,"Great game, DO NOT listen to the negative reviewsThis game gets ALLOT of bad rep because of only 2 reasons 1.Blinded by nostalgia goggles for a previous deus ex and 2.they don't enjoy tactical stealth gamesIF you enjoy games like the Metal Gears, Splinter Cells, or are just interested in some heavily political distopian future gameplay then this game series is for youif your expecting an open world rpg or a action packed fps go play Call of Duty or Skyrim because your barking up the wrong genre"
,Recommended,238010,8181442,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,TrinTong,I never ask for this..... I just buy it when it have 75% discount !It was money well spend ! This game is sure a must own !
,Recommended,238010,25106047,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Noshutomai csgolive.com,I thought that the AI would respawn like any other game and now the whole city's population reduced to 0
,Recommended,238010,10713958,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Callewaert,yes
,Recommended,238010,14980156,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Cryptomancer,The definitive version of a great RPG. The inclusion of The Missing Link DLC as well as the fixing of the boss fights made a great game even better. Highly recommended.
,Recommended,238010,27273090,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Hyouka Fuwa,"Best game for me and I played it like 8 times, no matter if i have to finish another game, sometimes I come back to play again this one."
76561198121051783,Recommended,238010,11753563,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Jake From State Farm,Hands-down one of the greatest stealth games I've ever played.
,Recommended,238010,27124638,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sheamus McFuckyourself,Best cyberpunk game
,Recommended,238010,24273832,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,woj100177844919,its pretty good
76561198091292389,Recommended,238010,16026668,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Vassago Rain,Played it for a bit.It's okay.
,Recommended,238010,28036536,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,✔kupis1408,I used to play cracked version of this bae and finished it within weeks. This year I managed to purchase it legally via Steam to experience again the awesomeness of this bae. Now you know how much I adore this bae.
,Recommended,238010,21375341,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Starfoth The Burgundy Silk Rug,"SUMMARY:FeatureRating (out of 5)Stealth4Combat4Skill Tree4.5Storyline5World and Level4Graphics4Sounds3Balance2Deus Ex: Human Revolution is a game that is overall worth it and a good memorable time, but has a few burning issues that I feel I need to bring to the table. First off; lets' start off with the good and the ""why you should""THE GOODStealth - The game's stealth aspect seems to be relatively fluid and fun. It urges you to explore more than anything in order to find pathways that can lead you to properly traverse the environment.Combat - If stealth is not your style or you choose to go whichever way you feel, getting into combat is just an fun. The gunplay is smooth and the action is quality. Plus, it isn't always what you would expect. You can choose your method of approach and use the environment to your advantage. Whether it be hacking a turret and picking it up around with you so it doubles as a weapon and as a shield or just firing your weapons, the combat is polished.Progression and Skills - Advancing through the game is definitely the biggest aspect. As you unlock various augmentations, you gain advantages in your surroundings. Higher jumping, better hacking, arm strength, all of it feeds into becoming stronger, faster, and more durable.Storyline - Possibly the most solid and immersive story I have seen in a while. The supporters and opposers of augmentations have both well thought out proponents and ignoramous on each side. Similar to most issues. The characters are believable and the story fully immerses you. Powerful underlying lore will keep you curious enough to want to see more.World and Level Design - The world and the levels are very detailed and filled with accent. The objects, the environment, the scenery, all of it is well done.Graphics - The graphics are good, I have to say the scenery and effects are nice.Sound - The sound quality is polished but definitely could be better. More of a not-good not-bad. However, because the sfx are not bad, that's a good in my book.It's not all perfection and greatness; however, there are some things I feel like I need to list.THE BADArtificial Difficulty - When I ask you what difficulty is in a game, you would say 'challenge', yes? Although this game does have challenge, it has a lot of artifical frill as far as difficulty goes and that artificial frill is known as...Ammo Scavenging - Unimmersive, and doesn't add anything to the challenge. I find myself needing to scrounge the ground for bullets. I have spent a large amount of time in this game trying to tediously keep my inventory managed because I need a large arsenal of weapons to fit any type of ammo I run across. I would much rather play the game than comb the floor for bullets. Whether stealth or loud, it's a complete pain. It isn't 'challenging'. 'Challenging' would be smarter enemies, more enemies, a more trying environment. 'Challenging' is not being forced to vulture every square inch of the ground.All in all, the game is very high quality and other than having to vulture for scraps rather than actually play the game, the game was challenging, fun, entertaining, *mostly immersive, pretty, and well polished."
,Recommended,238010,22911888,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Carrot <3 Sexy Time !,"I have to be honest I didn't like this game at first, but I went to play it for the achievements.So I had to finish the game really.Movement and shooting of hits are pretty poor in this game, that's why I didn't like it.But it's a relaxing and good time filler when bored.It has plenty of gametime and offcourse hacking all the things and stealthing is fun.You could finish this game with killing anyone.I finish the game twice, once without killing and due to a bug with save files I didn't ge the achievement how awesome is that! Yeah and to top it off due to the same bug I didn't get another achievement great all that work!It's setting is in the future a place in which Augmentation and Bio Cybernetics play a big role.You can upgrade it to unlock new ability's.Such as cloacking, vision threw walls, punching threw weak walls and more.That's fun stuff, it also involves allot of hacking and that just fun to do.Some pc's that you have might contain loads of information, code to open things and so on.You as a sort of detective get send on missions.These missions can be stealthed or you can go pretty much Rambo style do that's not very effective."
,Recommended,238010,10202545,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,The Skeleton,"Dues Ex:HRDCis a solid 9.5.DEHRDC offers amazing gameplay with a story filled with amazing cinematics,difficult choices,and top notch voice acting.It's an awesome FPS and RPG at the same damn time.The game follows former SWAT member Adam Jensen, who's now equipped with cybernetic limbs.You can upgrade his various tools in order to gain advantages through out the game.The game itself is split into different areas.Sneaking is crucial in order to survive.Just 'cause you play a robocop,doesn't mean you're invincible.The story will be decided by various choices and side quests you finish.The only problem I could find is that the framerate drops from time to time.TL;DR: Buy this game right now 9.5/10"
,Recommended,238010,12309240,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,🗾,adam jensen is one of the best robocops to exist.
,Recommended,238010,15818361,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,"Roody, seductively",who needs stealth when you have a rocket launcher?
,Recommended,238010,21931446,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Ryzo,if you dislike this game for any reason you're proof that we should've surrendered to the nazisorange/10
,Recommended,238010,34882003,Posted: 11 September,all,devilinmynoodle,Terminator vs. IlluminatiWho won? Who's next?You decide !!!!!
76561197998923299,Recommended,238010,24915123,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,gbrunsvold,Great game with multiple play styles with enough content for the inner squirrel in all players
76561198116970726,Recommended,238010,28259587,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Chicken of Death,This game makes me feel young again.
,Recommended,238010,27899825,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Neo Marshkga,A great game for any Science Fiction and cyberpunk fan. It´s been a while since i had to stop and think through my choices in a game as much as i did on this game´s ending.
,Recommended,238010,25707986,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,mslnmf,http://store.steampowered.com/app/287700
,Recommended,238010,13594100,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Murikov,"« Get that♥♥♥♥♥♥outta my face, 'fore I shove it up yo'♥♥♥♥♥.»- Random pedestrian in Detroit, sharing his valuable opinionDeus Ex: Human Revolutionis the long-anticipated prequel to the legendary game from 2000 and kind of an attempt to please both newcomers to series and connoisseurs of the first Deus Ex.I played the first Deus Ex before and while I don't think it's the greatest PC game ever made (like many proclaimed before me), I still do find it excellent. It was an innovative mix of stealth, FPS action, hacking and conspiracy theories, garnished with a great level design and a memorable electronic soundtrack. ThenInvisible Warhit the market in 2003 - more or less well received by players who were new to series, but not really appreciated by fans of the first game (to put it mildly).A few years passed, and meanwhile Eidos Interactive was taken over by Square Enix. The new studio in Montreal planned to make good use of the strong IP that the old Eidos left behind, so soon later a new Deus Ex was already in the making.Human Revolution takes place 20 years before the events of the original Deus Ex, in a world where mechanical augmentation of the human body is in great demand; but also highly debated. You play as Adam Jensen, a former SWAT-cop who now works as the security chief of Sarif, one of the world's biggest biotech corporations. After a mysterious terrorist attack on the company Adam Jensen gets fatally wounded and some villains seem to have kidnapped his ex-girlfriend. His life is saved though by his own employer, who installs state-of-the-art augmentations into his body. It's now up to the player to find out more about the motives of the mysterious attackers and the whereabouts of his ex-girlfriend. It's needless to say that things get pretty hairy during his journey around the world...So did Eidos Montreal manage at the end to satisfy both newcomers and fans of the series? I think yes, hell yeah. Many features from the first game were gracefully re-imagined in Human Revolution, even if some of them are missing (like the legendary Spy Drone). Like in the first game you can choose to take either the peaceful way of handling the story or instead being the trigger-happy FPS fella. You don't like finding secret entrances through air vents? Then simply punch a hole into the weak wall. You feel mercy for your enemies and you want to spare their lives? Simply calm them down with your tranquilizer rifle or sneak around them. Like in the first game you can look out for main and side quests, and how you solve them it's completely up to you. Big time amount of replay value.The different augmentations can turn out pretty useful, at some points of the game they are even badly needed. Especially if you intend to take the stealth path or to reach secret areas you almost depend on them. Looking through walls, jumping from enormous hights or being able to see through the intentions of your conversation partners can come in quite handy.Of course not every aspect of Human Revolution is spotless. The level design, while still solid in its base, isn't as widespread and complex as in Deus Ex 1. Especially the sewers in Detroit and Hengsha look pretty repetitive and bland. Also the many hacking sections can get pretty annoying, especially if all what you get are some trivial emails for theumpteenthtime. You'll hack a lot in this game, if not too much. Also the last sections of the game aren't as challenging and spectacular as I've expected - Ion Storm did definitely a better job in 2000.But apart from these points I really enjoyed this title and you can easily spend some 40 hours into it. Originally I haven't expected the game to be that good, despite its minor flaws. Explore the dark corners of the Mega-Metropolis Hengsha, discover many references and hints to the first game or try to beat the game in different ways. There's a lot to do and see in Human Revolution.The Good:+ Flawless presentation+ Atmospheric soundtrack+ Interesting stealth and combat+ Augmentations+ Solid story+ Overall a worthy prequel to the originalThe Bad:- Level design sometimes bland- Repetitive hacking- Final section of the game not so spectacularEither way, for the most rewarding and authentic experience I suggest to play Human Revolution with the most difficult settings and without any ingame help features as well. Also remember that there's always stillanotheroption for solving a problem in this fantastic game - consider all scenarios.9/10«Oh, and by the way, Jensen? I know you have gone through a lot of physical changes as of late, but you didn't become a woman. Stay out of the ladies restroom.»- Frank Pritchard"
,Recommended,238010,23002526,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Hau5test,"Even after years, this game remained one of my alltime favorites. Deus Ex: Human Revolution in the director's cut brings the base game and the DLC ""the missing link"" together in one game and delivers a good connection between the two content packages.With 3 different difficulties and even a new game + mode, this game also offers different ways to progress through the story with a lethal and also a pacifist playstyle. I just finished my pacifist run and was surprised in a positive way how the game supports my choice to finish the game, in being not too difficult and still holding my tension through choosing the right augmentations and the right time to activate them to continue unseen. Sometimes direct combat is still necessary so keep watching for ammo for the stun gun!Only thing I dislike is that there is no option to not kill the bosses in this game, but with the new director's cut  there are some more possibilites than just pure combat.Other than that, Deus Ex: Human Revolution is after all a great game, bringing up big questions about augmentations and the human nature, without being too pretentious."
,Recommended,238010,27784365,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,MGP,No Matter What games come out .. this will reamain My favorite one :p
76561197969859546,Recommended,238010,35475984,Posted: 4 October,all,BOOMxCHIKN,I asked for this
,Recommended,238010,7793309,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,YUNG_BOHEMIAN,more like gayus sex
76561198039305661,Recommended,238010,14453227,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,gunsaremagic,deus ex 2 This game is awesome  10/10 graphics and 10/10 for the rest  i give the same rating for deus ex 1 too but  maybe 7 for graphics but it didnt bother me
76561198254849528,Recommended,238010,33350807,Posted: 7 July,all,yyko430,Love it to the bones. It will forever remain on my computer.
,Recommended,238010,23949156,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,"Ares, God of War, Son of Zeus","I punched a guy through a wall and then snapped his neck, I then grabbed his friend's head and spun it by about 720 degrees.10/10"
,Not Recommended,238010,8379797,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,dumuh,"This game is okay I guess...Did I stutter? No, because I'm not this game.This game should watch the King's Speech because of how much it stutters."
,Recommended,238010,12718924,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Herr Wolf,10/10 its ok
,Not Recommended,238010,28774863,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Slick Rick,Is there someway we can buy the vanilla Deus Ex Human Revolution because this version runs very poorly
,Not Recommended,238010,8304632,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,CzechDeath,"the game corrupts save games, performance issues are the same as in normal DEHR... DLCs are seemlesly implemented, dont purchase unles very cheap."
,Not Recommended,238010,9823028,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Smokey,"I'm a big fan of the Deus Ex series. Human Revolution was a really worthy return to the Cyberpunk series.However I can't recommend this release at all. It's nothing more than an outsourced poorly realized package. Design choices in terms of the lighting were completely thrown out as just one example, another is just how incredibly buggy it is.The lighting that I refer to was a ""gold"" tint of perhaps Jensen's augmentations in first person and even indicative perhaps of a ""new renaissance"" thematically. This was in promotional footage, cases etc. There are other visual differences but this is the biggest. They completely ignored the original teams aesthetics and choices.If you were an unlucky soul that happened to have a PC which had both a dedicated and integrated video card the game wouldn't even launch. Nvidia users that the game actually worked for also reported unplayable performance on a wide variety of GPUs.The ""Director's Cut"" label is nothing more than a marketing con. It was outsourced and it shows with design choices of the original team ignored to the quality of the release altogether. I will treasure my original PS3 copy even more now due to the original release no longer being available on steam as this is not a definitive Deus Ex release, not even close.Edit/ This AWESOME person has made a small mod using Sweetfx making it possible to return HR a little to what it was.http://www.gamefaqs.com/boards/719090-deus-ex-human-revolution-directors-cut/67658785Doesn't fix everything but it is very welcome as I'm sure it is by a lot of other people."
,Recommended,238010,7569696,"Posted: 4 November, 2013",all,Tweed,"More game, better bosses, and less yellow. It's still amazing that this game somehow escaped being just another classic IP completely ruined by foolish publishers.One solid look at this game will show it was made by fans for fans who actually meant what they said about loving everything that made the original great, it also manages to marry common console gimmicks like cover and regenerating health into an enjoyable experience. Every obstacle can be over come in so many different ways and the xp/praxis system is an ideal compromise of the original Deus Ex's skill system and Invisible War's over simplification of augmentations.Callbacks, shout outs, and little details that refer to the original help cement this game's ties to Deus Ex while maintaining its own plotline dealing with transhumanisim and the ethics behind augmentation, this game wasn't just an excuse by Eidos to try to grab cash, it's a worthy prequel to one of the best games ever designed and it's been made that much better by dealing with the problems the original release had while integrating The Missing Link into one large seamless experience."
76561197974715662,Not Recommended,238010,26510015,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,MooseAbuse,"Not as clever as it thinks it is.  Story, graphics and world building are superb, but it just takes *forever* for anything to happen.  Play-any-way-you-like as long as it's stealth is also kind of off-putting.  Also, it's actually pretty linear.  Probably would've worked better as a series of discreet levels.  I can see how some people would absolutely fall in love with this game, but for me... you can pretty much play for two hours, watch the cutscenes /ending on youtube, and save yourself 40 hours."
,Recommended,238010,8980994,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,laD,Brock the Rock approves
76561198064571681,Recommended,238010,23927763,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,NicolaBelo,Just Buy this game
76561197988004955,Recommended,238010,26457263,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Magné,"This is an incredibly misleading game. By looking at the title, Deus Shrex, I thought it was going to be a sequel, or a reboot of the famous game of 1958 called Shrek Simulator 1958. It was quite okay and you had to defend your swamp from a guy called ""Player 1"" and always lost despite him not doing anything. This new game doesn't deliver expectations, but still turns out pretty awesome.So naturally you start off playing a guy called Adam Jensen, who doesn't seem like an ogre at all. All of your beloved characters are gone in favour of other non-ogre looking non-beloved characters. You also start somewhere that could have been your swamp if not for all of these towers, industrial buildings and cars and cops and I guess it could have never been your swamp in fact.Next thing you know you're forced to defend your non-swamp base or home or whatever from evil non-beloved non-ogre characters using highly violent ways like pressing a trigger on an automatic combat rifle to make bullets go rocketing towards your enemies destroying their vital internal organs. Now I know why they abandoned the Shrek concept.And that sets off a chain of events and sends your non-Shrek character on a globe-trotting adventure, where you continue to defeat enemies using loud and powerful weapons, beat-ups or by bypassing them entirely. This is sure not something I'd want in a Shrek game.And to add to all of that you can upgrade your non-ogre non-layered character in lots of different ways giving him abilities that all ogres have natively, so he might as well have been an ogre.Uh so I guess you should not come here for a Shrek Simulator, but rather for a sequel of the game Deus Ex which is a totally different thing, I  don't know why they didn't call it that."
76561198011965365,Recommended,238010,26577391,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Saint Aaron,"I did not finish this game as I'm not into stealth. That being said, the 3 hours I invested were thouroughly enjoyable and the games merrits were certainly appreciated. The gameplay was crisp, the visuals gave a great level of interest and painted the futuristic city well. The upgrade system was very rewarding and the story was interesting. Not my cup of tea but highly recomended to those who enjoy the genre"
,Recommended,238010,12643118,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Fish-E,14/10 please buy this game.
,Recommended,238010,24801956,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,TuningLegend,ROBOCOP interpreted by Keanu Reeves.ishPure Awesomeness!
,Recommended,238010,25165014,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Herr,"An angsty man with a slick fauxhawk has sunglasses super-glued to his face, becomes Robocop, and tries to save the world but fails miserably."
,Recommended,238010,10144783,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Uncle Phil,"This game is one of the best cyberpunk games you could play. A game that can suit your style of play: Going loud guns blazing? Stealthing around and doing as worst as knocking someone out. Or a mix of both. The story is great but can sometimes be hard to follow, but the big things stick. If you buy the directors cut BE VERY WEARY, the game crashes and freezes constantly if you are running on DirectX11 for some odd reason. If you can put up with it, ill recommend getting it, but if you can't, maybe spend your money on a different game. But know this... You'll be missing out on a lot. 7/10"
,Recommended,238010,34433427,Posted: 23 August,all,Adrian,Good
,Not Recommended,238010,25219200,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Distec,"Until EM fixes the game-breaking bugs towards the end of the game, I can't recommend a purchase. That's a shame, because this is an otherwise solid game.After completing 95% of the game with no issues, I experienced endless CTDs at various parts throughout the last level. After save-scumming my way to the VERY LAST ROOM (after beating the last boss) at the end of a week-long Pacifist playthrough, I find I can't enter the room and actually complete the game. No matter what options I try or features I disable, the game reliably crashes every time I step into it. From what I can see, there is no known fix to this problem outside of restoring to an earlier save, and the problem has been known since at least 2013."
,Recommended,238010,9646392,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Dart,"One of the best, most complete, well written games I've ever played."
,Recommended,238010,24959316,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Naani,just buy it dont waste time reading reviews
,Recommended,238010,15411013,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Winstontaneous,"Ever watch the Movie Repo Men and think.... ""Well that dystopia's not all that bad, unless you need artificial organs.""Well this game is kind of like that in a parallel universe. When the main hero, Adam Jensen gets blown half to hell by human ""purists"" who destroy an artificial limb laboratory where he is the chief of security, he wakes up 6 months later with badass implants that turn him into a one-man army. (Or assassin, if you looooove air ducts.)A lot of what you can do is just explore the world, and face the moral dilemma of whether humanity loses something with these artificial augments. However, they do show you more of a complete world than you actually are allowed to explore...Pros: Top notch voice acting, model and characters, animation, a well-written story. (Including morality choices and multiple interactions/outcomes.)Get the director's cut for bonus tracks of the creaters talking about the game (but turn the commentary off for your first playthrough)Cons: You can't go everywhere the game shows you - a lot of ""buildings"" will be in the skybox, away from exploration.The developers talk about it in the directors cut - they made the most out of a crappy engine and the crunch that came due to their launch deadline, but for what they had to work with, they still made a pretty good game.Still looking for a Repo Men easter egg.Score: 8/10 - definitely deserves mention among good games, especially for how well written and actualized its concept was."
,Recommended,238010,9648314,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Paper,Yep. This game's pretty gr8. I don't like videogames either. 10/10.
,Recommended,238010,13440278,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Serius_Sim,I can't wait for the movie.
76561198078292201,Recommended,238010,14535715,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Dragon Gostoso [BR],I never asked for this
76561197997829089,Not Recommended,238010,25876574,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Tinky,"Starts off with an interesting setting and great combat but slowly turns into a boring drag. The story is extremely dragged out to the point of crawlspeed. Nothing major or exciting happens AT ALL! The sneaking and killing gets old fast because that is the only thing this game is about. There is barely any side quests, the main areas are limited with only 2 or 3 people worth talking to, everything else is only there for you to find hidden stuff. I like to find the hidden stuff you get access to once you upgrade your abilities but that is the ONLY progress i ever felt i made in this game. All the enemies are clones, every enemy you kill have ONE voice actor. I feel sorry for the completionists because hacking in this game takes SO LONG and there is only ONE minigame for ALL the hacking. So when a room has 10 computers you better bring coffee! You like guns? Me too! Too bad because there barely is any in this game so not only will you will kill the same enemies and hack the same stuff over and over you have to use the same guns over and over as well! I came to the missing link part which was just a long linear shooting gallery until i couldnt continue no more out of boredom. I spent 20 hours in this game and the story is basically STILL where it started at. Yes, its that slow! It WAS fun in the beginning, good graphics, excellent gameplay and all but if nothing ever happens i will rather play an online shooter than this crap!"
,Recommended,238010,31626393,Posted: 8 May,all,C:aptain,I recommend this game
76561198126939378,Not Recommended,238010,15553078,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,DeputyGovernorOfSmiles,I find little to nothing enjoyable about this gameget it on a sale or stay away.
76561197974940308,Not Recommended,238010,10877075,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Dangit Bobby,"The director's cut is exactly the same game as the original, except that you can't complete the Motherly Ties quest. Don't buy this version of the game. You will be disappointed."
76561197992909722,Not Recommended,238010,10895515,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Reverend Ragu,"Deus Ex Human Revolution is a great game - a great game with an awful last act, one that brings down the rest of the game with it.  The DLC was ""okay"", but not essential by any stretch of the imagination.The Director's Cut is a mess.First of all, the performance. In the original, standalone game, there were initially some performance issues - periodic frame hiccups when the game streams area data if you were lucky, low framerate across the board if you weren't.  They fixed this, and the standalone game runs beautifully now.  The Directors Cut is not based on the most recent version, like you would expect.  The awful framerate and obnoxious frame hiccups are back, and it doesn't look like Squeenix has any intention of fixing this.There are some registry settings you can change to make the performance ""better"", but if you've already got the original version (which is, sadly, no longer sold), there's virtually no reason to bother with the Director's Cut.  All the Director's Cut does is cram the game, the pre-order garbage, and the DLC together haphazardly, and gives you a few more options against the bosses.  The latter addition is very much welcome, as you can actually focus on a non-combat build if you'd like now, but the former makes the concept of a ""build"" even more laughably irrelevant.The original game had this problem where, after a certain point, you're so stocked with abilities that there is nothing off limits to you.  A bad fighter isn't forced to hack - because you're a killing machine.  And a bad hacker isn't forced to fight - because you're a hax0r par excellence.  Plus you can jump around and throw dumpsters and go invisible.  It defeats the purpose of the game's open-ended design, where your ability choices will be helpful in some situations and a liability in others, so that you try and find a way to avoid those disadvantageous situations.Since they duct taped the DLC on, this problem is even worse.  Yes, you still lose all your equipment and abilities at the start of the DLC, but at the end you get all your equipment back and a load of praxis equalling the amount you entered the DLC area with, meaning by the end of the game you're completely maxed out.  It makes the Singapore area a joke, and it makes the final area...  well, the final area is completely worthless any way you slice it.Deus Ex Human Revolution is one of the better big budget AAA games of the last several years - it has its issues, but it's definitely worth playing.  The Director's Cut is not.  Avoid."
,Not Recommended,238010,13342033,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Aphyxia,"A broken port from the Wii U. New game+ and better boss fights are not worth worse graphics, worse framerate, frequent crashes and gamebreaking bugs. Buy the original."
,Recommended,238010,16816875,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,m d 5,I never asked for this.Price 4.99€ with discount.Not different from the original.Masterpiece edition.
,Recommended,238010,24794387,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Donald Trump,"Is it a good game? Yes.Is it as great as the first game? Probably not.If you compare the original Deus Ex to games of the same era, it is easily the game of the year.But the same does not hold true for DX:HR.To me DX:HR is more like cosmetic upgrades from the original Deus Ex, better graphics, musics etc. It does retain the core gameplay mechanics, but it is lacking something revolutionary like the original one when it first came out in 2000.Despite that I'm greatly disappointed (maybe I just expected too much from a Deus Ex title), I'd still recommend this game for its high quality production and DX-like gameplay."
76561198022912575,Recommended,238010,25598084,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Milo_Yiannopoulos,E-mail Reading Simulator 2013
,Recommended,238010,10153529,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,[SS][AA][TGK]Game Breaker,"Great Game,well made,omptimized visuals and audio.No lag with a laptop like mine who gets lag from a game like Bioshock Infinite with the lowest settings.Overall great game!"
,Recommended,238010,24835614,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,JayAllDay91,It stays true to its roots but also adds alot to series. A good starting point for people interested in Deus Ex.
,Recommended,238010,30608554,Posted: 18 March,all,AmaroK,"Some review guy said:""Very good plot with decisions/choices, it's better to go stealth mode, aiming is a nightmare""I said:Are you ♥♥♥♥♥e? Kill them all!"
76561198081381262,Recommended,238010,10414868,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Eugine,just perfect. great fun molesting little kids in the game really get the real life feeling of ra!pe. Must buy would re ra!pe all the children again. 3/10
76561198043161293,Recommended,238010,22945786,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Z0011,Recomended.
76561198140730866,Recommended,238010,25084193,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Disco.Castle,"""IM IN"""
76561198182179806,Recommended,238010,25087242,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Sunbro,bes geym. first game that i played in the series and it got me interested in the story
,Recommended,238010,7761068,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,tomk,perfect game. 4/5
,Recommended,238010,24439044,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Zatrael,took a tranq gun and a sniper to a boss fightdidn't go well10/10 would do it again
,Recommended,238010,23047143,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,humanvegetableonline2002,I asked for this.
76561198216253359,Recommended,238010,32155564,Posted: 3 June,all,Lord.G,"I can't say how much I love itIt is not as good as GTA or Elder scroll,but it must be one of the best Cyberpunk games though compare to traditional cyberpunk it adds in some renaissance elements which make it contain more religious meaningsIf anyone have finish this game, I recommend the official fiction ""Icarus effect"" and the book ""A brief history of the future""May the evolution break wings of Adam Jansen."
,Recommended,238010,25062492,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,dextergb,"TL;DR: Buy this game if you like stealth but not as much stealth as Dishonored or Thief.PROS:-fun and lots of augmentations-feels like a rpg-many ways of beating the game and the levels-side quests-choices matter-the director's cut improves the graphics quite a bitCONS:-not that great of a story-extremely limited areas to explore (Detroit/Shanghai)-slowly turns into an ""I cannot wait for this to be over"" type of game"
,Recommended,238010,29960499,Posted: 16 February,all,Mentalmanja,Mass Effect meets Hitman. What's not to like.
,Recommended,238010,20780759,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Vaalvehl3,gd
,Recommended,238010,23866546,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Katarn1138,I love the Deus Ex franchise. The very first game is one of my all time favorite games. And this game is on the same pantheon. I've played through it now four times (3 times on Xbox 360 and currently on the PC) and I still enjoy it immensely. I have never been more immersed in an universe. I could spend the whole game reading just emails to get a glimpse into the life of people I will never meet or see. The gameplay for stealth players is very rewarding and satisifying. For people going the action route might not enjoy the controls and the game doesn't really lend itself to the shooter norm. I can not wait for the Mankind Divided.
,Recommended,238010,33116636,Posted: 1 July,all,stretcher Z4,Deus Ex: Human Revolution
,Recommended,238010,21242199,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Ninja_Muffin2.4,It's like Skyrim with cyborgs
76561198119827324,Not Recommended,238010,10166102,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,WheresMyMommy,"I have a Mac Book Pro with all the requirements, but when I press play, it shows the first screen for literally half a second and then quits back to my library.  It doesn't even tell me ""the application quit unexpectedly"".  I can't even play it, which is too bad because I was literally up all night waiting for it to download, I was so excited to play it!  Please fix it, I'm practically heartbroken!!!! :("
,Recommended,238010,12502997,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,MallardKing,Let's go all sneaky deaky like.
,Recommended,238010,31519165,Posted: 2 May,all,Jonttunen,I would say it's pretty good.
,Recommended,238010,34637707,Posted: 31 August,all,Maxine,"As good as a sequel to one of the greatest video games of all time can be.The Director's Cut is definitely worth it, but the addition of the game's Missing Link DLC in the middle of the storyline screws with the overall pacing a little, and the game doesn't look quite right with its obnoxious orange tint toned down... Still, it's the best bang for your buck, and the other enhancements it brings makes it worth picking up over the original version."
,Recommended,238010,15457801,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,𝖓𝖊𝖎𝖌𝖍𝖇𝖔𝖚𝖗,My name Jeff
,Recommended,238010,8954161,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Free-range Jimmy a.k.a. BIG PAPI,idk it crashed when i tabbed out before saving was even an optioni didn't ask for this/5
,Recommended,238010,33219762,Posted: 4 July,all,A Penguin,"I never left a review for this game, like many others who have purchased it or recieved it as a gift.But this game is genuinely really good. It might be a bit short of a showcase, but if you can get into the story there are multiple routes and ways you can play. Stealthy, Loud, Good, Evil, Neutral, etc. It's really all up to you. No pre-determined storyline much, except for well your job and determination basically. Lot of side contact to do as well. :)Multiple shops and such. You can buy and sell meds, guns, ammo, even armor and upgrades and stuff.I don't really have any complaints other than it feels short once you complete it, even tho it personally felt like it would never end. Now I'm off to play New Game+++ Peace out! Hope this changes your mind!"
,Recommended,238010,7762011,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,cboy2332,I love the audio commentary! I reeeeealy love that!
76561198033470545,Recommended,238010,23907589,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,C. Viper,"Great FPS combat with RPG elements, with a beautiful environment."
76561198071421958,Recommended,238010,14973738,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,eternal jape,"It's fallout, counter strike, and so original that's all I can compare it to.Oh, the proxis thing is kinda like prototype, but that's it.Best story, best gameplay, best voice acting.No other protagonist I'd like to be as in this kind of setting.Amazing game, impresses me.Not a forgettable story, this story is amazing."
,Recommended,238010,21156634,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,S7.RainbowDash,"Really fun game, got me 25 hours for 10$, *12 endings, making you think, allows for all sneak/no casualty or all out guns blazing, as many side quest and things to do on the side for those of you who love to hunt for stuff."
,Recommended,238010,11773797,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Tidreit,"This game is brill of the original, but the directors cut was just a bit buggy due to it being put all together."
,Recommended,238010,10920122,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Inquisitioner,I never asked for this director's cut.
76561198182753941,Recommended,238010,27276624,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Katy Perry,"Nominate this for the ""I didnt ask for this"" award"
,Recommended,238010,12298290,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Baka,You can read my review on original Deus Ex HR. Awesome game.But... no russian language? My life is done... ;w;
76561198116409107,Recommended,238010,12559068,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,The Squaatman,great action sequences. the side conversations alone are well worth your money
76561198062158522,Recommended,238010,34562846,Posted: 28 August,all,Zeruks,Loved it. 10/10
,Recommended,238010,24910495,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,gitburger,Simply put its f#cking awesome!! If you love stealth this is the game for u.
,Recommended,238010,27801950,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Tiffy,very good game
,Recommended,238010,12812216,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,ultimaatti,"One of the best games ever! Gameplay feels good, controls are just right, no glitches and bugs, but you should change cover settings to toggle, or was it hold, i don't remember :D Anyway, this game has awesome story, it's like, more you progress you get deeper and deeper to things you aren't supposed to know and in the end... THERE'S THE FREAKING ILLUMINATI (Not kidding, it's THE ILLUMINATI).Pros:- Awesome story- Good gameplay- Not much glitches and bugsCons:- Most levels too easy, bosses too hard.- How can i turn the Missing Link DLC levels of?!- In the end when you talk to that one guy in the (spoiler spoiler spoiler, spoiler) you cannot agree to what he says, when i actually do.Neutral:-You run out of ammo easily and gunstores are hard to find and have low amounts of ammo. Good because it brings sense of danger and froces you to do missions because you get ammo from killing enemies. Bad because running out of ammo is annoying."
,Recommended,238010,18516424,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,ThatRadioGeek,"I thought this game would never end. It's a great game - Deus Ex is the quintessential cyberpunk stealth franchise - but there were parts of this game that just felt like it was being dragged on and on for no real reason. On the plus side, it's got loads of fun augments, good stealth mechanics, challenging gameplay, and an excellent storyline."
,Recommended,238010,35091184,Posted: 20 September,all,Frankie,game about murdering zipperheads and noodle♥♥♥♥s
,Recommended,238010,10708298,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Sponge Platinum,"Deus Ex: Human Revolution is a game that combines stealth, hacking, and superhuman abilities almost flawlessly. Cybernetic augmentations can be purchased that improve everything from landing with no fall damage to invisibility. If you intend to play a bit less pacifistic, there are also upgrades for armor and a 360-degree explosive attack. For those that choose the peaceful route, a combination of hacking (cameras, turrets, robots, doors) and vent-crawling will allow you to succeed all the same. When first playing, it is advisable to consult an online game guide to learn the ins and outs of basic gameplay and for Side Quest and achievement guides. To meet this need, I have compiled my knowledge on the game.http://steamcommunity.com/id/torik0/myworkshopfiles/?section=guides&appid=238010EDIT: 'Factory Zero' achievement is a b**ch."
,Recommended,238010,7485335,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,mindblaster42,good as the First One
76561198045435437,Recommended,238010,10851741,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Barrera Jose,"Amazing storyline, playable multiple times as it caters to all play styles !"
76561197991562803,Recommended,238010,10166086,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Zero3606,AAAmazing game and great price!!! If you love games with great stories and defined gameplay this game is for you.....
,Recommended,238010,10170388,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,franklingoad,"This is the game that got me into shooting games, yeah took me till Deus Ex to understand it, lol. But Great Game!! I want more!"
76561198044034533,Recommended,238010,10172266,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Dr. Octagon,"This game is so yellow, that it makes me puke rainbows.  9/10"
76561198038985185,Recommended,238010,10175881,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,IPrayForDeath,"Damnit this game is GOOD openworld, futuristic rpg. Filled with secrets to find via hacking or exploring and an awesome story i would really reccomend this!"
76561198123927334,Recommended,238010,10182337,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,xgearcommander,Love it!?!
76561198053671478,Recommended,238010,8545019,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Alcapwn,"Strong story, decent voice acting and well executed combat and stealth systems. Lots of choice to your approach thoughout the various missions and your decisions seem to actually have in impact. Only minior gripe was the agument/upgrade system which often didnt make logical sense. ie i can only knock someone out if i have a energy bar? dont i have robot arms already? have to upgrade your legs so you dont die from dropping a single story etc. some things just should be a givin if im mostly machine."
,Recommended,238010,10825933,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Psyler,Nice game to play.
76561198005620772,Not Recommended,238010,17521240,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,thrythlind,"Save yourself a little money and purchase the normal version.  The Missing Link DLC is a weak storyline that is sort of hamfistedly inserted into the overal story. Without spoilers, I'll just say that it is painfully obvious just where they decide to insert the story.  Both the lead in and the lead out back to the main storyline are inexpertly handled and the DLC story itself has at least one story-choice moment that is very clearly forced.Purchase the normal game, play the normal story."
,Not Recommended,238010,17090447,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,doctorb,"Quite♥♥♥♥♥♥The ai in this game is terrible. They don't seem or act human at all. They won't look for cover and will just stand out in the open endlessly shooting you and then once they decide they can't find you they all slowly start to walk over to you in a single file line. Want a tip? Hide behind whatever box and wait for the enemy to come around the corner and then melee him, even though in the animation Jensen will walk out into the open you will still remain hidden because as we all know, the world freezes in cutscenes. (it does this). Enemies will sometimes not even shoot towards you when they know where you are, if they see you hide behind something and are close enough to see you hide the enemy will jolt to his left or right and start shooting in that direction for whatever reason.But I guess the good stuff should be mentioned. The story is decent, not quite original deus ex quality but still alright. The hacking minigames are fun enough and it is quite interesting to hack into computers and stuff and read about people. The side quests are fun as well and they keep you occupied. The upgrading system is also quite good, but I feel these things don't get the game a free pass. The AI is♥♥♥♥♥♥and easily exploitable, I feel this takes away from the immersion and ruins the game. If you like games just for stories buy it, if you like games to have good gameplay as well as stories, don't buy it."
,Recommended,238010,18257389,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Thadrei,"Basically a detective with the same voice from the previous game (and also the previous on (also the other one (and the newest dlc one or whatever))) does the same♥♥♥♥♥♥and takes down some private military that you don't even learn about, still more rewarding than buying sakura spirit and seeing no boobs WHEN YOU WERE PROMISED BOOBS!!!"
,Not Recommended,238010,14157562,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Hunster,The worst version of the best RPG that will be released in the next 10 years.Buy the non-directors cut version and never look at this again.
76561198076584167,Recommended,238010,9686418,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,rain,Devs please fix frame shuttering 9/10
,Not Recommended,238010,18582843,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,John,It's wack
,Recommended,238010,18290148,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Joseph Bentley,A amazing stealth action games with boss fight that are finr but can use some work but its a 10/10 game enjoy
76561198159031237,Recommended,238010,16177336,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,AbusiveDaddy69,10/10
76561198109741779,Recommended,238010,9382911,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,josephrand81,it wont become full screen
,Recommended,238010,9414560,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Gwynbleidd,!
,Recommended,238010,10201692,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Jeroen DD,Awsome game!love it that the game ends diferently according to your choices
76561197973059714,Recommended,238010,10364055,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Naein,A few years old but still a great game.
76561197997856891,Not Recommended,238010,15807375,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,shadar,"This game is horrible.  Sloppy controls that continuously lag, making firefights frustrating at best.  Plot is boring and so drawn out that you hope the game ends, yet it just keeps on going.  I should just erase it off of my system and look up the ending on Youtube."
76561198022900851,Recommended,238010,13869498,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Derzhybok,"This game is by far the most intelligent and interesting to play in the past five years. Although it doesn`t have atmosphere introduced in the original game, those not familiar with the universe can certainly be very delighted with HR`s story, characters and world.However, it is gamplay that is the greatest thing in the game. Both stealth and shooting were made as good as possible for the release date. You don`t follow script writers, you make the game the kind you want it to be of.As for Director`s Cut, I can`t say anything, cause my computer is not powerful enough to estimate graphics advancement."
76561198025191112,Not Recommended,238010,15191600,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,endi,+graphics and design+feeling-bad as shooter-stupid boss fights
,Recommended,238010,8465010,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Dex,Quite literally the best single player experience I have played in years.
,Recommended,238010,13045290,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Kendrick Lamario,"Great stealth game, reminds me a bit of Metal Gear Solid with RPG elements."
76561198001524071,Recommended,238010,9647458,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,PoPPaPork,its amazing how much work went into this game!
,Not Recommended,238010,14043042,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,stephenjbell,Crashes repeatedly on Late 2013 Retina Macbook Pro. Unplayable.
76561198041660082,Recommended,238010,14331746,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Adeem,This game is top kek. My favorite part is when you do stuff with the bionic implants.
,Recommended,238010,14715575,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Aerilyth,I don't know I like it I guess.
,Recommended,238010,14721573,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,ZakKa!,Get the original since this one really screws with the visual style of the game
,Recommended,238010,15095213,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,⎛⎝dowutevadaFUCKyouwannado⎠⎞,"Should you get this game? Well, it reminds me of Bioshock infinite somehow, so yes 10/10."
76561198055050305,Recommended,238010,13287373,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,walrein16,One of the best game i've have ever played
76561198181349818,Recommended,238010,19328097,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,c0nfusi0n,Amazing Game played it over and over
76561198227700288,Recommended,238010,19176614,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Horny[S]olar,GOOD10/10
,Recommended,238010,13785693,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Matto is a Skeleton,"I'm to lazy to write an actual review, so i'll just say this.It's a good game."
76561198130369091,Not Recommended,238010,18003067,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,EGhapee,FIX THE GLITCHES. NOT COOL.
76561197980375042,Recommended,238010,7474658,"Posted: 25 October, 2013",all,Shlomo Shekelstein,GOAT
,Recommended,238010,11422917,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Apheon,"I AM BECOME JENSEN,RASPY OF VOICE,AND ROBOT OF♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198107422983,Recommended,238010,22903021,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Lons O))),"This game succedes at being great in whatever way one would play it, stealthy, rambo-like or, like I did, whatever suited the situation best. At first it didn't impress me too much, but as the story progressed it really started to hook me, thanks to the gameplay getting more entertaining as I gained experience and equipment but most of all to the gripping narrative, that gets more and more engaging as you get through the final chapters.It hasn't got much of a replayability factor, but on my first run with a good amount of looking around and sidequesting I clocked 25 hours, which for today's standards is astonishing.Also, this game makes you think. It WILL make you question something you thought undeniable."
,Recommended,238010,10882731,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,RoboitoAM,Adam Jensen sure can dance
,Recommended,238010,14529822,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,GodSmite7,I never ask for this
76561198006432208,Recommended,238010,14570285,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Abdelhazred,"Killing everybody isn't necessary, just advisibly fun.This game is loads of enjoyment. It has a rich story and plenty of places to explore; things to see or read. The firearms and abilities also help drive the game and in some small way, it's story.My only criticisms are the sheer number of clichés and predictable ""twists"", and that the endings felt a little cluttered and unresolved."
76561198086600547,Not Recommended,238010,14398834,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,"I have 2 bullet, and a dream",The storylines are interesting but the gameplay is horrible. Rigid gameplays horrible choices of weapons. limited options such as hold iron sight. Does not have a smooth frame. When you run it gets choppy. I would love some other company take this game in and fix the gameplay. Yeah its that horrible. I was litterally going to puke. Worst Company Made Game Ever
76561198069548459,Not Recommended,238010,14325299,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Ntest,"Human revolution is a great game. But this ""director's cut"" is a complete disaster. Performance issues cause the game to become unplayable. I loved regular version and my machine ran on high details 1080p without a single drop below 30fps. But the director's cut runs mostly below 30fps. Seriously?! The exact same graphics."
76561198098646568,Not Recommended,238010,14399820,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,{MGoCG}Pandafunkey809,"♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME. Regardless of whether or not is ot good or bad, the problem is that IT WON'T LET ME ♥♥♥♥ING PLAY IT FOR MORE THAN 10 OR 20 SECONDS BEFORE CRASHING; and if that wasn't bad enough, I contacted square enix support for help AND THEY GAVE ME THE STUPID IT-ISN'T-OUR-PROBLEM ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T AND THE YOU'RE-OBVIOUSLY-DOING-EVERYTHING-WRONG ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T. I can now see why everyone gives square-enix games at best a 9/10 instead of 10/10 just for the fact that it is square enix and usually a much worse score for doing what square enix seems to love to do, take something good and leave it with asinine problems that aren't ridiculously major for the ""majority"" of the public."
,Not Recommended,238010,15693182,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,▃▄▅▆Steven▆▅▄▃,this game is bugged ... cant finish a ♥♥♥♥ing level ...
,Not Recommended,238010,13821927,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,FilthyC4su4l,My first Deus Ex game. Sadly the bugs have made a salty taste. Eidos is not treating the Deus Ex series with any respect. Your best bet is to buy an older version of this game. Maybe the older Deus Ex.
,Recommended,238010,7607204,"Posted: 8 November, 2013",all,guniv,"Deus Ex: Human Revolution is a really great game with good gameplay and an amazing story. The ""Director's Cut"" additions add the Missing Link DLC and commentary, along with a couple other things. These aren't as great as they could be. The integration and quality of the commentary is a little poor to be honest, and could be better. The commentary is pretty insightful though, but leaves you a little disappointed because a lot of it is talking about how they cut stuff from the game such as Upper Hengsha, a Bangalore city hub, more missions, and lots of other bits and pieces.If you have DX:HR already, you should buy this because it's 5 or 10 dollars (depending if you have Missing Link or not) and why not.If you don't have DX:HR, you should ABSOLUTELY buy this for an amazing game that is still one of my favorites years later.Also, newgame+ is probably going to be one of my favorite features, but I haven't had a chance to try it yet. When you start a new game, you keep your augs from a previous playthrough. Great idea."
,Recommended,238010,8413345,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Shyalaman,It seems like a futuristic Bioshock but you get thrown into something you don't fully understand maybe there's a pre- or sequel of this game that I'm not aware of !
,Recommended,238010,8389329,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,GeefTheReef™ §The Healthy Choice,good
76561198033563761,Recommended,238010,24467402,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Mamasaidspockyouout,"Deus Ex is one of my favorite series and Human Revolution is an amazing prequel to the Original. I really liked all the references to the events that would transpire in the original. I really enjoy the combat mechanics, but I love to play stealthy.  I liked the take downs and the hacking minigame is fun. Story is great, but there is not as much impact from player choices as I was hoping for."
,Recommended,238010,24479441,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Jacknurse,"Good game. Not all I hoped it would be, but still good.I hope they can get around remaking Deus Ex and Invisible War eventually to have this level of graphic and gameplay quality. So long as they retroactively upgrade the mech-tech of Gunther and Navarre (unfortunately cyberpunk was given the boot in this game, so for continuity they'll need to retcon some things), and they remove the omni-ammo from Invisible War (that was dumb)."
76561197982565433,Recommended,238010,24493646,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,ruwagrong,"very good game. Brings back everything good from the original, along with an awsome soundtrack makes this a great successor to deus ex franchise. Awsome game for studio first."
76561198096418610,Recommended,238010,24509320,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Novahyper,This game is awesome its like a metal gear game but you can kill and do side quests and hub worlds
76561197972445885,Recommended,238010,24509576,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Father Time,"Awesome game that lets you play the way you want to: violent or silent. If you don't like this game, I don't like you...haha."
,Recommended,238010,24530636,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Reeze The Vampire,"Deus Ex: Human Revolution is just a really neat game. It has a nice upgrade system, nice graphics (other than the♥♥♥♥♥♥poor lighting), and a good story set up in a fantastic world. With a plausible plot, interesting characters, cool twists, and even cooler world building, this is definately a memerable game. I highly recommend playing it at least twice. I beat the original version through probably three times."
,Recommended,238010,24539928,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Deathsper,"With challenge, entertaining gameplay, tons of replay value, many ways to play, a protagonist that's Batman mixed with the Six Million Dollar Man and Robocop, and a fantastically told story built around a concept that questions what it means to be human, Deus Ex: Human Revolution - Director's Cut is a masterwork, and one of my favorite games, with a few downsides. The boss battles are cheap and too punishing for a stealth-focused game, and I didn't care for how limitingThe Missing LinkDLC was, forcing you into one playstyle while all the rest of the base game, save for the boss battles, allowed the choice to be yours in how you go about tackling a situation. All in all, there is no reason you shouldn't buy this.I never asked for this, but I got something awesome anyway."
,Recommended,238010,24551276,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Fbritannia,"I absolutely love this game. The gameplay is fantastic and the stealth mechanics are pretty interesting, yet if you want to try a combat build it also works very world. The subquests are very interesting and have you doing very different and interesting stuff. Each level is marvellously designed with multiple ways to traverse it, and accomplish your objectives. And the world is full of interesting characters and lore, plus the main story is pretty solid, nothing fantastic, but very interesting. The game looks pretty good, even in low graphics, and it overall feels good to play. My only problem with this game is that the enemy A.I. can be a bit stupid sometimes and there are some boss battles that many people complain about, with this directors cut it allows stealth ways to take the bosses down, which makes their fights more interesting, but they still feel very out of place. Over all a fantastic game, which I'd recommend to any stealth or sci-fi fans."
76561198047440452,Recommended,238010,24553683,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Old Cat 🐱,"Too bad I never had a chance to use those cool looking handblades in the game, aside from cutscenes."
76561198239262256,Recommended,238010,24100432,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,^Donny n1^mySelf.nO.Skill?,11\10 Best game^^
,Recommended,238010,24103603,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Blood Prince,best vent sim ever. highly recommended if you like a choice game between good or evil combined with stealth and hacking
76561198209322847,Recommended,238010,24119362,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,91gtabird,Amazing game!
76561198264283196,Recommended,238010,24140443,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,emma-a,"This game feels really in spirit with the original Deus Ex - gameplay and storyline. There's even several nods to the original game, right down to snippets of the soundtrack.Very enjoyable stealth elements, you can even play most of the game as a pacifist with various non-lethal ways to stop enemies. I particularly enjoy the up-close takedown, allows you to knock someone unconcious without having to automatically kill them like in most games. The stealth also adds a somewhat strategic element to the game, which fits in with the way Deus Ex has always offered multiple options to complete goals. There are also some basic choice-and-consequence elements, but those are fairly minimal. It's all about your style of gameplay - stealth or destruction. For me, the stealth was a very refreshing change from the usual murder-fest of most RPGs.What I enjoyed a lot was the story. It lags in the middle during the China sequences, where you're using the same neighbourhoods over and over. However, once past that section, it doesn't happen again and you start to really experience Adam's growing frustration and desperation with trying to save Megan. Adam's a great character and he's a lot of fun to play. The mini-cutscenes on the takedowns are awesome.As always with Deus Ex, there's the discussion of the ethics of augmentation, and it's an interesting element to the storyline, even providing books which discuss the subject.A very good continuation of Deus Ex. It's not perfect, some areas are repetitive, and the bosses are easily defeated. However, it's a great game and it's got a lot of great features, and there's a lot of options which engage you, deciding how to tackle different problems. The storyline's very good, especially concerning Adam, even if the ending's a little unsatisfactory - there's a female person in particular I'd really like to have another conversation with, on Adam's behalf. Very smooth gameplay, didn't have a single issue. I'm very happy to see Adam's in Mankind Divided, I've grown quite attached to him.Definitely recommend it, I really enjoyed it."
76561198052417575,Recommended,238010,24143985,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Oleshka,"This game has a strong story that keeps you in the game for hours.Story+freedom of actions+character=100% masterpiece. Even my grandpa approves, though he is not so into games :)Ok, if you have not played this game before, what a lucky dude you're! Now you have all time to enjoy and get the first ''wow'' :) That's what happened to me during first playthrough, hundreds of wows."
,Recommended,238010,24144467,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,SinglePlayerGod,"Yes, yes, YES"
,Recommended,238010,24147561,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,M0rph3u5,"This is one of the best games of all times and one of the most underrated games. Great story, animation, graphics, gameplay and skill tree. Oh and the music/OST is another thing. It took me about 73 hours to complete the game, finishing the side missions and often replaying bits of the game differently, it has great  replayability .. Love it and will be looking forward to the new release (Mankind Divided)"
76561198132933482,Recommended,238010,24152771,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,wWw,i bereif it issa good game.
,Recommended,238010,24170882,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,FoxTwo,"Punch him silently into ""sleep"" or slit his throat and have everyone for miles hear it? This game is a great example of not only your choices building the world around you into a place every build handles differently, but also of amazing atmosphere. Turn your graphics up all the way, turn the lights off, and put on really good headphones. This one is a keeper."
,Recommended,238010,24185789,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,prop,Haven't taken so long just to beat the story in a game before but every minute was intriguing and addicting.
,Recommended,238010,24224800,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,The Red Menace,"You don't ""fix"" a firewall."
,Recommended,238010,25112786,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,seyferseed,"There is two things I didn't like in this game.1. Too yellow. I mean a lot of yellow color around, anywhere inside buildings, outside, in interface. Color pallete in general too dark. I would like to see more white instead of yellow.2. Boring quests. I have stopped playing game when I was in this China town and there was quests like go there, speak with some NPC, then go to another corner of city with climbing to roofs and through ventilation tubes, than go back. Very boring.But idea is good. Fighting system, stealth gameplay and idea of leveling is interesting.6/10 for me."
76561198046361278,Recommended,238010,25126798,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,pertti eräreikä,Great game which unfortunately runs bad. Totally worth it though unless your pc is a potato
76561198120620687,Recommended,238010,25127028,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,ScootieMcBooty,"So let's get one thing clear, is it perfect? No, not exactly. Along side a few glitches that are rather annoying, but not game-breaking, combat seems a tad generic. I've found myself many a times taking cover, lining up an easy shot, and quickly popping headshots left and right without taking damage. Making things unnaturally easy.But other than that, if you enjoy a good variety of various combat styles, I'd highly reccomend this game, as it not only allows you to go full on guns blazing, killing everyone (including civilians with little to no consequence..), you also have the ability to become a ghost, avoiding combat all together (except for bosses of course), and you can do everything in between as well.My first playthrough was a mix of stealth and assault, where I'd kill those who stood in my way, and those who could be completely avoided, I did so. I definitely feel that this game has a lot of choice, not only in your choice on combat, but heavy moral choices as well.When it comes to the moral choices of the game, it can be a little generic (for today's standards) being the simple ""So and so did this, but for what he precieves to be a good reason; should I choose option 'A' where it allows him to get off scott free, or option 'b' where I tunr him in, etc. etc. (this was a hypothetical situation, while there may be somthing similar to it in game, the one I've stated was falsified to bring forth a point).Also, staying on the subject of morality, it doesn't seem that the moral choices you make at arbitrary times, like one point where you're forced to choose between one of two (techiqally 3) choices (no spoilers, but those who have played it, should know what I'm talking about.) I thought this choice would be optimal for the overall ending I get, but instead it seemed to not make a difference at all.When it comes to the glitches though, it's not so much bad things, but mostly just graphical twitches when in dialog with another character. Like one moment they'll be looking at me, then they do a nice T-pose and look the other way. Other than that, I haven't experienced any severe glitches.Overall I'd have to rate this game a solid 8.5/10, simply because of the seemingly arbitrary moral choices that overall don't mean anything. I will definitely be playing this game more over time.Definitely worth a buy."
76561198083226857,Recommended,238010,23889600,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Positive Mental Attitude,"""Guards noob, vent my beaatch."""
,Recommended,238010,23909100,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Aven,It's a great cyber-punk RPG.Personal Score: 9.6/10
,Recommended,238010,23917103,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,hongshuyao,A must-have.
76561198079399469,Recommended,238010,23922776,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Makpoc,So far the game is pretty fun to play. It seems stealt is basically required on higher difficulty levels.
,Recommended,238010,23925722,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,BigMidg3t,"Played the first mission up to 99 minutes.Further than that was impossible, because the game kept crashing whenever I started it.Tried to find a way to fix it, but didnt work.Gladly I got it refunded after all.But the game is actually really nice, eventhough I just played the first mission, as mentioned above.Maybe you are lucky and it won't crash, so for 4,99€ you should still give it a shot"
,Recommended,238010,23941313,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Hom Tanks,"Having beat the original, Non-Director's Cut (the better one anyway), it is insane to me how simple and complicated this game can be; all good factors. Simple in the sense of navigation throughout the cities in Hong-Kong and Detroit and complicated in how you can approach a mission in stealth or balls to the wall action.I also need to add that I get a HUGE feel of Vampire: The Masquerade Bloodlines from this. I cant help but feel like they were influenced when you roam about in these cities and choose side quests and dialogue options. There is even a persuasion option which is really handy and actually feels like you are cutting through butter in terms of personality and behavior.The combat includes gunplay with hiding behind cover in third person. Shooting outside of cover is definitely an option but I would not recommend on higher difficulties. The stealth mechanic is really nice and I love the takedowns with just the tap of a button.Multiple upgrades on your character from immunity to falling from great heights to hacking terminals faster, gives you a greater sense in how you approach missions by finding shortcuts that are supplemental to your upgrade choices.I LOVE THIS!All in all, the game is great and if you can, get the original somewhere. If not, The Director's Cut is decent enough.It's one of those games that you will not realize time passes you by."
76561197998862806,Recommended,238010,23945856,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Impergius,Great game with a return to form for the Deus Ex franchise
76561198027973635,Recommended,238010,23948921,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Intimacy,Good game. Well-optimized.
76561198063532836,Recommended,238010,23962583,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Durhammer,Easily one of if not my favorite game and arguably one of the best games of its kind.
,Recommended,238010,23970119,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,<-- WEEABOO FUCCBOIZ -->,"Deus Ex: Human Revolution puts the player in the scientific future of 2027. Adam Jensen is the head of security at Sarif Industries, a biotech corporation specializing in human augmentation. Six months after an attack left many scientests dead, Adam wakes up with a large ammount of augemtations implanted to save his live. Adam must travel around the world in search of clues to find out about the attackers at Sarif. The gameplay is truly exelent. It is a stealth game where you can choose to kill or pacify your foes, take many different routes, and use Adam's augmentations to give yourself an advantage. The game is about 25 hours long, so it is definetly worth the price that comes with it. Deus Ex: Mankind Divided is just months away, and nobody can wait for more stealthy, multi-route action."
,Recommended,238010,23982837,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,<OASE> Aqua,"Really awesome action, RPG game that allows the player to play it as he/she wants it to: make decision of which missions you want to complete, what you want to say, play through levels stealthly or just blast through. Many possibilities in a flexibel cyberpunk game that will get you concerned about the future of biotechnologies."
76561198141650110,Recommended,238010,24835908,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,JC Denton,"Pros-Atmosphere-Music-Depth and breadth-Hacking minigame-CeilingsCons-Bosses suck-Megan's shoulders look glitched-EndingAlmost lives up to the original game, but doesn't give as much of a feeling of choice throughout the plot. Lots of optional side-quests try to replace this, but don't give you the same feeling of your choices impacting the plot. Combat is poorly balanced, but the AI is less exploitable than the original. Physics is pretty good; falling and fall damage are the most realistic of any game I've played."
76561198043945040,Recommended,238010,24839786,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,UltimateNobody,"There is nothing not to like about this game !! Brilliant in every aspect. You have multiple ways to handle any given mission. This includes multiple paths, whether you hack, break, jump, sneak or shoot your way in. Also, you can go lethal or non-lethal whenever and however you choose (Going the entire game without killing anyone is hard). Also, when talking to people, there is multiple paths to take and ways to handle the situation.The rpg effect is real, and the upgrading system (upgrading your augs) is really awesome and helps you tailor the way you want to play. The way you handle missions is entirely up to you. The story starts out as the normal revenge storyline but becomes really interesting - especially towards the end.The stealth, cover system, gunplay, gameplay and freedom really makes this game brilliant !!9/10"
,Recommended,238010,24875341,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,karinyol,"WHOAA WAAOOOW!!Never new game like this exist. I play this game expecting futuristic setting, it's robotic augmentations, and stealthy gameplay. What do i get? waaaaay more than that! The story is realy good, with all those twist. Should you buy this game, on your second playthrough listen to developer commentary. These guys really put a lot of work and detail in this.I found that""enemies""in this game is way scarier than zombies in most games and movies. One most interisting part in this game to me is (SPOILER AHEAD)when pritchard told us to change biochip at clinic because of interference worldwide. I opt to change the biochip (later that i know those action were completely optional). Turns out it was planned all along by the villain. When i figt Namir, my augs were glitched through the battle. Making it the thoughest (hell) Boss Battle in my first playthrough.Never saw that coming.This game convince me to play Mankind Divided.DAMN"
76561198067825847,Recommended,238010,24884994,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,j.c.gibbons,"This is one of the best games I've played from a story perspective. I was looking for a game like mass effect series and I found it. Its hard to compare a 10 to a 10, but mass effect story was better, while deus ex had a better story setting if that makes any sense. As far as stealth games go this one is engaging and the wait time doesn't mess up the pacingThe one dissapointment was the cool abilities were linked to function keys (which on my laptop i have to hold Fn before I press), and upon trying to map them to different keys I learned that the numbers weren't an option. The numbers are preset for item select spots. For my second playthrough I'm going to have to look for a mod to change that."
,Recommended,238010,24893280,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Lagginator,"Deus Ex: Human Revolution really surprised me.  I expected Human Revolution (HR) to be another filthy cash-grab by a game studio eager to slap on a successful face to an otherwise forgettable game, and to some extent that is true of HR... But what I didn't expect was that the developers would put so much effort into replicating the feel of the original Deus Ex.(TL;DR: very average game in terms of gameplay, but it has beautiful art & scenery.  The plot is predictable at times, but ultimately, at the end of the day, Human Revolution is an AMAZING homage to the original and faithfully brings the FEELING of the original Deus Ex into modern gaming.  I HIGHLY recommend for anyone who enjoyed the original Deus Ex or for anyone who thinks Deus Ex sounds cool but missed the boat on the original.  For people who don't like sci-fi themes, it'd probably be a game you'd play once and forget about.)It's been a while since I played through the game, but my first impression of the game was that it was very generic.  Another game using the same engine as Batman: Arkham Asylum/City/Knight games, with a couple neat but predictable features like hacking, persuation mini-games, and character upgrades.  These are fun, but they're nothing that hasn't been done before and HR doesn't add any spectacular twists or anything.The art and story are where this game really shines, and why I feel this game is a worthy tribute to the original.  From the beginning the art is fantastic, the little tutorial/prologue has you go through a science facility to see all the futuristic stuff going on & to foreshadow what's going to happen.The story starts off very boring and cliche: (former) love-interest is kidnap! What do??  You go around exploring the city, getting a feel for things, checking out the scenery and character designs, fighting bad dudes... nothing seems particularly interesting, but all the while they're dropping hints about secret government etc. etc.  If you're genre savvy you know exactly whats coming and think you're totally prepared.Then you take the WRONG F**KING ELEVATOR and everything falls into place: The technology, the art, the story, you really SEE  all these elements in motion in a living world and it feels like being thrown through a glass wall.  Suddenly it's not just a game, it's a real world, one of our possible futures.  As I rode the elevator down and saw everything that was going on I kept thinking, ""let me off this ride, I'm not ready for this yet!""From that point on I really felt like I was playing the game and invested in the story, rather than playing just to play. I sort of coasted on that investment until the end of the game.  The developers tried to get some cool battles and boss fights going, but I felt nothing quite reached the point of memorable until the end of the game.  For me, what really sealed the recommendation of this game is the ending.  I don't want to spoil it, but you have to make a choice that affects the entire world similar to how you did in the original Deus Ex.  It would be easy to claim that the developers were simply copy-catting the original, but that's flat-out wrong.  Imo the decision at the end is much more than a simple copy-cat because it ties everything from HR together.  All the plot lines, all the little notes you find, everything that happens, it all comes together and all of your options make sense from the perspective of the character.  It doesn't feel forced, it doesn't feel like it's thrown on, it feels like it's the logical conclusion to everything that happened up until that point.The game doesn't have quite the depth and complexity as the original, but it captures the best feelings of the original and puts it into a fresh story with modern graphics and modern gameplay.  To anyone who enjoyed the original Deus Ex, to anyone who just thinks Deus Ex is cool, this is a MUST OWN.  To everyone else, I'd recommend giving it a try if you have the spare cash and time, you might get a kick out of it.  If you don't like sci-fi, if you hate conspiracies, I'd pass on HR, as the gameplay isn't strong enough to carry the game or make it stick out from the dozens of other shooters."
76561198085984689,Recommended,238010,24906080,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Delixcroix,"It's Deus Ex, Its fun and it's often discounted so it would be wise to wait for a sale.This is my second playthrough the first time I was not on a PC.The PC version is far better then the console version and the game is as good as you remember it.Don't buy it if you can't actually fit it in your backlog though :)"
,Recommended,238010,24920953,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,PhantomPillow,"A worthy successor to Deus Ex. Great stealth gameplay, great story.Cant wait for the sequel."
76561198264302958,Recommended,238010,24925387,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,She wants the Chorizo,"The complete version of Deus Ex: Human Revolution. Human Revolution allows you to customize your gameplay to how you want it. Like your guns? You can upgrade your weapons and exercise extreme lethality. Want to avoid conflict? Focus on your augmented upgrade and sneak your way around the enemies. Although most of the bossfights seem to be direct confrontations, the gameplay tailors itself with how you want to play. It also helps that the game looks and oozes that dark future, which ironically also seems to be somewhat awesome-looking, thanks to the art-direction of this game. Overall, if you are looking for an awesome RPG, Deus Ex: Human Revolution will not disappoint. I am totally hyped for the Mankind Divided!!!"
,Recommended,238010,24952348,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Mr. E,"If you saw the trailer(s) for Deus Ex: Mankind Divided and thought ""Hey, that's pretty good!"", then you should seriously pick up DE: Human Revolution. The game allows for different playstyles and ways of completing objectives; do you want to be a steathly nija-assassin? Sneak away. If you want to shoot everybody to♥♥♥♥♥♥just to aquire the objective then good for you. If playing it 'smart' and diplomatic is your way then you can probably do it. The sheer open-endedness of certain tasks/objectives etc., especially for a game that is indeed linear and is situated in open 'hubs' rather than an open world, really makes this game unique. Well, that and its fantastic characters and storytelling.Overall, I would highly recommend this game for its open-ended dialogue and the amount of variety in its gameplay."
,Recommended,238010,24960536,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Elk,"This is my favorite game of all time to simply put it, i've beaten the game multiple times over and each time I have an absolute blast, the story, the characters and the gameplay all form together to make an amazing game, frankly I give it a 9/10, because the boss fights in Deus Ex are horrible, like really bad. But there are only three of them so the good far outweighs the bad, I strongly reccomend this game for people that love stealth, rpg, action games. I'm so hyped for Mankind Divided in the fall."
,Recommended,238010,24960558,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,[G-MAN2][bodenebas]Billy Maize,very fun and educational
76561198176645947,Recommended,238010,24961678,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Darth Sxasz,Holy ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥! It is a helluva game ! Adam ♥♥♥♥ing Jensen dude ! I know i acting like a fanboy but this game is awesome.  So sad cuz it was too short but i can not wait for new one Mankind Divided i guess... Anyway buy and play this brilliant masterpiece. Cheers !
76561197975472879,Recommended,238010,24962223,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Videodrome,"this is a great stealth/shooter/roleplaying game and i can totally recommend it.it has a deep cyberpunk story just like the first deus ex game.i also like that you have to make decisions that influence the story - to kill or not to kill,or which way you choose to get to some area for example.it has also good graphics, sounds and gameplay´s fine too.it is one of the best games i´ve ever played!"
76561198085600887,Recommended,238010,24967266,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,FusionSuit,"Adam Jensen never asked for this.But I certainly asked for this Cyberpunk atmosphere, and this game delivered.+ Great soundtrack, smooth (where it counts) gameplay, and an entertaining story.- Controls are a bit strange, and will take some getting used to. Adam's voice acting is subpar.I'd pay an arm or leg to play this game for the first time again, but given how the plot treats augmented humans, I'd rather not in the end."
76561197993967125,Recommended,238010,24969337,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Vekotin,"(ENG)Open world messiah rises from the ashes and updates the series succesfully to this decades standards. DX - Human Revolution tells us the story what happened before the original Deus Ex thus making this a golden opportunity for those not yet familiar with DX's world in not-so-distant future.The original Deus Ex was in many ways ahead of its time (in almost every way except for the graphics). Deus Ex's game world was a world with openness and freedom of choose that was unlike anything that had been seen in games before. Old fans will not be dissapointed because the nature of the game is still the same and now even the graphics are nice. You decide what missions you do and in what way you accomplish them. You also decide your character's evolution whether it's to become a stealth assassin or a walking tank. All your solutions affect the events in the plot, who lives who dies and how it all ends. Sometimes it may be easier to hack a security system and go in through the air vents than kick the main door open and start a shoot 'em up. I've also heard that it's possible to complete the game without killing anyone (except for the ""bosses"" of course).Deus Ex - Human Revolution Director's Cut is a perfect package of stealth action and adventure in a very intriguing and believable cyber-renaissance world. The game experience has been smoothened up a little bit so it's easier for new-comers (compared to the original game I mean) but there is still everything to keep us old fans happy. It's safe to say that DX-Human Revolution is a very succesful update and easily one of the best games of the decade.(FIN)Avoimen maailman messias tekee paluun ja päivittää pelisarjan onnistuneesti nykyaikaan. Human Revolutionin tapahtumat sijoittuvat ajallisesti ennen alkuperäistä Deus Exiä, mikä tekeekin siitä loistavan tilaisuuden aloittaa tutustuminen Deus Exin ei-niin-kaukaisen tulevaisuuden maailmaan.Alkuperäinen Deus Ex oli monin tavoin aikaansa edellä (oikeastaan kaikilla osa-alueilla paitsi grafiikan suhteen). Sarjan vanhoja faneja ei onneksi ole unohdettu ja Deus Exille ominainen vapaus ja avoimuus on yhä tallella. Sinä itse päätät mitkä tehtävät ja millä tavoin suoritat sekä mitä ominaisuuksia haluat hahmossasi kehittää. Kaikki ratkaisusi vaikuttavat pelin kulkuun, siihen kuka elää ja kuka kuolee sekä siihen miten kaikki päättyy. Sivukatu ja turvallisuusjärjestelmä hakkeroimalla tuuletuskanavan kautta sisään voi joskus olla helpompi tapa saada haluamasi, kuin marssia pääovista sisään aseet laulaen. Peli on ilmeisesti mahdollista läpäistä myös tappamatta ketään (poislukien ""pomovastukset"").Deus Ex- Human Revolution on Director's Cut versiona täydellinen paketti toimintaa, hiippailua ja hahmonkehitystä erittäin mielenkiintoisella, näyttävällä ja ennen kaikkea uskottavasti rakennetulla kyber-renessanssin aikakaudella. Peliä on aavistuksen virtaviivaistettu uusia tulokkaita varten, mutta se on kuitenkin tarpeeksi monipuolinen tyydyttääkseen myös meitä sarjan parissa alusta asti viihtyneitä. Kaiken kaikkiaan kyseessä on paitsi onnistunut päivitys myös yksi vuosikymmenen parhaista peleistä."
76561198079889469,Recommended,238010,24973069,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,ian10085,"Great game built for true gamers. I've been playing the Deus Ex series games for a long time now, and I've thoroughly enjoyed each one. This one delivers. Great replayability, good story, good character building. I'd definitely recommend this game to anyone interested in character building RPG's with stealth elements."
,Recommended,238010,24982458,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,ookami007,"Probably the best 1st person shooter style cyberpunk game of the new era.  It's got upgrades, stealth options, killing or knocking out... it's got something for everyone."
,Recommended,238010,24991202,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,TGG [PT],Excellent stealth game!
,Recommended,238010,25064500,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Toast Toaster,Yes
,Recommended,238010,25066186,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,CommonGuy,"A very rich story that made you feel very imersed with a good balance of challange and reward. although it only had a ""few"" side quests the main story was long enough where i didnt feel the need to slow down. The only thing i disliked about the game was that it had to end.(These comments were based on playing through on the Hardest dificulty on an average computer)"
,Recommended,238010,25073838,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,kbshadep,so good
76561197979843504,Recommended,238010,24578500,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Time to LIVE [No Mic],"First of all, fans of the 1st game fear not, this is a REAL DEUS EX game, they did it right.The game is set in 2027, 25 years before the first game. You play as Adam Jensen, Head of security in a biotech company that manufactures augmentations for humans like cyber implants. After a terrorist attack on your headquarters several scientists are killed and you're left for dead. But the Head of the company you work for decides to augment you and make you a cyborg. After that you begin your investigation about what happenned and what's playing behind the curtain.Cyberpunk, morals, conspiracies, what it means to be a human, science, ethics and discrimination are one of the themes in that game. The voice-acting is good.You have the choice between the use or not of lethal force meaning that there are non-lethal weapons in this game as well as lethal weapons. You can play stealthely or use brute force. You can use close or long range equipment and weapons to reach your objective. But the game tends to reward you with more xp when you play the non lethal and stealthy way. It may be considered unfair by some but to me this was done in order to point out the value of human life. With your xp you get Praxis points that you can invest in a talent grid, for example there is an active cloaking device if you put points in it and some other toys and passive bonuses that will alter your approach of the quest objectives since you can get new abilities buy levelling up.The game has a great art direction even if the graphics aged a bit as of 2016. You'll visit several locations accross the Globe.Talk to everyone, explore every corner,as in every DEUS EX game there is at least 3 ways to get to your objective.An atmospheric game that makes you think.Go for it :)"
,Recommended,238010,24579919,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,AeroGChronos,"A game that is IMMENSLY SATISFYING. This is not just a game, this is our future. Humanity's future. A tale of choices and consequences. A tale of an underdog's struggle to find the truth through mist of greed and lies, through betrayal conspiracies. It is the struggle of Adam Jensen, a ghost of sins committed by the powerful against humanity. Powerful people playing God, manipulating our conscience and morality using tools of communication to serve their needs. It's all seems very familiar. The game itself will be influencing your actions and emotions. No, I'm not talking about progression approach, which is, by the way, divided into action, stealth and social manipulation. No, I'm talking about how it makes you feel angry and powerless at times and forces you to make diffcult choices. I was very angry a few times and killed everyone in the path, but most of the times I would be sneaking my way out, non-lethally taking down others.The gameplay may feel tacky at the beginning but it feels a lot more polished after you have gotten decent enough augmentations. Enemy AI is good but not stellar or punishing as say... Metal Gear Solid, although taking head on fights is a bit harder. Just use covers wisely and keep your aiming tight.The bosses are rather underwhelming. I mean, for a complex game like this, the boss fights are rather bland and generic. They feel a lot like generic minibosses from Sci-fi FPS games. You can only kill them, you can't mess up their brains while fighting. I had this urge to break them mentally after what they had done but it just isn't possible. Everything else is a full thumbs up![spoilers ahead]...................The final choices were incredibly hard and even if it burns down to Deus Ex Machina cliche, it had a lot more impact than say.... Mass Effect 3 endings due to clever execution. The AI also details out how your choice would affect the future. I was switching between and hesitating which one to make and decided to F**K THEM ALL!"
,Recommended,238010,24695362,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Mirai Diary,"Hmm ... Very addictive game, great story, great graphics."
,Recommended,238010,24696590,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Thraco,"Thanks to this game, disabled people can get bionic implants which allow them to walk again.Alone for this, I've got to give a thumbs up.If you need another reason, you can punch pretty much everyone in the game."
,Recommended,238010,24725063,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,☣ Лордус ☣,"One of the best games I have experienced. Had it on 360, and was happy to buy it again here on Steam.Can't wait for DX:MD"
76561198043318175,Recommended,238010,24737146,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,็็็็็็็็็,♥♥♥♥ing awesome game
76561197972433280,Recommended,238010,24752409,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Garthamatic,"Amazing game, great change from other FPS titles.  Great atmosphere and setting."
76561198193544414,Recommended,238010,24758055,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,nylon-python,I never ask for this
76561198142767566,Recommended,238010,24796967,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Defilum,"Pros-Unique graphics-Sweet voice acting-Kick-butt main character, Adam JensonBest boss fights-amazing and in depth story-Smooth gameplayCons-Gub fights are very, VERY hard, unless you have good argumentationsOver all it has, it is, and it will be an amazing game!A must buy for SURE!!!"
,Recommended,238010,24574156,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,furety,love this game if you like hite man then i can tell you will love this game
,Recommended,238010,23984922,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Neppu--!? | skinsjar.com,"To be honest I wasn't giving high expectations on the game until I played it.Gameplay is solid, the story itself has its own depth, decisions that may affect your gameplay / the story, you are also free to roam the city and do anything you want!Highly recommend this game, especially when its on sale!"
76561198072206837,Recommended,238010,24004250,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Weazelbuffer,"Just purchased this game again (I originally played it on Xbox). I love this series so very much. The gameplay is so much fun and well done. However, it is the story that keeps me coming back to Deus Ex. It is simply amazing."
,Recommended,238010,24064501,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,GabyPCgeeK,"Good game, great graphics."
76561198117267216,Recommended,238010,24086175,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,wirrsturm,"Lets get some criticisms out of the way:- There is some cringeworthy writting at times (both in dialog and story). Nothing completely deal breaking but not definitly hamfisted. Considering the dystopian coorporate future the in game world is supposed to be there could also have been more moral ambiguity in your choices through out the game.- I think the game is too long by which I mean the game gets tedious and repetitive after a while. You sneak, you use your take down on a guy, you hide the body you sneak, and you reload because some NPC decided they suddenly could spot you from that distance.  There are some segments that break out of that mold and then the game shines but I had the impression that for stretches at a time there was too much game time stretched over too little game mechanic and content.- Most of the boss fights feel out of place unless your playstyle in the game was run and gun. Tried to play a sneaky hacker? Well too bad you're now in an enclosed room where those skills dont matter with someone shooting at you.All that being said. I love cyberpunk and I love the original Deus Ex. This game is enjoyable, the soundtrack is excellent, sneaking is reaonsably intense (as long as you aren't a coward who puts points in cloaking), and the story isn't intollerable. Most of my criticisms stem from a feeling that this game could have been better not from any fundamental issues that make it unplayable.Solid entertainment. Don't play at anything less than medium difficulty even if you're a newbie."
76561198129808485,Recommended,238010,25094628,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,henriellrich,"An awesome game that can keep you busy for 10 to 15 hours easily, nice story and nice game play, if you played the classic one and liked it, defenetly you will like this one.the only cons i found out is the voice acting, and movements that the characters do while talking to others."
,Recommended,238010,25096008,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Gutter-Man47,"Not exactly what everyone expected, And not perfect, but still a beautiful game. Great art style, complex characters and a legitimately interesting story. Played as a stealth game, combat id's beautiful. Not so much if you try the all guns blazing approach. Definitely worth multiple playthroughs."
,Recommended,238010,25104655,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Kudach,"10/10 Great Gameplay, Story, Aesthetics"
,Recommended,238010,23774580,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Tormenator1,"A very,very,very deep RPG that has a amazing story and great mechanics. A friend recommended it to me and it sparked my intrest in roleplaying games,and the Deus Ex series. Only issue I have with it is the boss fights strongly clash with the rest of the game. For the rest of the game,you can choose a path,stealth,hacking,go in and shoot everyone...etc. Boss fights force you to just run at them and shoot the boss until they die. (The Director's Cut fixes many of these issues however). An issue that some people may mention,the switch form first person to third person when taking cover,is something that I personally love. That's a matter of preference. Overall I'd say this game is a must-have for any cyberpunk or RPG fan."
,Recommended,238010,23825081,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,revanchist,"Before, I wasn't very fond of stealth.Then, I played this game as a ghost and it ended up as one of my favorite games ever.+++++Gameplay, Story, Atmosphere, Soundtrack, Characters+You can play basketball+You can throw vending machines at people+Cool CQC animations, punching civilians is the best+Hacking is fun+Brings up thought-provoking and controversial ideas about transhumanism and the potential of human beings to become ""more"" through technology.+I finally understand the memes- DLC is quite long, but not that bad. Just a bit frustrating because you lose all your stuff and augmentations at the start.I bought this last year for about $3-4, I felt like I cheated. Highly recommended."
76561198042956926,Recommended,238010,23831004,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Vagabond,The best cyberpunk RPG game out there!
,Recommended,238010,23845046,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,JakeOmega,"A great futuristic stealth shooter/RPG, with some nice ethical themes. I wasn't a huge fan of the protagonist Adam Jensen, but I came around eventually after the rest of the game drew me in. One of my favorites."
,Recommended,238010,23852348,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,MustachedChaos,"This is exactly what you would want from a shooter RPG. Branching story, where decisions really do matter. Talents and skills that you can pick and choose to improve based on your playstyle. Different playstyles are rewarded and encouraged! Tangible rewards for doing side quests and actually investing yourself in story elements (a seemingly random sidequest may give you a short term reward but then later pay off in the story with a huge impact).  It's been a long time since I played a shooter and actually spent a great deal of time talking to characters and learning the in's and out's of a particular stage.  This is a refreshing look on old roleplaying elements in a modern game and absolutely worth a recommendation."
76561198037225777,Recommended,238010,23860933,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,silverdragonsound,Lots of fun.   Had a great time playing this game.  This game immerses you and its easy to play.  I recommend this game to everyone who likes a good story and good gameplay.
76561198001072412,Recommended,238010,24472570,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,[F.E.A.R] Hulk,"This game taught me what the future may looks like and how people would react to it. The moral value that this game given to me is quite fascinating, choices you made have consequences, one may struggle on what to speak when opinions are both true. Would rate the game above 8/10 if the game mechanism is properly developed. 7/10"
,Recommended,238010,8871197,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Fleischer-Bot,"clever, cool, buy it"
76561198081891604,Recommended,238010,8885967,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Swish,"Epic game, especially if you like sneaking around and using tactics to kill."
76561198108140876,Recommended,238010,8846145,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,CheckMate,BADASSS
76561198071936908,Recommended,238010,8848918,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,bigangrywookie101,"I loved this game when I played it on the Xbox, and can't wait to really tackle the new bosses"
,Recommended,238010,8175341,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,crazyfrog,HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥ this is a really good ♥♥♥♥ing sequel (excluding invisible war) to a really good game. Cant beat the original but it sure it reaalllly good and I just had to get it once I beat Deus Ex. Would recommend playing the original first but they can be played interchangably.
76561198056997847,Recommended,238010,9780215,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,gona chameleon,"Top 10 of ""last gen"".  'Nuff said."
,Recommended,238010,9780991,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Rafaelinski,This game is absolutely fantastic!
76561197996996759,Recommended,238010,9783352,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Dakkon MTG,"Great game, really like the games features.  It was worth the money; although I bought it at 66% off."
,Recommended,238010,9767727,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,"Sys.out.println(""Hi"")™",Worth every penny.
76561198065817159,Recommended,238010,9776092,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Yellow Crayon,i awsome buy it
,Recommended,238010,15603815,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,ƗŖƐ,ONE OF THE BEST GAME I HAVE EVER PLAYED.*PERFECT STORY*PERFECT GRAPHICS*PERFECT WEAPONS*PERFECT CHARACTERS*PERFECT EVERYTHINGWAITING FOR THE NEW GAME!!!   20/10
,Recommended,238010,10978497,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Quantum Maniac,"This game is awesome because, unlike many FPS games, there is more versitile ways of using cover, rather than just moving left and right. I also like the stealth element of the game. It is very well thought out, and the part I like most is the melee takedowns. You have two options. You can either kill them (makes noise, but they stay dead), or knock them out (completley quiet, but they wake up eventually). It's good because there is more of an RPG style to the game rather than just shooting everything that moves. There is more strategy. The biggest thing that sets this game apart is the augmentations. These are upgrades that you can make to your body via your new robot (augmented) body. You can make yourself physically stronger, have an auto deploying parachute, punch through thin walls, and even see through walls. There is another element to the game, which makes it somewhat like a detective game, which is where you have to decide what to say to a person to get a peice of information from them or have them do something for you. Diffrent choices will have different outcomes. The last thing I will mention is the hacking element. You can augment this as well to have better results while hacking. If you find a computer terminal or keypad that is locked, you can hack it to get information from it, or sabotage security systems. You can turn off cameras, and lock/unlock doors, but the robot and turret controls are the best. You can set them to be normal, and shoot you, you can disable them, or...HAVE THEM SHOOT THE ENEMY!!!This game all around is amazing, and worth the money two times over. I would recommend this to anyone who likes FPS', RPGs, or just wants a new game."
,Recommended,238010,21013968,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Foster Thark,The toilets look amazing
,Recommended,238010,21005460,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,WitchSpoon,Adam Jensen sounds like he is living inside a cigarrette but I love him.so homo
76561197975895891,Recommended,238010,15230558,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,-[c-unit]- dark-crow,Awesome game. Great story.  Finally a game where your skilltree really counts and use them all the time. I played it for such a long time  and two times and there are so many ways I did not find. Everyone should have played this game.
76561198094694299,Recommended,238010,10012871,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,The Catfish,it's fun
,Recommended,238010,15060787,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,ラーメン,What should i say... THIS IS GREAT. every single part about this game is great. my playtime you see was basicly only one playtrough. just buy it ;) ending is great too
76561198004884387,Not Recommended,238010,15247906,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Johnny 5,QTE Cutscene Takedowns - best gameplay feature ever.
,Recommended,238010,15847930,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Steve Jobronies,"Deus Ex: Human Revolution is a FPS, or a Stealth, or a Strategy, that is the beauty behind this game. You pick how you wanna approach every situation, you analyze the scene, you do what you have to do in order to make the best of the scenario. With the decisions you make throughout the game, you become personalized with your environment. Along with a magnificent story and some pretty decent gameplay, you are provided with a basis of comfort and happiness when you play this game. Although I found it was difficult to adapt the the overall style of gameplay, I enjoyed it when I did. Deus Ex: Human Revolution doesn't play like most games, for the better. The only complaint I have about this game, is the engine, the engine could have very well been done better, it isn't as bad as some other games (Assassin's Creed: Unity), however it could certainly have been done better.8.5/10"
76561198002900821,Recommended,238010,26001429,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,bruzD_Nee,Absolutely brilliant successor to the original.
,Recommended,238010,29211416,Posted: 12 January,all,MeltingMonsterManBrolosovitch,"""Actually mister Jensen I prefer to think of myself as Daedalus watching helplessly as his child crashes into the sea"""
76561198363924970,Recommended,238010,30017116,Posted: 18 February,all,catlover4ever2014,this keep freezing fix it
76561198270569191,Recommended,238010,25880841,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Cheeky Cage,Meaty
76561198067184630,Recommended,238010,28865869,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Moonman,"Awesome, awesome to the max."
76561198111290572,Recommended,238010,23910968,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,ziemowit.ziemas,One of the best cyber-punk RPG games.
76561198254950027,Not Recommended,238010,22290770,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,uber.terco,"Long long time ago, I've played first sequel of Deus Ex (GOTY edition) several times,and that was pefectly ok, cause I saw no harm (and still see no harm)in playing that jewel of the game for another dozen times or more.That game had that certain something for me.Deus Ex: HR, however, doesn't match that criteria.Yes, the graphics is far more advanced, player has (hm, does he really?)far more options/solutions to play the game through, but the thing thatstabbed my eyes the most, is the fact that the gameis a port from console, and that rigid feel of the movement ""up and down, left and right"".Couldn't get rid of it.The game isn't intruiging in any aspect; as a matter of fact,I'd dare to say it's just an old Deus Ex with new graphicsand troublesome movement interface. No more, no less.Oh, yes, and, with no nano sword. :DVerdict: Play it, finish it, preferably for all three endings, and then get back to the first sequel."
,Recommended,238010,23804291,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Alex,"Deus Ex Human Revolution skillfully delivers a fulfilling and compelling cyberpunk narrative and serves it alongside some seriously engaging mechanics. Giving the player the ability to adopt stealth or work loudly depending on their skill level, Human Revolution is a game you can approach from many different angles, and still reach the same ultimate, satisfying goal at the end of each section. If you're into cyberpunk culture, this game is a must have."
76561198007393646,Recommended,238010,26825249,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Lambert,"This gem of a game is a pure modern day classic. I finished it for about 5 or 6 times and I replayed it again recently with the dev's commentaries. The combination of gameplay mechanics, top-notch art style, music and story is an example of what an AAA title should be - a masterpiece of hardwork of many many talented people, resulting in a perfect balance that results in a perfect experience.As a fan of Deus Ex franchise, I must say it's one the second best after the original one and I think many developers should learn from this game, as they approach the design of their games.Adam Jensen maybe didn't ask for this, but I definitely did.10/10, will probably replay again in 2017."
,Recommended,238010,25627783,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Verrufen,"fails to live up to potential. oversimplified, made for console. Having said that, it's still an amazing game which you would not regret buying."
,Recommended,238010,25068380,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,FluffyPopTarts,A phenomenal story that leaves you questioning your daily society's motives IRL and leaves you wanting for more. Enables multiple approaches and has great mechanics. Solid great stuff here.
76561198118405135,Recommended,238010,20155526,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Ratbag The Coward,"Deus Ex Human Revolution truly is an amazing game which is pretty old but still wait for it.....GOLD.PLOT- 7.8/10The game is about a cyber-renessiance, a golden age for technology, an age of rebirth to what was thought to be 'human limitations'.And of course some will agree with it and others will resist it.The story on it's own is amazing and well crafted but there are so many things happening off screen like a firefight between cops and street gangs seen from a glass walkway or the aftermath of a violent riot and of course we have to talk about a gang which harvests augmentations for profit.It just has so much potential but doesn't really explore it to it's maximum levels.GRAPHICS- 8.3/10Now it's a remastered version of an old game so don't expect it to look like your triple A titles for this year and the last.SOUNDTRACK- 9.3/10Although people might argue about how the soundtrack feels dark you gotta admit, It perfectly captures the feeling of the game.It gives the spine some chills as it should and it completely complements the darkish noir theme of the gameGAMEPLAY- 9.6/10Now we're talking.The gameplay is simply put, The best aspect of this game.The reasons are because of 2 things(in my humble opinion).Freedom and Augmentations.This game is not like any other shooter oh no it's not.It gives you the freedom to choose how you approach a situation and Augmentations really change how the game flows.If you want to be the one man army then you best upgrade resistances and crazy Typhoon Explosive System but maybe you want to take a stealthier approach so you'd better be investing on silent steps and cones visions and some see-through walls upgrades but if you want to be stealthy and explore the game easier then you might want to upgrade hacking.It caters to your playstyle.Bonus points for New Game+ and Replay Value.CHARACTERS- 8/10You play as the badass Adam Jensen(Need I say more).But in case that does not covinvince you then I could reassure you that it has a great supporting cast such as Franklin Pritchard and Malik.The characters are easily likeable and even some who appear to be one dimensional can be really deep(Jaron Namir, listen to his last line).All I can say is that I love this game.I love the open hubs of Detroit and Hengsha.I love how civilians casually talk about their opinions and life.I love the cyberpunk theme.I love the stealth.I love how this game can make you feel like a god but is still challenging and I love how it all concludes.Buy this game and then buy Mankind Divided(I'm so excited)OVERALL- 43/50"
,Not Recommended,238010,20118374,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,World Wide Pigeon,"Chances are you're going to spend a lot of time trying to fix a annoying stutter bug. Wonderful game, played it +150 hours on console, but a fix for the stutter never came out. That being said I highly advice checking the requirements before buying the game, even if you have all of them or better you might have performance issues."
76561198111174472,Recommended,238010,22668303,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Odddude21,illuminati confirmedseriously why is the illumunati in this
,Not Recommended,238010,22286551,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,moko,"If you enjoy spending hours trying to figure out where the quest objective is, this game is for you. 10/10 wouldn't finish again."
76561198006179909,Recommended,238010,9242436,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,arado333,"I bought this game about a year ago on a steam sale, and then I ended up getting the DC version. I played like 30 mins of it and put it away when I first got it...I just really could not get into it. Then finally after I did not have anything else to play, I decided to give it a try. Such a solid life choice. I can say with out a doubt its one of the best games I have ever played ever. The story grabbed and did not let me go. I loved the fact that the game just kept going, a good solid 30 hours of fun. It has so many interesting concepts like how its an rpg and a shooter at the same time, and the fact that you really have to think things out to get to the next area. I would find my self stuck over and over again trying new ways to get around a new problem. The game also gives you choices that affect the out come of the game. I think that I will start antother play threw for sure. It did have a few bugs, but they were nothing that stopped me from progressing the story. It is a little dated with how it looks, but they went back and redid some of the graphics for the Dc version, and the honest truth is, it is still a beautiful game. 9.8-10 for this one."
,Recommended,238010,30314391,Posted: 4 March,all,Aviccena,Its nice storyline..
76561198042182817,Recommended,238010,25191335,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,magneze,One of the best games I've ever played.
,Recommended,238010,31128730,Posted: 13 April,all,Reproductive system fun time,"Amazing game, just ♥♥♥♥ that first boss."
76561198065441934,Recommended,238010,30067693,Posted: 20 February,all,gast128,"If you like cutscenes this game is for you. I still give it a thumb up despite being moderate in graphics, shooting and story. The cyber punk atmosphere is good though."
76561198091132763,Recommended,238010,15421686,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Jzigzags,"This game is really for those who think outside the box. If you want some quick run-and-gun cowboy massacre of a game, then this probably isn't for you. If you're interested in looking at the situation, finding a few alternative paths, and deciding which is for you (i.e. stealth, negotiation tactics, straight up violence, etc.) then this is for you. There are a few glitches and stealth problems though, because the enemies have a one-see-you-and-all-see-you system, and the gunfights in this game, aren't bad, in any sense, but they ARE difficult. It's not like CoD, where you can take 2 deagle rounds to the chest and just walk it off, ya know."
76561198081752456,Recommended,238010,11528624,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,sw0rdMast3r,Very good!
,Recommended,238010,11533778,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,AsatorPrime,Great game!
,Recommended,238010,17861272,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Midget,10/10 must have
76561198063326640,Recommended,238010,20146591,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,dark-hero-18,I asked for this!
,Recommended,238010,14668098,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,✯SAUCE✯,"This game is amazing, but the boss battles are absolutly maddening"
,Recommended,238010,10150359,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Hunk Skinhub.com,"Over all a yes...It's no original but its good. Especially for people who havent played the original but enjoy fps/rpgs... youll probably think this is the best one. It kinda sucks though just because of the xp system... it rewards you for things that become tedious chances to farm xp... Now this DC version has one real good thing going for it; a new game plus system which lets you play through a second time with all the augs you gained on your first playthrough. I beat the game before it was director's cut (I guess they were ""expecting"" a game of the year edition... I'm really sick of Canadian game companies at this point... anyways... yeah the new game plus would be sweet....BUT... they included the DLC from the original release... in which you lose all your augs... I'm still playing through the DLC part but I'm pretty sure its not giving me back ALL the augs I had... so more lame xp farming on the play through Im doing... the boss fights are a little better I guess... they just added a few extra paths to the ones I've seen and they still are kinda lame...anyways the game is pretty good tho... good music... cool combat and skills... multiple paths... endings in the original version of the game were kinda lame... but idk if this DC revamped them... at 5 bucks on sale tho... get it"
76561198030199830,Recommended,238010,10105884,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,[DBF] G I R T H B O I,"He didn't ask for this, but I certainly did. Double ♥♥♥♥♥ slap your way through all the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s in Detroit!"
76561198046405386,Recommended,238010,23508928,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,TLoZMeOWCaTz,"Holy crap. This game took me by complete surpise. After getting it for $5 after a Steam sale, I thought I would just try it out because I heard some good things about it. The story is great, the atmosphere, the gameplay and stealth work well, the executions are brutal, and I love the fact that there are some decisions in the game that can be made withough the use of a dialogue wheel, as so many game now a days seem to rely on for decision making. Any doubts that you have about buying this game should be immediately relinquished, because it is just amazing, especially if you get it on sale, but it's worth every nickel (no pennies where I live :)."
,Recommended,238010,23395456,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,AlbNoel(The Cool Cat),I NEVER ASKED FOR THIS!!
76561198048030452,Recommended,238010,15721081,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Kenzo,Bretty good 10/10
76561198094579192,Recommended,238010,23175089,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Don Corto,"What an amazing game.  It was a good return to form and put deus ex into the modern era.  It had many mechanics from the first but also expanded on it.  I enjoyed this game thoroughly and anyone should buy it.  The story is amazing, the gameplay is amazing, and it brings up many cool conspiracies.  I have replayed it multiple times and play it at least twice a year just because of how good it is. 10/10"
76561198064238438,Recommended,238010,9751147,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Nightscythe1847,"A expansive, varying, adaptive, and great game with ways for anyone to play it uniquely. Stealth, combat or hacking, beat it how you want, it's all fantastic."
76561198027039587,Recommended,238010,18719849,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,redphalanx,Fantastic. I just wish Squeenix didn't get a cut of the money.
,Recommended,238010,29439503,Posted: 23 January,all,Steven Arveladze,"Simply one of the best games I have ever played. This is my first contact with the cyberpunk genre and the game made me love it.There are so many ways you can play through the quests, which makes your experience vary depending on how you choose to approach the missions and how you chose to develop Adam's abilities (augmentations). I definitely recommend this game and the Deus Ex franchise in general."
76561198056261045,Not Recommended,238010,21880542,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Bob Ripface Ebon Sharkteeth,"This game is a blast and a ton of fun to play but I cannot in all good concious recommend this to someone. I have Windows 10 on my laptop and an Intel processor and because it has Integrated Graphics the game simply will not start. After 12 hours of gameplay this popped up after I restarted my laptop. Oh believe me I spent a good 3 hours trying to troubleshoot but to no avail, so don't waste your money and if you really want this game then just put aside your pride and buy it on console. I usually say PC is superior but in this case the PC port has some issues."
,Recommended,238010,7508220,"Posted: 28 October, 2013",all,>f7> angrysquare,"The definitive form of DXHR. Incorporates all of the previously released DLC into the timeline of the original game.The weapons that you normally get by purchasing them through DLC (Silenced Sniper Rifle, Double Barrel Shotgun) are found in various locations throughout the game, instead of you starting the game with them (removes the ""pay to win"" aspect). The Grenade Launcher is still a mission reward after you rescue Tracer Tong, and you can still purchase Remote-Detonated Explosives and Automatic Unlocking Devices at any shop.Notes on the way the Missing Link DLC is integrated: Basically, you lose all of the stuff you've acquired throughout the entire game when you begin The Missing Link. After completing The Missing Link, an extra moment has been spliced into the game, where you are left standing next to the exit (which takes you back to the main storyline of the game), and there is a weapons container next to you as well. Upon opening this box, you recieve all of your original Praxis points and items back (you also get to keep anything you got while playing The Missing Link).The improved boss battles are just that - a huge improvement. Remember in the original Deus Ex, when you could kill Walton Simons just by electrocuting him on the rails of a minecart track? You can do things like that in the revised version of DXHR, as well. You're able to dispatch bosses by means of turrets, poison gas, and patrolling sentry robots, in addition to the good old-fashioned ""shoot them in the face"" strategy. Sadly, you can't just flat-out ignore the bosses like you could in the original DX; you have to kill them for ""story purposes"".All in all, if you haven't played Deus Ex: Human Revolution yet, first, what is wrong with your brain, and second, the Director's Cut is the only version you should purchase."
,Recommended,238010,7747881,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,AxMi-24,Deus Ex HR got even better with DC. Even the boss fights got changed to allow for several different approaches (not that it was difficult before with some planning but hey every bit counts). Especially nice that Missing Link was incorporated in to a complete game allowing you to experience the full story.It's not Original Deus Ex but it's not that far from it either.
,Recommended,238010,14370101,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,The Quiet Viking(Smølfespark),one of my favorite games ever
,Recommended,238010,14372908,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Meme Gril,Unexplainably epic! I loved it the moment i started it!
,Recommended,238010,9069072,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,tips your bones tonight,"A cyberpunk dream come true. Human Revolution as alone was an incredible experience with gameplay designed to give everyone their own experience. A story so amazing that you may need to ask yourself, what exactly is a human?The DXHR - DC bundles you with DLC and improved textures over the old ones and some different ways to approach.tl;drIt's a must buy."
76561198072826923,Recommended,238010,25885868,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,KOS-MOS,"Potentially was meant to be the best game franchise of 2010s.In a genre that haven't seen a good AAA game in 2 decades.Deus Ex: sold less than 1.5 millions on PC(most on sales)(Great game, undersold(on release) on PC compared to Xbox and PS which led to a reduced technical support)Now the 2nd one is being♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by publisher.While ""one"" avarage game sold almost 11 millions.Gamers are not that different from publishers I guess."
76561198389403419,Recommended,238010,32549391,Posted: 18 June,all,koigal,"After beating the game, I had some love and hate moments with it. The thing I really enjoyed was the rich story, and gameplay. When you upgrade your augs enough the game feels pretty fair but it takes awhile to get used to it. I was not fond of the bosses either but half of them were creative/neat.What did I like about this game?+The stealth aspect is fun, it also makes you feel guilty for taking many lives if you choose to, and gives you an option not to hurt anyone.+Hacking is pretty cool, one of my favorite mechanics in the game+The augs in this game were pretty neat, although sometimes I question if they are necessary+You get to keep your augs in the New Game + featureWhat did I dislike?-Midway through the game all your augs get taken away and its challenging, also takes a few hours to get your gear back, which is somewhat unfair it feels like-The boss battles, although neat, I did not feel were neccesary, and should have been more optional or extra features rather than required-The scarcity of resources at the end had me wanting to give up, but I kept pushing through-The custscenes at times felt drawn out, more like a movie than a game.All in all, this is worthy of the Deus Ex title however I feel the options are somewhat limited especially during boss battles, which cannot be avoided. The stealth was a huge part of the game. It deserves a playthrough, and is worth the price however I can't speak much of the replay value. I would give it a six or seven out of ten. It will keep you entertained for a few hours but towards the end you feel ready for it to be over. I recommend this game but I am not sure I would say its highly replayable."
76561197976117314,Recommended,238010,32950386,Posted: 28 June,all,dssouleater,So far so good good cutscenes and teh way to takedown people is varied and cool  i am enjoying this one jensen is a tough nut !
,Recommended,238010,14976739,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,spaghetti and coffee,The way this game immerses you in everything is just amazing. Buy it if you're on the fence. Totally worth it.
,Recommended,238010,17581583,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Nyaruko-Senpai™,Everything about humanity is told here. This game will deliver you everything that you expect. No. Way above your natural expectations.
76561198056516209,Recommended,238010,21734968,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Eskillz,"Before reading this review, keep in mind that this is my first experience within the Deus Ex franchise, and will not be comparing to earlier titles. I will simply give my opinions on it as a standalone piece of entertainment.The StoryI won't say anything very plot specific, but I'll give a short summary. The game takes takes place in a not so distant, but very dark future. The current scientific focus of Human Revolution involves augmentations, so called enhacements to the human body. This has caused a split between the people who think agmentations are wrong and unnatural, and those who profit from it, and think it's the way of the future. However, neither side is clean. Corruption, backstabbing and inhumane and unethical actions are a common occurance on both ends.You play as Adam Jensen, a security specialist working at the megacorporation Sarif industries (who specializes in augmentation technology). Throughout a lengthy campaign you strive to uncover a conspiracy plot, where no person or corporation can be trusted.This may seem like a paper thin plot with the way I've described it above, but the story quickly picks up the pace, and turns into some really deep, complex and disturbing stuff. It also ties in some other themes, like what it truly means to be human (even though that question has been asked a number of times before). My only real gripe with the story is that quickly goes from being basic to complex rather quickly. If you're not paying very close attention the entire time you're playing, you might end up not knowing half of what the hell is going on. The game expects you to remember a large number of names, corporations, events and so on, and this stuff stacks up. I might be the only complaining about this (or I might just be ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, who knows), but definitely something to keep in mind.PresentationThe graphics do their job well, but won't exactly catch your eye. Overall, the style and color scheme of the game are alot more impressive than the polygon count. Yellow and orange are very prevelent here, and it fits in very nicely with the aesthetic. I have heard a lot of people complaining about the performance, but I haven't personally experienced any of that. Another thing I have to metion is the music, oooh the music. It's good, soooooo good. The melancholy, techno and electronic tunes go hand in hand with the bleak nature of the setting, and is probably the most commendable part of the game's presentation.GameplayThe focus of Deus Ex: Human Revolution is to give the player the choice of how they want to play the game. You want to be sneaky and avoid all confrontation? Sure, you can do that! Want to run in, guns a'blazing? By all means (throwing trashcans is also a viable option)! Deus Ex always gices you these oppurtunities, and you are very rarely forced into into a certain playstyle (not always, though). By investing what is called praxis points, this game's upgrades, into certain abilities, you can create the character you want to play as. Just be mindful about what build you're going for, and don't waste 'em on useless crap. Another very welcome gameplay feature is hacking. This little minigame may seem intimidating at first, but you'll soon find youself hacking every door and computer terminal in the general vicinity. It's so much fun!However, when a game offers so many gameplay possibilities, it usually doesn't pull each off very successfully. I mean, don't get me wrong, the stealth and the shooting, they work, but it's far from the best I've ever experienced. Weapons aren't particularly impactful, the enemy A.I. clunky etc.This is commonly referred to as jack of all trades, master of none. Another huge letdown in the gameplay department are the boss battles. I know these were improved from the old version, but they are definitely still the lowpoints of the singleplayer campaign. They're just regular blokes with a boatload of health, not what a boss battle should be (a test of everything the player has learned up to that point). The ending boss fight especially is a huge letdown.ConclusionA great game that, despite some flaws, is still worth checking out. I give it a weak 8/10"
76561197991962805,Recommended,238010,15273347,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Slick Willeh,Doesn't suck
76561198248047256,Recommended,238010,18454621,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,dupdegrave94,this was awesome to playwish their was he augmentation to have adam jensens arm turns into a gun like barret in the first boss battle. other than that  it was a truly amazing game for me to play.
76561198028325739,Recommended,238010,9740165,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,P1,If you liked Deus Ex Human Revolution this game is must have.
76561198256113726,Not Recommended,238010,20904029,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,mattgratson,"This game is amazing. Until you get to the DLC and it bones you out of all your hard earned praxis kits. I spent hours redoing quests to try every possible ending for them, just to see if one of them would net me a praxis kit. I can't believe this."
,Recommended,238010,14120917,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Mephis182,"I'm having major issues with the pc version, what a shame (yes I went there) but I beat it three times on Xbox so 10/10"
76561198020208276,Not Recommended,238010,29150850,Posted: 9 January,all,Dominic Decoco,The game runs poorly. The director's cut is based on an old unpatched build of the original game. Buy the the original version instead where the performance issues have been patched.
,Recommended,238010,10883613,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,PsyЯen,"Robocop would be proud, 10/10"
76561198029274041,Recommended,238010,29672540,Posted: 3 February,all,babustango,"I agree with others. This is a Master Piece. I recently too bought DXMD, the sequence."
,Recommended,238010,9647722,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Eddy Spaghetti,game
76561198004734274,Recommended,238010,26427189,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,PPsh41,Awesome game. Would recommend.
,Recommended,238010,26437455,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,alejandro_lcf,Great game !!
,Recommended,238010,14527398,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,乇乂ㄒ尺卂 ㄒ卄丨匚匚,"this game is a perfect representation of the cyberpunk genre, also the levels are like sex for your eyes"
76561198134431162,Recommended,238010,18671338,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,R0K3TC4T,"1.buy game2.play3.get good4.carry turret though level AIMBOT HAX0R15.RK MONTEVALO ALL the people6.die 5 times in a row from falling RAGEQUITsereous revewmix of assasins creed, gta 5,cod 2 and left 4 dead in one gamevery cheap 4 quality a must have for all gamers highly reccomend420/10p.s. BUY THIS GAME NOWp.p.s. STOP STALLING BUY NOW"
,Recommended,238010,10564777,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,The Guardian Devil,"Fantastic game! Tough moral choices, good gameplay mechanics, fantastic story, great artistic design and beautiful soundtrack.  Loved it 10/10Note: This is not a comparison to the first version of the game, as I have not played that."
76561198072026241,Recommended,238010,28745058,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Cyral Drive,Yes
,Recommended,238010,7777814,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Remove Nilfgaard,One of the best stealth-action-rpg-cyberpunk game!You know what? One of the best games at all!
,Recommended,238010,13833048,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Miikkb ♪,best game ever you can pretend that you have social skills
,Recommended,238010,13491952,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Soleus,"Just as awesome as the base game, just better."
76561198036370684,Recommended,238010,13827625,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Tutor71,"I've always wanted this game on my xbox but never had the money, then i got it on steam with a deal and it for me has been one of my best games. i highly recommend you get a 360 controller for it that way it's easier to play."
,Recommended,238010,22488568,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,PhilipPino,
,Recommended,238010,18942001,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Doomsday Orange,Be sure to stay around durning the credits. Square Enix got a surprise for ya.
,Recommended,238010,21806723,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Large Leader,"In Deus Ex Human Revolution, you play as Adam Jensen, a cop-turned-bodyguard-turned-cyborg ater an attack by cyborgs leaves you with no arms, no eyes, and every bone in your body broken. Then, you set out to track down the people behind the attack, and ♥♥♥♥ their days up. I haven't beaten the story yet, so no comment on that.9/10, would beat up a homeless black man again."
,Recommended,238010,15487399,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,SKINS AHAHAHAHAHAHAHA,"Wow...Just finished my first playthrough and it took me around 20 hours.This game is simply amazing, and captivated me throughout the whole game. The story is well constructed and the characters are great! Although, there were a few people in the game I didn't like much so I ended up murdering them in the late stages of the game. It gives you choice from how you play, to what Adam says and does. The cutscenes in this game look great, but the game does have a yellowish tinge to it.And then there are the augments.They range from a cloaking device to being able to create explosions around you in a 360 degree arc, killing any nearby enemies. The range of augments is amazing, and more importantly, they enable you to play the game your way. The range of weapons is also great and different weapons will suit different playstyles.Really, I don't have anything negative to say about this game, apart from a few minor bugs and glitches. By far the greatest game I have played in a long time. Would reccomend for all.9.8/10"
,Recommended,238010,10114491,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,jayarce06,Deus Ex is an excellent game
,Recommended,238010,10139865,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Armadillo,"Urine Simulator 2011. 10/10 would ask for it again.You can zap someone in the bum with a taser and throw carboard boxes at your foes. What more do you need? Oh, and ♥♥♥♥ ogres."
,Recommended,238010,10141575,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,DragonSeeker,I love the game.  :D
76561198041117156,Recommended,238010,10100683,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,danielcutthroat,awesome!
76561197999413547,Recommended,238010,18809043,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,VAPE NATION VΛ,"It's a really good game. Reminds me of Metal Gear Solid (I only play the first 3 solid titles). But I think it is more challenging (the stealth aspect) and therefore more addictive to get right. For example, in MG games you can usually lure 1 guard out of his group patrol by tapping on a wall. He'll predictably go ""Huh?"" and then you take that single guy out, kind of like how a horror movie monster goes after people, one by one. In this game, the tacticital options provided to you are not as simple/easy.One big problem though, is the stutering. I hate it when I have to spend my time googling various registry edits to solve/test/develop games. That's not my job, I already do enough of that at work and I come here to escape that -_-. Finally, I still get stuttering (I have an R280X). Not as bad, but still the game engine clearly has issues. But, stuttering isn't that bad since it isn't a twitched based game anyway, it just breaks the immersion that's all."
,Recommended,238010,20618902,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Kuxe,Like Skyrim with guns17/102dank4me
76561198102249092,Recommended,238010,25534630,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Microsoft Visio 2013,"The tale of the revolver hoarder.There was once a man,whith a chrome tanwho under his armtook revolver ammo cansas well as all energy barsking of all♥♥♥♥♥♥♥he thought he wasuntil he fought a b0sscloacked he becameand his revolver aimedafter the boss he maimedon his greateness he cameall later bosses too fellto his explsive spellinvisible to tellThe revolver hoarder's taleAND I PLAYED ON EXPERT"
76561198084209515,Recommended,238010,9723935,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Sicario,"Has super human military grade augmentations, allowing him to turn invisible, survive bullets to the chset, can fall multiple heights without getting hurt, and can punch through walls.Cant sprint longer than 3 seconds."
76561198068480532,Recommended,238010,13398620,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Bookmouse,"Meh, it was ok."
76561198105628870,Recommended,238010,14187597,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,TheBostonBomber,"I always loved Deus Ex. I played human revolution a long time ago on my xbox 360 back before i could afford to build a sick gaming rig... Many years later, here I am with a rig which trumps any ps4 or xbox one ten times over, playing this old amazing game (which I also ended up revisiting sleeping dogs as well, I mean square enix stories are quite simply amazing) and am enjoying it a lot! I would def recommend this game to anyone looking for a stealth/action rpg, with a completely original story line! 11/10!"
,Recommended,238010,23046724,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Inari the Kitsune,"Very fun game, highly recommend it.  Liked the New Game + option once you beat it."
76561198084233799,Not Recommended,238010,13206269,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,The Bad Guy,It's not as fun as you might think it is.
,Recommended,238010,33032586,Posted: 30 June,all,Bryo,You get to tase people.10/10
,Recommended,238010,30934343,Posted: 3 April,all,afk,What a shame...
,Recommended,238010,13901841,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,UnlivingGnome,"From my experiences, this game contains no more bugs than it's original version. Stability is good, but I've experienced a few crashes, but not many (I think 5 or less during my 26 hours of game time).The additional DLC content that comes along with the Directors Cut gave me three more hours of content and tied directly into the campaign (occuring at about the 3/4th point).Human Revolution is an RPG FPS that gives the option of non lethal and stealthy means to complete objectives. There are quite a sidequests, and they all reward well.A great game, just like the original version. If you want more details, reading reviews of the non-Director's Cut edition of the game, or by looking at more reviews for this game. I've seen other people complain of major instability with this version, but I've yet to experience any major concerns."
,Recommended,238010,23715671,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Mr. Matt,"I haven't taken the time to make a top 10 games of all time (for me, personally, of course) list, but if I did, I'm fairly certain this game would go on it. If you liked the original Deus Ex (I thought it was alight), or if you liked Vampire The Masquerade Bloodlines (that would be #1 on my top games list), you would be likely to enjoy this game. It's the same premise: small hub areas populated with NPCs who have a few quests/missions for you. Some of these missions are clearly to complete the game, while others are to get money and experience to improve your character and arsenal. You can save your skill points and spend them at any time, so you can be bold and invest them all as soon as you get them, or you can hold off on spending those points until you see a must-have skill to take care of a situation that's troubling you (i.e. a breakable wall or movable vending machine you need an upgrade to handle.You get experience points just from finding multiple paths through places, so it's very beneficial to search each nook and cranny, and you'll likely find more experience and ammo by doing so. Inventory space is limited, and if you're a total miser with your items like me, then you'll have to sell some things at shops, or drop the least awesome items you have. You could just pick a spot on the hub map and dump your crap there that you don't need, and come pick it up later. That said, if your character is leaving the entire city to go to a different city (it's pretty obvious when this is happening), that's when you'll want to consolidate your stuff or lose those extra items forever. It's not very stressful, though. I get butthurt over this sort of thing, but it didn't even trouble me all that much on my three playthroughs (I completed non-Director's Cut twice and Director's Cut once...or maybe I did the original more than that? I can't recall. I digress!).If you sell a lot of items and don't just buy whimsically, you'll have tons of money. Have one gun you want to fully upgrade? You can afford the parts, sure. You might want to wait and see if you get any from searching the various levels, though, because you find a lot of parts for free.  Long story short, don't go nuts with your cash and you'll have plenty. I always had piles more than I needed, while another one of my Steam friends was bankrupt pretty much the whole game.Sneaking is easier than fighting, and despite me sucking at video games, I whooped this game on the highest difficulty, because if you're sneaky, it's hardly any tougher than the easier difficulties. You're also rewarded with more XP by using stealth non-lethal takedowns. You can beat this game and only kill the bosses, in fact. Heck, there's an achievement for it; same for setting off no alarms (one alarm goes off at the top of a building in a cutscene, but it's scripted and does not count against you ;) ).The story is pretty decent, though not amazing. Some of the characters are pretty memorable, though hardly as many as in VtM Bloodlines. This Director's Cut doesn't really change anything story-wise, except it inserts the DLC of the original game into this game as a natural part of the narrative. It's a little odd, but it sure beats having to load a separate game file and having to stop late-game for it to make any sense, as was the case before the Director's Cut. Also, everyone's (including mine) biggest gripe about the original release, is that the major enemies/bosses were only capable of being dealt with in combat, which made a hacker/sneaker character worthless and spoiled the multiple path and playstyle gameplay that the title proclaimed to have. In the Diretor's Cut, on the other hand, these bosses have hacking/stealth alternatives in the main game. You won't be doing stealth takedowns, but you can run like hell, hide a little, and activate very deadly tech which you can use to take out these bosses without firing a single shot from your own weapons.Long story short, this game is great, and if you enjoy cyberpunk settings, first person RPGs with stealth, cybernetic abilities, and skill acquisition where you can hang onto points and spend them as you please, you would likely really enjoy this game."
,Recommended,238010,13627048,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,✪Muenster,Good.
,Recommended,238010,33163489,Posted: 2 July,all,CrunchyO123,Good story and good gameplay.
,Recommended,238010,16453348,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,AnAngrryWalrus,Why didn't I wait until the sale?
,Recommended,238010,22851014,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Autopilot,"Cybernetically altered my legs just so I could slam dunk at a basketball court I found.10/10 would become basketball pro again...But in all seriousness, this game is fantastic. So much depth, voice acting is pretty good, and I've already realized how many different paths can be taken. Absolutely buy it."
,Recommended,238010,29776544,Posted: 7 February,all,HuliAho89,I really dig this game. Even in '17
76561198060353398,Recommended,238010,9671952,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,[HAN]tongzhou930,I ask for this
76561198006705935,Recommended,238010,10140213,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,jugs27,without a doubt one of the best games i have ever played! BUY BUY BUY!!!!
,Recommended,238010,33038961,Posted: 30 June,all,HxFahmi,1000000/1 IGN
76561198096318404,Recommended,238010,25634512,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Kvaz,Grab your weapon upgrades and unleash your inner tech!Next generation graphics.Next generation atmosphere.(Same old problems of wanting to readeverything.)
76561197972561077,Not Recommended,238010,18515330,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,lowix,"Boss fights are horrible, story is meh, too much sneaking around, and you die easy."
,Recommended,238010,33555879,Posted: 15 July,all,Owltaku gamblershelp.com.au,"There is a enemy up ahead, What do you do?Me: Throws a fridge on his head."
76561197970078168,Recommended,238010,10202329,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,hermetico,"BRUTAL. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!.Another master piece from EIDOS Montreal.RPG with cyberpunk character. Great history, awesome graphics and music.A fascinating game that everybody should enjoy. This is that kind of games where your money was rightly spent.Long enough, deep, well ambiented...It took me a while to get the pulse to the game but, after the 2 first hours, I've found myself really fascinated with it.On the negative side, maybe, too much dialogs that you cannot omit and, too much hacking, what makes some levels a tad boring, if you don't have the pirating tool.But, those are minor flaws. I would be playing this game for a month, if the story worth it."
,Recommended,238010,30725104,Posted: 25 March,all,Olster,"The original DXHR was one of my favourite games of all time for a while. I had one complaint, the bosses (duh). So imagine my surprise when a friend told me to buy this version because they fixed the boss fights. They did indeed fix up the boss fights and actually made them fun. Now there is no excuse not to buy this game, cheap, fun and deep. They should make more like this.(Obviously Mankind Divided was not what I meant by that)"
76561198154984552,Recommended,238010,17856154,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Eidos,"Price : 2,99 €When someone in this game talk about genetics, bio-technology and so on, is like those old movies of the 80s where ""Condencer Fluzo"" was the key word. Even Chewbacca explains better any subject than these scientifics.However, the history is  good and interesing, you can resolve the challenges with a few differents options, the gameplay is great and the game overall is pretty good.Is like a modern System Shock but is not scary -and not so perfect- as ♥♥♥♥. I would put System Shock in higher rank than this game but many years between them to be precise, and certainly, this as well as Bioshock are probably the best spiritual sequels to that game."
,Not Recommended,238010,18509574,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Fegelmast Alcoholismus Finlandus,"How in the hell does this game have 91% positive rating? THE GAME IS♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥I TELL YOU!Played it for a hour or so, uninstalled.Why?Well first of all, if you arent doing stealth, youre gonna get shot dead in 3 bullets, but this isnt a problem because i prefer stealth, but having a really really really bad stealth system doesnt help.But what really pushed me over the edge and made me uninstall was the death animation, duke nukem forever tier.tl;dr worst game played since duke nukem forever"
,Recommended,238010,23325220,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,☜JpXn☞,"very fun and rewarding, makes you think about our society and the advancements! very good game 9/10"
76561197960537685,Recommended,238010,34643258,Posted: 31 August,all,Uncle Ben's,Ebin
,Recommended,238010,14944817,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,FrosTytheNoob,Cool shades... 10/10
,Recommended,238010,7494395,"Posted: 27 October, 2013",all,DarkByke,Didn't have to charge for this but.... meh...
,Not Recommended,238010,21827662,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Brentkilla,Cannot finish this game (Ran out of saved memory)
,Recommended,238010,10889243,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,شيل مجانا,Original game + DLC combined into one huge♥♥♥♥♥game. Also fixed some bosses. 10/10.
76561198155926108,Recommended,238010,17506635,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,legion29snake,Good story line as well as great game level design.
,Not Recommended,238010,19111146,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Trevor Goodchild,"I wanted to love this game and honestly, it's ok.But.It feels dated.I played the first Deus Ex when it first came out. DXHR is a neat hommage to the first one. Actually, it feels too close to the original one for me : the world is very schematic. The story, the characters, the theme, everything feels one dimensional. The so called ""depth"" of the Deus Ex games comes solely from exposition and logs that are firstly very boring to read and secondly not interesting. I'm an avid SciFi reader and DXHR feels older than anything written in the 1970's. DXHR's SciFi layer is essentially chrome for a power fantasy. At least, a game like Crysis aknowlegdes this aspect and focuses on the gameplay. Here, it's really a mixed bag.The only aspect I really enjoyed (or at least that intrigued me) was the ""social enhancement"" or whatever they call it. In some (rare) dialogues, you can evaluate the person you're talking with, diffuse pheromones and either charm or pressure the persons depending on their personality type. It's still schematic but the creators clearly put a lot of thought into it. You actually have to read them, and it's not as obvious (and stupid) as LA Noire where a liar will have a forced ""liar's face"". For me, it was the only occurence where the characters in DXHR felt like there was some depth to them.The graphics feel already old. At every step, you feel the walls of the world. And it's ugly.Every quest, even the main one, feel like uninsteresting fetch quests. Go here, get this, get that, go there, bla bla.Gameplay is ok but really not that engaging. Just compare it to Styx, a humble yet rigorous stealth game with real challenge, wonderful level design and you'll understand what I miss here.A good game may have good gameplay and a mediocre story. I can even accept an uninteresting gameplay with an excellent story. But a mediocre gameplay with a mediocre story make a mediocre game.Sure, the stealth aspect of the game can be quite exciting. But DXHR is one of those games where everything is obvious. Air vents are just waiting for you everywhere. You can snipe anyone and carry their bodies at will. And if anything gets a bit difficult, you can save and reload endlessly.It feels like work.I was trying to play for quite a while but I stopped when the first side quest involving drug dealers came up.Drug dealers ? Isn't there anything else to say in a cyberpunk universe involving transhumans ? I agree that it is somehow linked to the theme.But, man, it's so boring."
,Recommended,238010,14478338,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,ilitarist,This review is augmented.
76561198022370609,Recommended,238010,13012079,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Tiny Trees,"EDITED OPINION: (Note of thanks to those that rated review as it was. Only 2 of twelve agreed with my previous negative opinion, but thanks to all.)Dissapointed was an understatement, when I started this game. At first I found it terrible.In the opening scenes like the burning building, for a 2011 game the graphics are flat. I mean the maximum video RAM it has used so far it 600MB. Counter Strike Source uses that much and it's ancient and looks ancient.Everything you can pick up or interact with glows with an orange border. Therefor every environment you enter has glowing objects. At first this made me feel ten years old, but it blends in somehow to the gameplay.I wondered if it was going to get good. Luckily it does.The good points:The story and mission are well worth interest.F5 and F8 make it very playable. If it had checkpoints I would have quit by now.Initially I found most object models pitiful. However sooner rather than later just the amount of objects in places gives it believability.Bad points:It was such a slow starter.It still feels quite slow and clunky.The graphics are still quite weak. (Though this can be a plus point because modest PC's can run it.)Getting lost is easy. Traversing from one side of the map to the other involves regular failed attempts. (This is one of the aspects that makes it feel slow.)I don't like the orange look to everything.I have changed my recommendation from 'no' to 'yes', but only just. After about 1.5 hours I thought what a waste of money and excitement. I was all for uninstalling. However I raised my thoughts in Steam forum and was assured that it was an OK game. This and its positive reviews made me determined to try more however disjointed I felt about it. On reflection I am glad I played on.I definitley feel drawn into the charcter, and the helicopter pilot character. I only wish it was mechanically a little more advanced."
,Recommended,238010,29983552,Posted: 17 February,all,Saeedo1998,I never asked for this game.
76561198049109005,Recommended,238010,16227333,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,JinXx,"I now understand why people hate the end, to not quote another game....But stealth, give me more stealth, gotta love it to be a smooth operator."
76561198078818972,Recommended,238010,16695783,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Polly Milkslapper,"The prequal to Deus Ex is pretty much what everyone hoped for; a good Deus Ex game.  The game takes place in 2027, so it's a lot easiar to see this future becoming true.  While Deus Ex was about humanity creating an A.I that was pretty much a god, Human Revolution is about the ethics of human augmentation.  You play as Adam Jensen, a man who got his upgrades unwillingly after an orginization attacks the company he works for and takes their science team.  What follows in an epic globe trotting adventure that'll take you from Detroit, to Hengsha, to Montreal, then Singapore, and ending in Antarctica.  Back again are the selection of augmentation upgrades that will help you take on your foes easier, now with a lot more focus on them.  You can still play it your way, however, it's been boiled down to ""kill or don't kill"".  You only have guns now, no melee for some reason.  The game is not held back by that, however.  You also have a lot more control over the character you play as, Adam.  He can go from a good guy, to a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ with a capital ""D"" in a second, and it's fun to watch.  All in all, I recomend this game to anyone who liked the first one."
76561198186812151,Recommended,238010,29311278,Posted: 16 January,all,clarkeveritas,"The combat might not be rock-solid and the individual levels might be smaller than the original Deus Ex.... but all the parts of this game add up to an all-time classic..... albeit one with a tad too much yellow in the color scheme.  The story has enough pull to where you REALLY want to see what happens and where things are going and there are quite a few ""Oh ****"" moments where things take off in a direction you wouldn't expect.  Some people complain that the lead character is a bit too monotone and flat... but I rather liked him.  A dry but witty sense of humor and a complete bad*** without being tacky or steriotypical.The game itself is essentially a large number of equations that must be solved and you are given a TON of tools in which to solve them.... but you won't have ALL the tools at your disposal until VERY late in the game.  In the meantime you must carefully pick and choose which upgrades and augments you wish to unlock.  Through Praxis Kits, which can be found and bought, and through gaining experience for your actions and accomplishments, you gain ""Points"", which are your currency for upgrading your character.  There is cloaking, enhanced jumping ability, enhanced armor, ability to fall from extreme heights, resistance from EMP/electrical damage, silent movements.... etc etc.  In this regard it is very similar to the original Deus Ex.  There might be a few more items in the toolset in the older Deus Ex (Not Invisible War, though.... where you only get the choice of 5 augments out of a total of 15 options) but in the older game you must find SPECIFIC upgrade packages for SPECIFIC abilities.... example- to get Enhanced Jumping you must find a kit that allows you to unlock Enhanced Jumping.  This system means you might not be able to get certain abilities until late in the game.... one of the things I LOVE about Human Revolution is that you simply earn points and then can use those points to unlock ANY Augment/Ability you choose.  If you want to unlock Invisibility first- you can do so.  Or Enhanced Jumping, or Enhanced Strength, etc.  I've played through the game 3 times, 2 on PS3 and once on PC... and have had very different experiences each time.  With different abilities I've been able to find many different ways to get through each part of the game.... my first playthrough I didn't unlock Jumping or Strength until the very end of the game- my last playthrough I unlocked them both as soon as I could- and found shortcuts, secrets, all sorts of cool stuff.  While I found those 2 abilities in particular to be quite useful- each ability can be quite useful in the right hands in the right circumstances.  Some are certainly MORE useful than others, but all have their uses.This is also quite a long game, especially if you explore, read people's computers/emails, search through the game's hub areas, talk to everyone, do side quests, etc.  My last playthrough was 43 hours and that was with me going all rambo-kill-everyone in the last few areas.  I probably like this game about as much as the original Deus Ex..... if that game's graphics were better I'd put that one ahead by a little bit- I'm not a graphics snob but when it comes to First Person Games I feel graphics are more important than in most cases.In short- this is a TERRIFIC game.  Great story, very good gameplay, an amazing suite of tools in which to work through the game in wildy different ways.  The combat isn't super-smooth but it is still quite good.... the combat is much improved in Mankind Divided, though.  More and cooler augments, too.  On that note- don't worry about all the people slamming Mankind Divided.... it was a bit sluggish when playing on Ultra- but plays wonderful on Very High and High with the anti-aliasing turned down a few pegs.  Prague is an AMAZING hub, too, perhaps the best I've ever seen in a game.  Many of the complaints about Mankind Divided are from people that, when you distill their comments, are upset that they had to turn their graphics down.  That, or that they don't like some of the DLC offered.  Just read through some of their comments and you'll see what I mean.  I'm only about 12 hours in on Mankind Divided and it's been 12 of the best gaming hours I've ever had.  Unrelated to Human Revolution, I know, but I'm just so frustrated that the current rating for MD is ""mixed""- but most of the complaints have nothing to do with the actual quality of the game.  I'm just worried that this will chase off sales and thus hurt the chances of another Deus Ex game."
,Recommended,238010,31502618,Posted: 2 May,all,pennywise the child beater,Edgy as f**k.7/10
76561198054007994,Recommended,238010,31275740,Posted: 21 April,all,Леонид Куцевалов,Best cyberpank ever for me!Very good game!
76561198136943883,Recommended,238010,35059836,Posted: 19 September,all,Roland861228,awesome game :)
76561198359666382,Recommended,238010,35174504,Posted: 24 September,all,Chubbzmcnasty,10/10 crate is too heavy.
,Recommended,238010,26966471,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Dem0nFlare,AWESOMe!!!
,Recommended,238010,35238722,Posted: 27 September,all,Es el Sam xd,Fridges are too heavy.8/10
76561198023714488,Recommended,238010,8674005,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Anvos,"Good game that has a decent mix of shooter, stealth, and rpg even though you have a fixed protagonist.  Ending seems to feel better with the choice thing than Mass Effect 3 did."
76561198073952047,Recommended,238010,12132104,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,ARC RC 1136,I had this game for Xbox 360 and it was on sale here so I bought it. This is a game for those who like stealth and don't really like to shoot your way through the whole map. I mean you can but whats the point? You can go a whole game with out being seen for those with the skill to do so.
,Recommended,238010,10330578,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,McGurk,"Didn't really care for the game's marketing campaign.Watched a stream of the game when it was leaked and thought it looked great.Ended up buying it on release because of the stream and loving the hell out of the game, boss fights in the original version were atrocious but manageable, but the game more than made up for them.Definately a good buy, any day of the week."
,Recommended,238010,14954353,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Warxa,I asked for this.
,Recommended,238010,25411708,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,King Slimload,"Deus Ex: Human Revolution is a great game, with tons of ways to play through the game.  You can even kill people, by throwing dumpsters at them!"
,Recommended,238010,12290199,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Gondola Gause,Still one of the best games of the last five to ten years. The Director's Cut just wraps it all up nicely.
,Recommended,238010,19979045,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,kala captain,"its really good, it is really yellow., but don;t let that sway you against the game, its really good"
76561198094545749,Recommended,238010,12417757,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,metroidcell,"9/10Pros:+ I play games for story and this game delivers in that department very well.+ This game provides two ways to play: stealth and action. Maybe half the bosses (or more) can even be beaten with stealth but its not obvious for those used to drawing their guns at the first sighting of a boss.+ Weapon choices were pretty good but stealth weapons could use more variety.+ the evironment is unique, color palete is cool, and seeing a future that doesn't stray drastically from the realm of possibility is also a plus.+I like the ending but the developers probably could have done more given how well and how many good cutscenes they created thrughout the game.+I absolutely loved being able to get different results based on how I solved or didn't solve a side or main mission.+Actions have consequences in this game and I love that. I wish they added just a little bit more here since they handled it so well (Far better than the walkng Dead and the Wolf Amongst Us, both of which I really enjoyed).Cons:- Graphics could probably be better- some weapons were kind of a let down like the shot gun.-once you find certain weapons they will be your go to till the end which happens early in the game but unfortunately they don't change much despite this being the future and all.-learning curve takes a little while becuase there is just so much here but learning comes with time and its worth it.Really great game! Geniuinely surprised I hadn't heard of this before."
,Not Recommended,238010,10883150,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Xsonic,"Unpolished Director's cut. Lots of STUTTERING and some TEXTURE BUGS compared to the original DX:HR. A copy paste of the game and DLCs into one, without the patches. A huge turn off from playing the game.Apparently they did not even QA test this thing long enough and decided to rush out the product to grab some fast cash from fans. It has been several months now and still NO ANSWER from EIDOS about the issues. They totally dropped the project after release and went on with their lives as if nothing had happened."
,Recommended,238010,35404743,Posted: 1 October,all,RipCurl,"Pretty good so far, im liking the stealth mode in the game. The game doesnt seem like it keeps the good missions in the beggining, but it seems like it changes to an open world game. I stole from the police, so rip my game save. Worth 4$, but im not sure if its worth any more than 10$"
,Recommended,238010,34447010,Posted: 23 August,all,Bonzeee,cyberpunk kino
,Recommended,238010,27893133,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Trillian,The thought of the future and what will become of the human race has always been fascinating. This game is beyond words. It blew my mind away.
,Recommended,238010,27906244,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,markishome359,"This is still one of the best games I've ever played, and I'll love it forever. Perfect update to the original systems and a masterful transition into the modern era."
,Recommended,238010,27891135,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,ocaceres86,"Great game, I played a while ago, since I both it I'm trying to get all achivements"
,Recommended,238010,19036981,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Real Entity | SMepoert,"One of the greatest games of all time. The story is diverse and draws you in, being extremely interesting while also allowing you to influence it in huge ways with your actions. This is one of those games that lets you try anything, and will respond to what you do. Your choice of lethal/nonlethal throughout the game will affect what others think of you, and that character you killed halfway through might have been a valuable asset later on. Every action in this game comes to fruition at some point. In most games, if you are given an ""urgent call"" to an area, you can get there whenever you want and it will all be fine. In Deus Ex, you may well turn up to a much worse situation if you are late.You can choose many paths in this game. You can choose a non-lethal stealthy playstyle, with hiding behind cover, step dampeners, stun guns, and cloaking. Or you can choose full guns blazing raze everyone to the ground style, which is a little less of a challenge, but equally fun with the extensive weapon upgrade system, and the range of super satisfying weapons, including an augment to turn yourself into a frag grenade.This Directors Cut is the perfect version of the game: far superior to buying the main game and the DLC separately. It features slightly updated graphics and boss battles, the latter of which is the sole reason you NEED this version of the game. The original version had boss fights where you had to just shoot them with very little strategy: if you had tailored your character to non lethal sneaking/hacking etc, you had a very hard time. I remember spending an hour on one of the fights because I didn't have any lethal weapons, and I kept dying before I could pick any up. Now though, there are alternate hidden routes which can take advantage of your stealth and hacking skills, so the fights are much more agreeable. Not to mention that the extra missions included in the two DLCs for the original version are included here for free, and are integrated perfectly into the gameplay (rather than having to close Deus Ex, load the DLC, then open Deus Ex again), it really does make it a perfect package.I would say this game is essential for literally everyone. It can be a stealthy story driven RPG where you negotiate your way out of things, or it can be a rather excellent first person shooter with a fantastic story. Get it"
,Recommended,238010,17548136,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,S็p็u็r็g็o็,good gaem
76561198050807294,Recommended,238010,25231961,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Celtic Warrior,Very good!
76561198345957633,Recommended,238010,30216159,Posted: 27 February,all,Skoukalir,Never played a Deus Ex game before and absolutely loved this one. It's a steal at 20$ even though I originally bought it for 5.Gameplay - 10/10Story - 9/10Soundtrack - 7.5/10Replayability - 8/10Overall - 9.5/10
,Recommended,238010,30193667,Posted: 26 February,all,Highpinghero,This my friend is some extreme spice
76561198065934871,Recommended,238010,13600393,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Silverspork,"It's cyberpunk, corporate espionage, and global conspiracies rolled into one, beautifully aesthetic package. If you allow it, Deus Ex: Human Revolution will suck you in and let go only after the rollercoaster is over.The world is dark and the people you'll meet along the way have their own agendas, so trust will be hard to place. Your choices affect missions down the road, forcing you to think about not just the present, but also the future. The game levels are very well crafted. There are multiple layers to exploit, allowing for sneaky playthroughs, or guns-a-blazing approaches.Above all, the storyline is fantastic. It's a long game (especially at higher levels of difficulty) so interest has to be maintained at all times. The game world is alive. It breathes and pushes back at your every action. E-books are spread around the world, allowing you to delve into the lore just like Bioshock's recordings allowed you to. Characters are fleshed out and realistic, making them believable enough to make you wonder just what it is they do when the game isn't running.If you enjoy a good story, immersive environments, or just want a good romp through an aesthetically beautiful world, then this game is for you. If not, then you should just pick it up anyways. You won't regret it."
,Recommended,238010,15354745,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,NuclearOption,Great Game!
76561198005882358,Recommended,238010,8197074,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,hartvigson,"This is almost as good as the original but sadly way shorter. It's around a third of the size of the original but the modern graphics makes the environments a lot nicer. There are a lot of different solutions to each mission, violent or non-violent. It's a game I recommend!"
,Recommended,238010,7918690,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,kdodds,"A much better successor to ME2 than ME3.  Less RPG, more action, like ME2, but a much titghter, more interesting and well developed story than ME3."
,Recommended,238010,34750331,Posted: 4 September,all,Agent Deathbat,Essential for any stealth hawk's library.
76561198003380651,Not Recommended,238010,12118058,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,beyondtool,A blatant cash grab. The promised support for second screens like iPads never materialised. The improved textures are nearly impossible to spot and the changes to the yellow filter affect the mood of the game in a negative way.  The cut scene movies are still horribly low res and blocky and the ingame animations stilted. If you played the original and are desperate for this I'd recommend the Wii version as a least you will see some actual gameplay difference beyond a few boss fights.I have actually played the first few levels despite my steam playtime saying 0.
,Recommended,238010,35428432,Posted: 2 October,all,I'm thinking,This game is good.
76561198319823094,Recommended,238010,35463183,Posted: 3 October,all,p a c i f i s t,"Game is good on windows, however would not boot on a macOS device as advertised"
,Recommended,238010,35423083,Posted: 2 October,all,Doomguy,The only reason it wasn't GOTY was because of Skyrim. 'Nuff said.
,Recommended,238010,35429469,Posted: 2 October,all,ehsgoalie,Hey that's pretty good
,Not Recommended,238010,30284028,Posted: 2 March,all,Cobalt Mongoose,Director's Cut was mastered from an inferior version than the original Human Revolution. Long pauses when loading menus terrible graphics and some reported bugs. It has yet to be fixed.
,Not Recommended,238010,35188673,Posted: 24 September,all,the KRIS,"Game is built for 720p with a UI that doesn't scale. If you've got a 2k or (god forbid) 4k monitor, the game is going to be borderline unplayable due to miniscule fonts and a scope view the size of a thimble."
,Not Recommended,238010,8536973,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,THE GOD OF HEIGHTS,dis gem is suk
,Not Recommended,238010,24700636,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,TSMAC88,"This is one of the best games ever made! It rivals the best movies as far as story and depth... but the PC port is terrible, mainly the fact that the HUD scales to the resolution. so the game is unplayable unless you are playing in 720p"
,Recommended,238010,13764888,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Tross,This is my favorite game of all time.It's also a awesome prequel(Didn't think those could be good)Very compelling and complex story.Very immersive.9.6/10 GET IT TO JUMP 9FEET IN THE AIR AND DUCK BASKETBALLS.YOU ALSO MEET MICHAEL JORDAN AND HES THE LEADER OF THE ILLUMINADEHE ALSO HAS HAIRAND LIKES CAPSI'M MICHAEL JORDAN?
,Not Recommended,238010,11466393,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Xemulas,"Finished out of spite. Never uninstalled a game so fast.Second-rate b-movie cyberpunk story populated with unrelatable 1-dimensional cardboard cutout characters. I was never able to truly immerse myself and forget that I was playing a game, mainly because the♥♥♥♥♥♥over-head approach to stealth left me hitting F5 every few minutes and constantly reloading.Let me put it this way. You put in your 20 hours or so, and you get some half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Mass Effect 3 ending (literally 4 buttons you can press), but without any of the emotional investment, fluid gameplay, or deep in-game universe.Wouldn't recommend this tripe to my worst enemy."
,Not Recommended,238010,8560949,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Noodleboy3000,"The game isn't fluid, the gameplay itself is terrible and the animations are awful. The game runs mediocrely and it has awkward controls."
,Recommended,238010,12264261,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Real Life Goth Girl,I never asked to make a review
,Not Recommended,238010,8705588,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Merry,"I adore the main bulk of this game.  It's flawless.  The issue is the included compulsory DLC section of the game, which strips your equipment from you and then only gives you your upgrade points and ammo back - not weapons.  This renders hours of scounging credits and upgrading guns totally worthless, as well as forcing you to have to play the final stages of the game with what you had left over from the DLC.  Ie, a pistol and a stun gun.DLC needs to be fixed or made optional, then the game is perfect.  Until that time I would avoid it (coming from someone who loves this game)."
,Not Recommended,238010,23824005,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Crab Dubious  ͜..,"The game started up with half-second audio delays on most actions, primarily gunfire. Searching for a solution to the issue resulted in dozens of separate forum posts with the same issue dating from 2015 to the game's release in 2011, with no solutions anywhere. Refunded game immediately."
,Not Recommended,238010,23898388,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Genubath,I would love this game if it didn't crash so much (and if I could fix said crashes)
76561198073755526,Not Recommended,238010,13869226,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,nervous laughter,"Maybe I just don't 'get' this game, but I can't say I enjoyed my time with Deus Ex:HR. I've never played a Deus Ex game before, hell I'm not even a RPG guy, but I kinda know it's a difficult game, combining stealth and combat and resource management, based in the near future with robots and implants and all that stuff.Firstly, this game has serious technical problems. I don't think I saw any bugs, but the Director's Cut is apperently made on an older, buggier version of the game. After the around SIX HOUR install time on fast internet, I was greeted by a menu which allowed me to choose graphics. I don't know the specs of my Laptop, but it plays other games like Dishonored and TF2 all fine, so I chose normal to be on the safe side. However, the framerate chugs along in the single figures, and goes even lower when the shooting starts. And you can't change it in game, AT ALL. Am I gonna wait another 6 hours to reinstall? Hell no, so I lumped it and tried to play.Also, the interfaces are total♥♥♥♥♥♥ Rather than give us numbers for things like mouse sensitivity and FOV, there's just little yellow bars, and they're all too small and bob around to the point I felt I was going to be sick.Then the next hurdle, except this time it's not a hurdle, it's a 50 meter tall wall made of knives and spiders. I knew it would be difficult, kinda 'every bullet counts' thing, but not what I expected it. You go through ammo quicker than a 12 year old playing Call of Duty, and you get 1-2 clips worth of ammo on your starting gun (if you choose lethal). Don't choose the revolver, go rifle, but even then you get 20 bullets. And to be honest, that would be fine, but it's not. There's no valid melee option unless you sneak up behind them, but that's just impractical in a room with 10 guys even on easy difficulty. And Adam 'I never asked for this' Jensen takes bullets worse than a biscuit under a steamroller. Also, the stealth is very, very annoying. It's a first person shooter, but turns into third person in cover. If you're ham fisted like myself, you'll find yourself constantly flicking between them. Also, unless you're pressing the right button, you're not 'in cover', so enemies can blast away at your little augmented head just because you haven't become so close to the wall it could probably be called a sex offence.So, guns with greatly limited ammo, no practical melee or alternate removal method, and a half cyborg character who seems to be made out of damp paper and fluff. And a cover system which is straight up non-sentical that's crowbarred in. Fantastic.I give it credit, it looks nice. The Orange lighting everywhere is nice, Adam 'I never asked for this' Jensen looks superb with his Augments. The whole world is futuristic, but looks that we're not that far away from DE:HR's world ourselves.VERDICT: I can only say it's difficult not because it wants to be challening, it's just being deliberatly difficult, and seems to take some perverse pleasure in it. I'm glad I got this on sale, because frankly I want my money back. Maybe it's just because I play 'modern' games, that are 'too easy', but it's just infuriatingly difficult. I suspect the story will have some kind of big things to say, but I got so little in I've genuinely no idea what's going on. I got stuck in one area where I had to stealth around in a location the entire city decided to hang out in, so at the point I just packed it in and wrote this very review.Not angry, dissapointed. I wanted to like DE:HR, but I just couldn't get into it."
,Not Recommended,238010,12068404,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Cyan,"A bland story that struggles to be coherent. Gameplay includes options for stealth, gunplay, and rpg-lite powers. All are pretty mishandled. In every aspect HR attempts, there are several games which are much better."
76561197994826108,Not Recommended,238010,13698125,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,mvno_subscriber,"I notice most of the bad reviews of this game is mostly due to the version; apparently the original is better.I have no idea about that, I haven't played the original but bought this one on sale because it looked neat and got good reviews.On the positive side, it's an exciting story and the option to choose missions, decide how to talk to people (and apparently change the course of the game, who knows) really kicks up the atmosphere. For that, I love this game.On the negative side, your character moves awfully slow, you get killed way too easily and the game revolves a lot around stealth. To top it off, you get more (needed) experience points for managing things in a ""non-lethal"" way. Sorry, but that's just a major turnoff.I want to engage in a rich, atmospheric world AND blaze in through the front entrance killing people with a minigun. Heck, I died so many times on the first level because I didn't want to take cover/duck 'n shoot etc (you run so slow you simply can't jump around). It slows the game down and makes simple firefights tedious.I really want to progress in this game, get to know the story and how things play out. But it's simply too frustrating and boring to get there."
76561198069406150,Recommended,238010,16557023,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,WilliamSwagspeare,░█▀░░░░░░░░░░░▀▀███████░░░░░░█▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀██████░░░░█▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░███████▌░░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░████████░░▐▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀██████▌░░░▌▄███▌░░░░▀████▄░░░░▀████▌░░▐▀▀▄█▄░▌░░░▄██▄▄▄▀░░░░████▄▄░▐░▀░░═▐░░░░░░══░░▀░░░░▐▀░▄▀▌▌▐░░░░░▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀░▀░░▌▌▐░░░▄▀░░░▀░▌░░░░░░░░░░░░▌█░▌▌░▌░░▀▀▄▄▀▀▄▌▌░░░░░░░░░░▐░▀▐▐░░▌░░▌░▄▄▄▄░░░▌░░░░░░░░▐░░▀▐░░░█░▐▄██████▄░▐░░░░░░░░█▀▄▄▀░░░▐░▌▌░░░░░░▀▀▄▐░░░░░░█▌░░░░░░░░█░░▄▀▀▀▀▄░▄═╝▄░░░▄▀░▌░░░░░░░░░▌▐░░░░░░▌░▀▀░░▄▀░░▐░░░░░░░░░░▀▄░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░░░░█░░░░░░░░░░▄█▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▀▀░░░░░░░▌▌░░░░░░░░▄▀▌▀▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▄░░░░░▄▀░░▌░▀▄░░░░░░░░░░▄▀░░▌░▀▄░░░░░░░▌█▄▄▀▄░░░░░░▄▀░░░░▌░░░▌▄▄░░░▄▐██████▄▄░▄▀░░▄▄▄▄▌░░░░▄░░░▄▌████████▄▄▄███████▌░░░░░▄░▄▀░██████████████████▌▀▄░░░░▀░░░█████▀▀░░░▀███████░░░▀▄░░░░░░▐█▀░░░▐░░░░░▀████▌░░░░▀▄░░░░░░░▌░░░▐░░░░▐░░▀▀█░░░░░░░▀░░░░░░▐░░░░▌░░░▐░░░░░▌░░░░░░░░╔╗║░╔═╗░═╦═░░░░░╔╗░░╔═╗░╦═╗░░║║║░║░║░░║░░░░░░╠╩╗░╠═╣░║░║░░║╚╝░╚═╝░░║░░░░░░╚═╝░║░║░╩═╝░
76561198006675472,Not Recommended,238010,24596313,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,sleepyhell,"This is the first game I stopped playing in the middle. I played it for about 7 hours and got so bored that I just stopped. The synchronization is kind of bad and the action is kind of lame. Actually I am really into Scifi, but here I lost track on the story and side missions quite fast.I think the problem is not that the game is bad, but that it aged poorly. If I played it when it came out, I probably would've liked it."
,Not Recommended,238010,14396385,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,KaylaKaze,"This is a buggy piece of crao. I love DX:HR with the exception of the boss fights, so I figured having the boss fights fixed and the DLC integrated would be great. I read about some people have frame rate bugs and I remember those from back in the day, but I figured my rig could deal. Well, I had no frame rate bugs, but had others that make this completely unplayable. First, using non lethal weapons to take people out was killing them (I figured out I needed to alert them before using such weapons, then it didn't kill them). Then quests just started breaking . That's when I could take any more. ♥♥♥♥ you Squenix."
,Not Recommended,238010,9036102,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,dogsolitude_uk,"Be warned: the Director's Cut on PC actually has *worse* graphics than the original. the shaders and post processing are completely broken, leading to lack of reflections on car windows, poorly shaded NPCs (a mysterious 'white glow' around them and darkened faces with well-lit mouths spring to mind). There is a Steam thread devoted to comparison shots between the two versions. Plus it's a bit glitchy and ploddy compared to the original as well.The yellow filter has been removed too, making the game look bland, and somewhat dated (OK, it's three years old now, but still...).Anyway, positives: boss fights have been fixed, and for a couple of quid it's worth getting if you have the original because the commentary is very interesting, but my advice to anyone that doesn't have the original would be to find an old boxed copy of the non-Director's Cut.Eidos were supposed to be bringing out a fix, but we've heard nothing from them since October (four months ago), and the promised second-screen functionality has not appeared yet. There's no player's guide either. That was Wii only.This is a real shame, because the original game is a much loved favourite of mine. It had a great story and was genuinely fun to play, but I simply cannot recommend this version, just get the original and grit your teeth through the boss fights.This kind of puts me in mind of Lucas buggering up Star Wars with crappy CGI, or the Alan Smithee version of Dune. It's a serious own goal by Eidos Montreal and Squeenix, and the worst thing is we have no idea if it's ever going to be fixed or not.Best avoid for now."
,Not Recommended,238010,8953754,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,U.J.H.,I do not recommend the DC version. You can find further details here:http://steamcommunity.com/app/238010/discussions/0/810939351500082257/
,Not Recommended,238010,34338458,Posted: 18 August,all,Leksei,"Well, this is one of those games, that should've been stay unplayed. It  should've continued to be some kind of distant game about which you hear cool stuff but never play. It pains me to give Thumbs down to a series that i thought was iconic cyberpunk story driven game.Incredible premiseCool main hero, with cool cyborg hands, augmentations and implants, which he uses like a badass in every promotion video. Breaking through walls, taking blades out of forearms. All of that of course can be done in the game. Some cool robots\mech design was spotted in them.GameplayUnfortunately it's really not so fun in game as in trailers. In fact most of those trailers itself and plot related content from them, are not even in the game.Well i understand that this is strictly stealth action game whatever difficulty you choose. But still this levels design is awfull. Levels is boring AF. linear corridors where you spend most of your time crawling throught the wents and crates to kill\neuntralize guys with typical stealth like ai, but with hellova good vision and immence firepower. Even with upgrades almost anyone can take you out with couple of shots. It's almost seems like you don't have all those implants, bulletproof vest and all on you. To be fair,  you too can kill them with one button. But it makes me wonder: why is there so much guys with cyborg prothesiss, especially hands, and no one can get out of Jensen grab, even elite spec ops? Kinda setting-killer. Good thing thought, that unlike certatin stealth action like Dishonored, the game doesn't make you life harder when you choose not to kill enemies, the animation length is mostly the same whether you kill, or knock them out. Though the need to always randomly swtich camera and to play animation of random length disorients you a lot, and  almost force you to shoot enemies instead of using close quarters.InterfaceIt's awfull. Almost no time was spent on pc control whatsoever during the development. You can't use most of the game controll buttons in the menus. You must use mouse for most of the operation. It's simply atrocios, i didn't ever think i'd see a modern game with multi page interface where you can't switch pages with shortcuts. Default keys for changing floor on a map is - and = !!! How?! For cyber Jesus sake!Techincal partDIalogues is good enough, but they are really watered down by clunky animation, it's not so bad, just not on the level of games where dialoques is such an important part of the gameplay. Oh god, this rigging on jansen jacket, which make it collar appear to be stuck to his jaw and moving with it's head like on some speed rigged model for animation test or something, whrrrr.https://youtu.be/K9DaNFwCzQU?t=51The ArtSee promotional CGI, it's great.Adam Jensen is a badass. I think i'm not the only one who wanted  to play a game after CGI with him. Cloth  with details that can be seen only in specular, polygonal apparel, inbuilt glasses, stylish bodyarmor on MC. There are a lot of creative designs in there.The plotWell all can this can sometimes be overlooked if the plot is good, right?Well the plot sure is decent. Especially if you're not so much into the cyberpunk settings and doesn't have much to compare to. It picks out some interesting issue(augmentation acceptance) and following it through the game. My biggest complains with it, is that it feels like you were left out from most of the action and events. All, except  the last important events happens outside the player scope, you just hear about them afterward.But, Objectively speaking, the weakest part of the plot, which ruined it for me is a characters. They're so boring and generic, their apparel have more character than they themself. I can't remeber anyone besides MC. Bosses. Jeez, guy who can transform his hand into a rifle! Well, usuall assault rifle do just as good. Guys with cloacking devices? Whoosh. This guys make me remember Ghost in the Shell (2017) for how ordinary and lame one can be whilist having all those incredible superhuman powers and possibilites. It kinda makes me wonder if they designed MC and only then started to hastily build the game around him?"
76561197988224333,Recommended,238010,34941680,Posted: 13 September,all,Pakevictor,█▀▀ㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ▀▀█▀▀ㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ █▀▀▄▀▀█ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ ㅤ █▀▀▀ㅤ▀ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤㅤ ▀ㅤㅤ ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤ █▀▀ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ▄▀▀▄ㅤ█▀▀▄ㅤ █▀▀▄ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█▄▄▀─────███────██──────████───███────────████──███─────────████─█████████████──██████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████─────█████████████████────────██████████──█───────────█████──────────────████──────────────█────────▄███████▄██───███▄▄──▄▄███──────▄██$█████$██▄██──█▀───▀███────█───▄██$█████████$██▄██──█───█──██───█─█──█$█████████████$███──█──────██─────█──███████████████████──██────██▀█───█─────██████████████─█───██████──▀████───────███████████──────────────────█───────█████████─────────────▀▀████──────███████████────────────────█▀──────██───████▀─▀█────────────────▀█──────█─────▀█▀───█──▄▄▄▄▄▄▄────────██────█───████▀───██─█████████████────▀█──█───███▀──▄▄██─█▀██▀██▀████▀█████▀──█───██████▀─▀█─█────────█▄─────────██───████▀───██─██▄████▄──██────────██───██──▄▄▄██──██▄▄▄▄▄██▀─────────██──█████▀───█─────────███────────███████▄────███────────███████─────█████████████───────▄██████████████████████████████─██████████████████─────────██████████████────────███████████───────█████──────████─────████ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀▀█▀▀ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ█ㅤ▄█ㅤ█▀▀ㅤㅤ ㅤㅤ ㅤ ㅤㅤ█ ㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█▀▀▄ ㅤ█▀▀ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀ㅤ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀ㅤ▀ㅤㅤ▀ㅤ▀▀▀█▀▄▀█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ█▀▄▀█ ▄▀▀▄ █▀▀▄ █▀▀ █ ㅤ █ㅤ██─▀─█ㅤ█▄▄█ㅤㅤ █─▀─█ █ ㅤ █ █ ㅤ █ █▀▀ █▄▄█ㅤ██ㅤㅤ █ㅤ▄▄▄█ㅤ ㅤ█ㅤㅤ█ ─▀▀ ─ ▀ ㅤ ▀ ▀▀▀ ▄▄▄█ㅤ▄
,Recommended,238010,10139421,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Sergeant Soft Serve,You can kill everyone in this game with a box.Like Skyrim with boxes -Ign
,Recommended,238010,11535474,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Apple of the Earth,rely good gaem
,Recommended,238010,8528840,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,SergeOvD,"An amazing game, sound, graphics, gameplay, mechanics, voice acting, RPG elements, stealth elements, all top notch! The atmosphere is perfect and the musical score just enhances it. I'd give it a 15 over 10 if i could, one of the best game I've played in years.Highly recommend this game.P.s. I entirely agree with Sarif."
,Recommended,238010,7963902,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,dick,"a game that questions everyday human morals and ethics, its good"
,Recommended,238010,24833547,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,2Joe,Yes.
,Recommended,238010,8494419,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,brathorst,One of the best Cyberpunk game ever. It has enough room for a lot of playstyles. You can play anything between a pacifistic hacker and gun-wielding rambo. Very satisfying!
76561198255267802,Not Recommended,238010,21770869,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,TealHighCloud,"So far,Stupid guns, unbelievable AI, clunky controls, and a pretty linear gameplay style.In the first mission I get to chose if I want to go lethal or non-lethal. I thought I'd give non-lethal a bash but for some reason I have to chose between a stun gun and a tranquiliser gun. I can't have both? Fine, I'll take the tranquiliser gun, but hey only give me 5 darts why not?Then I discover I can only strike two people before my battery runs out. I know I can upgrade it later but really? What in F***s name are they running me on? Triple A batteries? I mean this guy couldn't run up a hill without shutting down.I want to indulge in the stealth element of this game but it's inconsitent and unsatisfying.I grabbed a pistol that has a slower fire rate than a 19th century revolver and does as much damage.I have to listen to terrorists aruing about having killed a scientist when they're planting a F***ing bomb.The controls are incredibly clunky and just impractical, I mean who aims with caps? You use right click to pin to the wall but your little character gets a bit confused and sometimes refuses to even poke out over the top and fire.Within the first intro bit the sound glitched out.I guess this game was good when it came out but it's far from engaging at the moment. I'm going to try and stick with it but I only bought it because it was on offer and my brother played it once. Frankly it feels like a ridiculous concept, trying to reinvent Metal Gear Solid but without the history and only half the intruige. I mean why would I recharge a battery with a stick of chocolate?"
76561197982741532,Not Recommended,238010,20159273,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,mike33,"The controls are slow and lag too much. There's a freaking requirement to use the ladders to trigger an animation, if you jump down a level you die. Being a fully augmented human means you are extra fragile. The mouse requires two different settings to control speed, but it is eitehr way too slow or jump around everywhere. Controls are not tight."
,Not Recommended,238010,14387547,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,YenZehC,"is there a way i can get my money back ? i know the game is only £2.59, but with that money returned i can get a game that actually works !!!!!!!!anyone know how i can get a refund please reply."
76561198058425661,Not Recommended,238010,10086694,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Zpec17,Controls are aweful with no way of mapping the controller to a gamestyle that you prefer. Played for 5 mins and had to stop. Not worth your money. Get Hitman instead.
,Not Recommended,238010,16004980,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,bryna3,Not a bad game although i really cant get behind a whining protagonist that was given god like powers... :(
,Not Recommended,238010,15623140,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Charles Guy,"Caricatural ridiculous protagonist.Coded like a ♥♥♥♥♥.No more, please..."
,Recommended,238010,25086727,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Kanav,One of the the best games i have ever played. Super Highly Recommended.
,Not Recommended,238010,18511211,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,r-odi22,The game doesn't run and I can't change the video settings enough to make it run. I don't understand how I can't run this game but I can run other games that are newer and look about the same as this. The framerate was really bad. Just watch out if you have a low end machine.
,Recommended,238010,30576674,Posted: 17 March,all,Mephisto,İlk levelı nasıl geçiyoz kanser oldum aq
,Recommended,238010,24551613,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Misericordia,┬┴┬┴┤(･_├┬┴┬┴┬┴┬┴┤( ͡° ͜ʖ├┬┴┬┴(¬_¬'')ԅ(￣ε￣ԅ)(งಠ_ಠ)ง　σ( •̀ ω •́ σ)ε=ε=ε=ε=┌(;￣▽￣)┘╰( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )つ──☆*:・ﾟMission Complete.Understand it as you wish...
76561198021298113,Not Recommended,238010,8971316,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Blackbird,"Avoid at all costs. Sloppy production means that the so called ""Director's Cut"" ends up much buggier, worse looking than the original game. If that weren't enough, some features are even missing, most importantly, none of the post-processing effects work. Console versions advertise and feature second-screen functionality for the Vita and Smartglass respectively, something that's missing from the PC version as well, though developers stated they'd patch it in later.In short, they Director's Cut has incredibly few things actually going for it - such as the improved bossfights and integration of the Missing Link DLC - yet can't be recommended due to an avalanche of grievances that make it much, much worse than the base game + DLC."
76561197987653470,Not Recommended,238010,11077902,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,ChowMX,I really like this game unfortunately it made me waste 10 hours of my life because it has a nasty habit of deleting your saved games without purpose. If you buy this game have fun playing the first mission 3 time before you give up. Enjoy!
76561198142493406,Not Recommended,238010,11193158,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,jonathonkim,This game is really dumb. This is not revlovultion.. devolution... I tried to get sued to this game for last 2hrs and I gave up to this stupid controls... The game is jumpy and u have no sense of where u are.
,Not Recommended,238010,13234276,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,A Rude Dude Named Gertrude,"As great as DX:HR is, do not fall for this idea of a ""Director's Cut"" making any game better. The game feels MORE broken than the older version, introducing myriad of bugs I've never even seen on the very first version of this game's release. Avoid this at all costs."
76561198144558897,Recommended,238010,25078994,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,eine caPtainJekSperro,is gud geym
,Not Recommended,238010,12154262,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,death1996,this game is hardest combat first person game i playedif get caught in police barracks it makes the whole game very hardhacking is fun but uses alot skill pointsthis ranks up there make one mistake and dead
76561198126044780,Not Recommended,238010,15788730,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Wetwork1956,"My mom always said ""If you can't say something good about something/someone, don't say anything."" Well sorry mom, I need to warn  them on this game.Having played Deus Ex: Invisible Wars on the Xbox years ago, I remember thinking it was an interesting game, the idea of augments to supplement your talents seemed intriguing. So, when Steam offered Deus Ex: Human Revolution at a bargin bin price, and having checked the review section where they were mostly positive, I didn't hesitate. Well, 20+ hours into the game I just couldn't do it anymore. I'm not one to give in easily, just the opposite-I'm a bulldog of sorts-but I had to draw a line at some point. This game reminds me of the very old joke that went...A guy sees someone banging his head on a wall and asks ""Why are you doing that?"" and he replies, ""It feels soooo good when I stop"". Boy did it feel soooo good to quit this one.Heres a list of SOME of reasons to avoid this stinker:1) Lame weapons2) Inept enemies3) Extremely frustrating-confusing maps.4) The touted Augments--most are worthless/ineffective5) The voiceovers. Egaads the missions in China HAVE to be the absolute worst ever in a game--PERIODWell , be forewarned if you're thinking of buying this game(?). You too may wish you had that 20+ hours of your life back--if for nothing less than to bang your head."
,Recommended,238010,25050918,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,BigTScott,Awesome story. Awesome game mechanics. (Cloak and dagger). Awesome graphics. Need I say more?
,Recommended,238010,25051524,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Ivan Karamazov,"Instant classic:Story: A very realistic portrayal of how human greed and lust for power would look in a not-so-distant world where cybernetic enhancements are real: limbs dealing; shady organizations pulling the strings from the shadows, conspiring to control how people treat their bodies, their morality; racism towards others with or without augmentations, towards the ones that are not like you. A masterpiece of storytelling in which every decision that you make matters, in which every little action has its consequences. If you love thought provoking sci-fi, like Philip K.♥♥♥♥♥♥s, you'll love it.Gameplay: First/Third person stealth mixed with heavy RPG elements (meaning you gain XP and upgrade your augmentations), with controls based on Rainbow Six: Vegas; but make no mistake, being caught usually means an instant death. You'll have to use your head and augmented body to make a plan to avoid confrontation (although you can simply augment yourself to be a tank, that's possible too). One of my favorite moments are the ""conversation bosses""; those are purely word battles with terribly bad or good consequences that depend on your ability to anticipate the personality and weaknesses of the ""boss"". It feels like a Telltale game, really.Music: One of the best soundtracks I've ever heard. If you like Vangelis' classic-electronic music, as seen in Blade Runner, you'll absolutely love this (in fact, I secretly love this more than Blade Runner's, but ssshhhhh). Michael McCann is a master composer.Graphics/art: THIS. The way colors and clothes merge to talk about how the world feels on the inside -- a new renaissance that is losing momentum -- instead of simply looking realistical has a very deep impact in how the story is told. This is how visual art should work in a game or a movie. It's absolutely brilliant. Even if the tech of the game will eventually get old (spoiler-y: it's already old), the composition and colors will always hold up; that's how you make a classic.Overall, a worthy successor to the original. Damn, I believe I have to play it for the fourth time. I never asked for this!TL;DR: You can throw a fridge to a drug addict or punch a ♥♥♥♥♥ in the face with your augmented arm! OMG, BUY IT!"
,Recommended,238010,12494223,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Wal-Marth,Spent many hours pretending to be The Terminator.11/10 would play for the rest of my life
76561198044318730,Not Recommended,238010,10387284,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Cyber-zacon,"if you wanted to play stealth and explore the world, then best to pass on it. it seems to punish me for chosing those option every time"
,Not Recommended,238010,9606497,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Begasus [MMold],Nice story but for my opinion very bad cover mechanics for a game based on stealth kill.I didn't like it.
,Recommended,238010,25073161,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Thijxx,"Nice game but it's so slow and so boring, I just can't bring up the patience anymore and quit after 10 hours of playing. Mass Effect is 100x faster paced for example, and lot's more action. This is more a walking simulator. You should play this is you have 1000 hours to burn!"
76561197960450701,Recommended,238010,25203293,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,TeckMan,Great game
,Recommended,238010,25092994,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Nika Gengashvili,პაცეფისტის ეჩივმენტი რატო დამიჟმოტეთ თქვე' ბოზებო!
76561198021456644,Not Recommended,238010,14552316,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Lolow,"The beginning of the game runs smoothly, but during the loading after the title was shown, the game crashes for me. I tried it many times,♥♥♥♥♥♥ i wish i could get my money back!!"
,Recommended,238010,16111345,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Community,Good game.
76561197986067716,Not Recommended,238010,25834430,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Jarl,DLC is included in the main story. Completely changing the pace and feel of the game.Being stripped of all your acquired skillz at the 66% point of the game in order to pavethe way for a DLC that is set in very boring surroundings is what made me give up on this game.Its like someone forcing you to eat your Icescream Sundae while you are still working on yourbig mac.
76561197989512711,Not Recommended,238010,11951578,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Bartvedt,"The game suffers from severe audio lag, which the devs has refused to fix.  The Combat Rifle and SMG are completly unusable because of this and the lip syncing is horrible. If you are thinking about buying this game and your audio is optical, don't buy it. Even if your audio isn't optical, I advise you do research  to find out if you might experience the same issue. Posts reporting this issue, dates back as far as 2011, yet they haven't aknowledged the it exists."
76561198079957032,Not Recommended,238010,17876977,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,dieonyourfeet,"Miserable port. Played for three hours, and when I tried to play again the next day, wouldn't load my game. Tried it four more times; wouldn't load my game. Tried starting a new game, thinking the save file must have been corrupted. Wouldn't start a new game. Already over the threshold for Steam Refunds' ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t policy.♥♥♥♥ Deus Ex. ♥♥♥♥ Steam Refunds. This is why pirates exist."
76561198046783183,Not Recommended,238010,17874191,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Пылесос оф дикс,"I really did want to enjoy this game. Unfortunately its not the suspensful, globe-trotting adventure it sells itself to be. The story is quite good but it comes out to be drawn-out and pretty boring in terms of gameplay. I find it hard to concentrate on this gripping tale when im walking through identical cyberpunk hallway #284.All in all not terribl faithful to the original, as its more of a shooty stealth game with RPG elements, as opposed to the cyberpunk RPG masterpiece that was the original."
76561197984672943,Not Recommended,238010,17876795,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Lokain,"Please don’t buy this game, I've been waiting for them to fix the stutters.I finally went ahead and bought this thinking that maybe playing with the registry may get it running like the old version of this game did. *fix*http://steamcommunity.com/app/238010/discussions/0/810938811078622740/#p3But nope, guess this will be my first refund."
,Not Recommended,238010,17498968,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Sssith,I really loathed the controls for this game.  Very frustrating to play and they killed the stealth aspect for me.
76561198014533520,Not Recommended,238010,16108540,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,stijnelijn,"I never imagined cyborg like people are this weak. This mega ultra awesome cyborg can jump about 20 cm, take 2 bullets before dying. A fall of 1 meter results in moans of pain. The problem is that this cyborg guy is you.After playing this not so impressive shooter thingy i dont fear the terminator invasion anymore."
76561198007316850,Not Recommended,238010,13563983,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Rommel013,"5/10A poorly executed, hyper cookie cutter stealth based game with some of the worst FPS elements I've played. You play as an ex-SWAT member with enough cyberware to fail the Turing test but somehow operates a firearm like he's a 6 year old girl with parkinsons. The story line seems interesting and the KOTOR/FABLE style of selectable NPC interactions is very nice but the actual gameplay to get to these events is a slow paced trudge of familiar tropes and 'challenges'""Oh, I've never had to walk UNDER the cameras before, this is ground breaking!""""Really, the guards have completely stock and unchanging patrol patterns?!?!""""If I trigger an alarm and sit in the corner and suck my thumb the guards assume I've learned the error of my ways and left the operating area? How resourceful of them!""""I'm more machine than man, but I can only stab someone to silently kill them once before I have to eat a protein bar to gain back nutrients? Please, tell me more about this well thought out and perfectly explainable game mechanic with in universe logic!""Thankfully I bought it on Steam Winter Sale so I'm only out a couple bucks.Oh, there is rumored to be RPG elements involved, but I guess you have drive more than a handful of rusty nails through your♥♥♥♥♥♥and roll enough eyes to get yatzhee at the copy-pasted game mechanics before those show up. Too bad as that was the reason I wanted to try the game...."
,Recommended,238010,8446990,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Turto,"Amazing game, I played the original and was dissappointed in the boss fights and many other aspects of the game. This version improves all the problems I had with it, the boss fights are much better, the dlc is included into the main story, etc. Getting it at the discount price was pretty cool too. Definitely recommend."
76561198092013184,Not Recommended,238010,11098221,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,russellanderson,Couldn't get this game to function no matter what advice I received and followed. Don't recommend at all. Disappointed in Steam.
76561198110017600,Not Recommended,238010,10154936,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,arwhitla,Dont see what the big deal is did not like this game n i definitley hated the controls
,Recommended,238010,14422435,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Lubo,game of the year 2011 and i dont say that lightly. You need a mature and smart head to get the most out of this game but if you have that its unmissable
,Recommended,238010,23775040,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Grimtongues,"I do enjoy a good stealth game, and Deus Ex does it well.  The AI is fairly intelligent and thematically appropriate.  The stealth mechanics are good, but the variety of augments are what really sets this game apart from other similar games.  I enjoy the variety of ways to complete each mission.  The ""conversation boss battles"" are really neat.  The only thing missing from this game is pick-pocketing.Also, the hacking system is not good on a controller.  Fortunately, hacking is mostly optional because you can find 99% of the access codes by looking around or searching guards.  There's even a consumable device that lets you bypass the hacking minigame."
,Not Recommended,238010,9926808,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,666Bear666,"looks good,but as sonn u play this,u will regret for the money"
,Not Recommended,238010,17019936,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,MiG-21bis Fishbed-L,"It's the Wii U version of the game. Lower fidelity textures and the reworked boss fights? Even easier than the boss fights in the original version.Despite the downgrade in visuals, it runs poorly. It stutters a lot.Best stick with the original."
,Recommended,238010,28709870,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Braflugust him self,m
76561198254721507,Not Recommended,238010,18841305,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,ezoe,What a boring game.I really regret buying it.
,Recommended,238010,24276368,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Zimorodok,"Unplayable, but still god"
,Recommended,238010,24536501,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,"Destroy, Erase, Improve",Never played a game 3 times in my life... But here I am playing this through again!!! One of my all time favourites. The story is just amazing. And the soundtrack is just awesome.
,Recommended,238010,25004736,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,hem,"""I never asked for this"""
76561198082643252,Recommended,238010,24220629,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Xzhibit,Very good game.
76561197980241343,Recommended,238010,24832891,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,FloopyGapples,Do it...
,Recommended,238010,23834437,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Greywolf,"-Lets terrorist leader go in first mission.-Meets terrorist leader later in early game.-Performs citizens arrest and drags terrorist leader out into street.-I am killed by Detroit Police.-11/10 Would good samaritan again.Really though I love this game, I highly recommend it, and I am looking forward to the next one. :D"
,Not Recommended,238010,9038881,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Lilligan,"An incedibly broken ""improvment."" tons of performance issues and game-breaking bugs.http://steamcommunity.com/app/238010/discussions/0/810939350891608249/"
,Recommended,238010,23677935,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,vulgrim_ultimate,Mark - '1000/10 OMG!'
,Recommended,238010,23679462,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Buzz,not apocolpyse now redux but its good
,Not Recommended,238010,9095959,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,"Shirt Off, Rifle Bursing","The game features a lot of flaws. Like how I can disco party invisible dance past every enemy no problemo as long as I have sufficient candy bars. This led to a disco showdown finally being conceivable on the boss fights thanks to Directors Cut. I can finally be the dancing queen Jensen was ment to be. Directors Cut is so good I put it on my eggs in the morning. ♥♥♥♥, I spread Directors Cut all over my toast and bacon too. However I must not recommend this game. Adam states he ""never asked for this,"" when the attitude of his posture completetly conveyed he was ""asking for it."" The human body naturally has ways of shutting down unwanted body modifications. As a result, this game is wildly unrealistic to the point my suspension of belief can only be stretched so far. I cannot support its message of mod-culture. I ♥♥♥♥ing hated the mod's in the 60's, and I'll be damned if they steal away the future. However everything else is 11/10 GOTYEY."
,Not Recommended,238010,9027470,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Blyatman,"Even though i got it at $5, I regret buying it. It's not too bad, but doesn't do  a very good job of making you want to keep playing.  NOTE: I have not finished, may be a little harsh or lenient on some things.Pros:- Great story with multiple arcs- Good voice acting- Easy-to-use menu and upgrade systemCons:-HORRIBLEAI, it's over-sensitive to stealth movements and impossible to kill in comat (since they swarm you like bees with assault rifles)-Dodgy animations, particularly talking- Boring and unnecessary side-quests- Graphics are dated for a game from 2012- Have to remap half the controls to make it playable (who sets MOUSE2 to cover, and MOUSE3 to aim??)It's alright, and I wish there was a third option, but it forces me to pick either recommend or not recommend."
,Recommended,238010,30916031,Posted: 2 April,all,KingKull2112,I actually did ask for this
76561198061786667,Not Recommended,238010,21856617,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,janolmars,"The good:The atmosphere and the philosophical exploration on human augmentations. Great cut scenes.The bad:The game lacks an element of time. There is no time limit on missions. This made me spend time and explore the game world which soon became boring, since it's a linear game, all the time telling you where to go next. Just follow the marker and take down some enemies on the way to the next cut scene. Gameplay becomes repetitive and boring and you only do it to see the cut scenes and find out how the story ends. The story is progressing quite slowly and the ending i so so.Conclusion:I would rather have enjoyed the story as a movie or a TV serie. The actual game play is neither engaging nor challangeing enough (even on hardest mode)."
,Recommended,238010,13837093,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Super Amazing Asian Man,
76561198105076717,Recommended,238010,23411784,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Dissection,fun
76561198000446343,Recommended,238010,25084871,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,A slice of Tuna,"One of the best prequels ever made, full stop."
,Recommended,238010,25083794,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,James,I asked for this.
,Recommended,238010,25084975,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Geo,♥♥♥
,Recommended,238010,14380987,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,я|F /Offline,It's aite.
76561197977069906,Recommended,238010,10604643,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,BonsaiKitten,"Brilliant, nearly as good as the first Deus Ex and a lot better than Invisible War.  Stealth play actually a viable option, in that respect it's actually better than the new Thief game.  Make sure you get the Director's Cut version which has better boss fights (although I could have honsetly done without them altogether, but in the original DEHR they're game-brakingly bad, at least now they're playable) and some welcome extra content that stretches out the game length."
,Recommended,238010,10137279,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Thibor,fun game play it
76561198169774651,Not Recommended,238010,20040942,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,TheSneakyShinobi,"Um,,,, it's kinda boring. All I seem to be doing is constantly reading notes and documents and hacking terminals and doors in order to get to the notes and documents....... with very little gun time.Also... I have no idea if it's the colours, or the graphics, or just the FOV (which is adjustable but doesn't improve anything), but this games gives me seirous eyegraines every time I play it.I'm just not enjoying playing it at all. It shoul be fun and it just feels like a massive chore I really dont want to do.In fact, my constant eyegraines are probably due to the fact that about 80% of this game is spent squinting at  tiny text on my screen reading all these pointless documents/emails.If I wanted to spend hours reading I'd have gone to the Library for a book, not bought a video game.Just give me a gun, and let me shoot everyone........ thanks.Obviously........... not at the library :)"
,Recommended,238010,24331366,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,One Hundred and Eighty,"Should have been able to leave everyone be crazy, 2/10gameplay good though"
76561197968395460,Recommended,238010,16634200,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,JohnnyTheWolf,"Half Crysis. Half Mass Effect. All Deus Ex.PROS:+ High replayability+ Open-ended gameplay+ Intriguing lore and story+ The ""social boss battles""+ Stealth and non-lethal options+ Faridah Malik and Netanya Keitner+ Rewarding exploration and experimentationCONS:- Corny- Visually dated- Lame conclusion- Few meaningful story choices- Mostly mediocre voice-acting- Generic, monotone protagonist- Blurry, low-resolution cutscenes- The rejected Metal Gear bosses- Some remaining game-breaking bugs- A step backwards in terms of diversity"
,Recommended,238010,13534394,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Rokk,"The original HR really bored me, but this was a pleasant surprise. Boss fights that don't suck, The Missing Link seamlessly integrated into the game, the awful yellow-tinged overlay has been removed, and they even included a large permanent discount for owners of the original Human Revolution.About the game itself:The game is basically like the old Deus Ex, but a tad more linear and more focused on stealth. You sneak past enemies, dismantle or avoid traps, pick the best path to your objective (the amount of alternative pathways is stunning), all while avoiding setting off the alarm.For those of you who liked going rambo in the original Deus Ex, steer clear. This game is mostly focused around stealth and cover. Going rambo is possible, but incredibly hard due to the insanely low amount of HP you have, as well as lack of combat-oriented augmentations like Combat Strength and Ballistic Protection."
,Recommended,238010,9975610,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Traeger,"Deus Ex: Human Revolution was one of the best games I have ever played.The Director's Cut is mostly just for replay value, if you were looking to play it again. If you have never played the original, it's really worth buying.You play as a man named Adam Jensen. An Ex-SWAT team member who was forcefully augmented- given biological implants to improve strength and performance. Throughout the story, you can choose to embrace the augmentations and view it as advancement of the human race, or you can reject it and rely on your human side.The storyline is interesting and keeps you entertained. The gameplay is exciting and progressive, as you upgrade your mechanical body, or complete side missions. Overall, it's an excellent and well balanced game, plus Adam Jensen is quite the badass."
76561198000777479,Recommended,238010,24434132,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,hebe,>illuminati stealing your waifu>I asked for this
,Recommended,238010,23053367,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,UnknowSDx,Fun!!!!
76561198024908314,Recommended,238010,23039540,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,wolf_501,Snapped and went on a pedestrian punching spree. Great saliva extracting simulator!10/10 Would(and will) punch again
,Recommended,238010,33021387,Posted: 29 June,all,hotpackguy8abs,wowzers what a sick game
76561197977486313,Recommended,238010,23050078,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Mandla,Play.  This.  Game.
,Recommended,238010,24891010,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Smash!,"Deus Ex Human Revolution is  the second (errr third) game in the series and is a prequel to the Deus Ex franchise in which the core concepts both mechanically and thematically remain intact and in many cases are improved upon. Deus Ex has always been about expansive levels with multiple solution sets and that remains true for this game. It is very refreshing to have a modern AAA game which stays true to player agency when that is becoming a dwindling quality in most AAA output. Eidos Montreal not only kept faithful to the core mechanics and themes of the original game but greatly improved many of its interactive systems such as its stealth, combat, hacking and even dialogue interactions. In addition to being faithful, they have also made their own mark with this entry in terms of style and visual aesthetics, to make the game more than a cover band entry but something which is distinctly their game as well. The game is somewhat a reboot despite being set before the original (a preboot?) since it takes great liberties with the setting and technological advancements of the time period supposedly long before the original game that it doesn't really feel like it belongs to the same game world as the original Deus Ex. Despite that the game is seamlessly interwoven with the lore of the Deus Ex universe, and even though it is a prequel the content seems written to be most enjoyed for one who has played the original game first, which is something you should do anyway if you haven't already.Despite the many successes of this game there are some critical design flaws, some due to poor decisions and the rest because of either time or budget restraints. At this point in time long after its original release and with its sequel right around the corner, some of these flaws are likely redundant to bring up since they have already been much documented by other reviews and fans and because Eidos montreal themselves has indicated that the flaws of HR are exactly what they are going to address with Mankind Divided and more so its possible the developer has already learned from their mistakes.There are some problems I personally had with the game. For example the game does a really bad job of making a decent first impression upon starting up. After a prerendered cutscene, you start off in a room full of interesting easter eggs except your supposed love interest nags you incessantly for deciding to explore. Afterwards you stand on a conveyor belt of a pseudo-cutscene you can't skip followed by more prerendered cutscenes and a forced tutorial. After FINALLY starting the game for real, your boss nags you to hurry out of the hub zone you've just been introduced to and to possibly miss out on circumstantial character interactions which can't be found upon returning. If you decide to ignore your boss and explore at your own pace the game punishes you terribly for it. After this though the game never pulls this funny business again and plays like a real Deus Ex game from that point onward. This seems nitpicky but is important because everything about those first 15 minutes is completely unrepresentative of the rest of the game, and what more is antithetical to the Deus Ex experience as well. Those first 15 minutes were so bad for me that I almost gave up on what is in actuality a very good game. I have to wonder if that entire segment was requested by some executive who thinks that every modern AAA game needs an exciting, relentless and """"""cinematic"""""" beginning.The range of agency isn't quite as vast as the original, likely because the original game didn't use nearly as many detailed and resource taxing visuals which limit how expansive the levels can be. Also that the upgrade tree is imbalanced in that the combat upgrades are underwhelming, especially on the highest difficulty where the damage resistance and typhoon explosives are pretty inconsequential. The game makes a pretty big deal out of the human landmine that is the typhoon augment, in theory a localized explosion of 8 meters sounds useful, except for the fact that in a world where people fight with guns, this is something you will rarely find the need for. Even if you try to setup uses for it by running into a group and activating it, you'll be left standing there like a doofus after it's over as enemies elsewhere plug you full of holes. Even the demonstration of the weapon in the beginning seemed bizarre as it showed a dozen test dummies standing around a single typhoon as a practice application. The only uses that would seem to fulfill are terrorist attacks or blowing up everyone after being taken captive. Either way, seems like a one trick pony.The inconsequential combat upgrades don't matter too much since the combat is sufficiently effective from the very beginning. Cover based shooting is static but reliably effective, and there aren't really any improvements to obtain except better weapons and upgrades. The game also has a bias in what methods you use to advance. Even though you can proceed however you want, it grants hefty point bonuses for advancing unseen and for using nonlethal methods to take out enemies. This in itself isn't a problem, but it means that the entire game, with its more fleshed out infiltration rpg abilities and its overt encouragements to be stealthy, means that stealth becomes the ""proper"" way to play the game, which is an influence the original game completely avoided. Luckily, the stealth of HR is quite great, possibly one of the highlights of the entire genre, and also shows the AI at its strongest. Which of course makes the forced boss fights even more baffling but that has already been commented on before.What really stands out to me the most about this game is that DXHR is a game that comes from a dev team that really seems to care about the source material (unlike a certain other dev team of a series whose main character name rhymes with Shante, they sure seemed invested in letting the fans know how much they hated the source material), and more importantly care about providing an engaging experience for their players, corporate middle man meddling aside. This is a development team that isn't another developer farm of segmented lackies pumping out the current model of focus test approved formula, but one that might actually want to make a game they can be proud of, which is surprising coming from a dev team published under Square Enix, but also evident in the making of segment included in this game. All that said, I highly recommend you play both the original Deus Ex and this prequel, as they are both worth the time and money for any person interested in the unique genre fusion of stealth, action, rpg and adventure which comprises the Deus Ex franchise."
,Recommended,238010,34234985,Posted: 14 August,all,srikanthmadh,"One of the best games i have played, second to none other than half life 2 for me.Its a must have considering how cheap comes on sale.I am definitely picking up Mankind divided.Pros:1. Gameplay2. Upgrade system3. Story - The urge or curiosity of where is megan, what happened to her etc experienced by the character is carry forwarded to the player too. That keeps you pushing, looking for answers.4. The multiple options at which you can achieve the objective.5. Soldier movement and shooting animations and the way the soldiers body moves while you try to hide it is very well done.6. Ability to quick save anytime (almost)7. HackingCons (Minor):1. Facial animations, expecially in cut scenes when someone speaks. They dont look much detailed. May not be a valid con because of the age of the game.2. Game saves before Cut scenes on the boss fights. Everytime you loose, the cut scene will play again (thankfully you can skip them)3. Spoiler**- After waiting so long for megan, we just got a brief scene with her. No climax interaction for Adam and megan.Highly Recommended."
76561198036382774,Not Recommended,238010,8216996,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Seisan9,"Your ""new and improved"" boss fights are a lie. A LIE, I SAY!"
,Not Recommended,238010,9695985,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Gay Girl Gamer,"I've heard this game was pretty greatAnd Honestly, I bet it is.Too bad for some stupid reason, it won't run.At all.I've done every fix imaginable, and it won't even load. So honestly, I'm going to say that you shouldn't bother wasting your money on this. At all.Why spend 10 dollars on a game that won't even run, when you could NOT WASTE TEN DOLLARS"
76561198111907267,Not Recommended,238010,9658354,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,mp3masta,"I do not know what is going on with this game but the beginning was so unintresting,  I could not skip, it lasted like 15 minutes before I hit ALT+Control+Delete to end the game and write this review. So i havent played the and I do not think I going to. Wasted money."
,Not Recommended,238010,8963253,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,srvnt,poor feeling of controls ruined this game for me
,Not Recommended,238010,7666700,"Posted: 15 November, 2013",all,Stellar Duck,"I cannot, as the game stands, in good conscience recommend buying the Director's Cut. It's just not as good as the original game, and while the commentary is well entertaining and informative it doesn't make up for the worse lighting that somewhat spoils the moody tone of the original, as well as the removal of the yellow filter. What a shame.The worst though has to the the performance. After having completed the original with no issues I'm gettin lots of constant stutter and have so far had 9 crashes to desktop, most of them when loading a new area. As far as I've been able to figure out this is a port from the WiiU and that might be the reason it's so bad. And bad it is, from a technical standpoint. Worse lighting, frequent crashes and constant stutter. Not worth it, I find.If you really want to play Human Resource Management and you should, you ought to do youself a favour and just buy the original. It's the superior game."
,Recommended,238010,8275073,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Loopy the Werewolf,"Awesome..  Wow is this ever worth what they are asking for it.It's a game of stealth/action/hacking much like Bioshock/Batman et al. and you choose which way to specialize (tho try hacking, it's worth it!)The visuals really grab you (although the hobos look entirely too well-groomed lol)I really love it.. Gives you a real cyberpunk feel"
,Recommended,238010,33246840,Posted: 4 July,all,Cedjoe,Awesome game
,Recommended,238010,29068496,Posted: 6 January,all,SOCOM,Good deus ex game
,Recommended,238010,7500077,"Posted: 27 October, 2013",all,aM6D,"Human Revolution, but with even more awesomeness. The commentary is great, the balance tweaks are welcome, and the DLC is integrated nicely into the game. The original was bad♥♥♥♥♥and this is even better at this price (whether you've purchased the old one, or not). I love this game."
76561198074590096,Recommended,238010,29709165,Posted: 4 February,all,DoubleDrouble,"whenever i try to complete Casandra Reed (S3) quest, there are 3 proof. after 3 conversation with her the game just dont go forward.no completion no finish they both just stand there.Please tell me how to fix this, or i missing somethings."
,Recommended,238010,35146656,Posted: 23 September,all,MooCow,GET THIS GAME. I paid full price for it on release date. It still holds up now and at this sale price... OMG YOU SHOULD GET IT. WHY HAVE YOU NOT BOUGHT IT YET?
,Not Recommended,238010,20726101,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Phillip IV,It is kinda a good  game but It forces you to do everything in stealth not really a option
,Recommended,238010,15445665,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,GemGem,picked up a trash can and threw at a guy 10/10
76561197971687978,Not Recommended,238010,17445753,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Gasivodo,"Thank the Gods - I've got the original + DLCThis is just wrong!!?  Then again, I was weak...did do the ""cheap"" upgrade...Well it was cheap?!?And YUP! STILL One of them that likes the Urin-Yellow;-D"
,Recommended,238010,24752867,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,assume i am drunk,"Truly the sequel Deus Ex needed. Not the one it deserved.Alright so, some talking points:The boss fights suck. They're pointless cover shooty mc shoot until they fall.The graphics are dated, WERE dated, even when they came outThe colour pallate is a mix of urine and feces with some nice silver and some red.But the game is definitely one of my favourite games of all time. The gunplay is so solid, and the stealth aspect is so well implemented that I didn't even notice the terrible pallate of colours.The story is super intriguing, and I found myself playing through terrible sections over and over so I could find all of the collectables for the universe and learn more of the lore.Is this better than Deus Ex? No. Is this the sequel it deserved (AKA Not Invisible War)YES.Pick this bad boy up."
,Not Recommended,238010,19655400,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Kamiyama,"At first I liked Human Revolution. The atmosphere is wonderful and it really feels true to the original. However once you start getting into the game, you encounter horrific bugs that detract from the game experience.I'm an explorer. I like looking for all the little nooks and crannies where the hidden items are. I climb fire escapes, jump from ledges, find all the vents, and hack into rooms that are locked. This is just how I like playing the game. Which is why the Icarus mod has so soured the game for me. Icarus lets you fall safely from any height. When it detects you are falling, it kicks in and slows your descent so you safely fall straight down.There are a number of fire escapes in the Detoit area that you can jump back and forth from to reach areas in different buildings. It's dangerous - if you fall off, you die, but you can make the jumps without using any augments. You would think Icarus would be a bonus for this - you would be wrong. In a jump I know I could make and had made several times before, once I had Icarus it wouldn't wait for me to reach the other side before it would kick in and drop me straight down like a rock. Basically taking this augment closed off areas I had been able to reach before.But I bought the augment like 6 saves ago. What do I do now? Restart the game and make sure to never get that augment. But wait - I have like a dozen saves and the save menu doesn't give you the option to delete saves! Thank you, Eidos Montreal for your ♥♥♥♥♥♥ programming skills!Playing this game has been an exercise in frustration. I would not recommend it to my friends.Invisible War was more fun than this."
76561198141181966,Recommended,238010,20809069,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Manta Style,Absolutely awesome game. Reccomended to everyone.
,Recommended,238010,22482492,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,happycarrot50,Cool sci-fi shooter. 10/15
,Not Recommended,238010,18160271,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Miki,"it's a great game , great story , i found the setting really good , however, when it comes to the rpg mechanics and the stealth it lacked alot , you cant kill anything from a cover, if you're seen by a guard for a splitsecond everyone knows you are there and you can start all over if you want"
76561198031267248,Recommended,238010,31825690,Posted: 18 May,all,Grant Ward [LP],Love it!
,Recommended,238010,25118642,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,[BL] Dr. Bro,"Although it's an older game, it still has acceptable graphics.The different augmentations allow different playstyles - you can kill everyone, knock them out silently or just bypass them without raising their attention. Actually you can beat the game without killing anyone except the 4 bosses.There are also some dialogue challenges in which you have to convince your opponent not to kill himself, give you a code and many more. Winning these challenges rewards you with a good feeling, an achievement and sometimes with an advantage later in the game.After 40 hours i leaned back to enjoy 4 different endings which do contain 3 more endings each, depending on your playstyle."
,Not Recommended,238010,17884249,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Cadetri Gaming,"I was extremely dissapointed in this game. Not because fo its story, its gameplay, or its graphics. it is the fact that the lag in this game makes it so ungodly unplayable, It isnt worth the money in the slightest. Thankfully, I bought it during a sale, and i didnt waste 20 dollars on this game. I have a very high spec computer aswell. This game is unplayable. It stutters and lags constantly, Voices dont match up with the characters lips, its just unplayable."
,Not Recommended,238010,16933121,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Hyperchaotic,The only difference between original game and director's cut is stolen money for praxis. Where the ♥♥♥♥ are my tactical and explosive packs?
,Not Recommended,238010,33897528,Posted: 29 July,all,Enragedlime,"nothing you do matters. like, yeah, you're given choices, but none of them effect the game itself as far as i can tell.i played through this game twice, the first time as a pacifist, the second time as a mass murderer. like, i literally killed everyone the game allowed me to kill. that sweet old lady who was the mother of your girlfiriend? skewered her up. there were no consequences to my doing this. shot up an entire police station too, even left video evidence that i did. there were no consequences to my doing this. massacred an entire city in china, do you think it mattered? take a guess.the ending is literally just based on what button you press at the end of the game, kind of like mass effect 3.i will say that the gameplay itself is very enjoyable, as are the characters and the story. but, yeah, what you do just kind of doesn't matter."
,Not Recommended,238010,8186820,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Neil Breen banana,"Not worth it at all, just play the base game, and only that, ignore the DLC, all of it."
,Not Recommended,238010,9388540,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Monkey,"They actually managed to make the Director's Cut worse by integrating the awful DLC into the main story, and thereby screwing you out of your upgrades and weapons midway through the game. On the plus side... actually, there is no plus side."
76561197968786096,Not Recommended,238010,8354917,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Ironbones,"just got this off steam but when i run it all i get is a 6x4 inch screen and can't even read the text so finding the options is i,possable."
76561197983144128,Not Recommended,238010,8644306,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,gd01Skorpius,Super boring and dry. I stopped caring after 30 minutes.
,Not Recommended,238010,8624253,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Jack Entropy,"Worst ending i've ever seen. Just some stock videos montaged with so called ""philosophical"" narrative saying nothing about consequences of our actions."
76561198002991918,Not Recommended,238010,20474192,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,jakubpokrywka,"Very boring. It is a typical FPS, but there is nothing in it that makes fun.  Plot is also borring as well as dialogs, which are very long in addition."
,Not Recommended,238010,18067666,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Weclock,"Square Enix has loaded this game down with unnecessary cutscenes, ridiculous anime styled characters, terrible dialog options, and worst of all, a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ frame rate for PC players.Avoid this at all costs."
76561198063260509,Not Recommended,238010,24139375,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Joee,"If you are looking for a nice stealth game with interesting RPG elements, don't buy this one! The stealth is sooooo boring in this game, the maps are just corridors. The story is not touching too and the same character animation seen for thousand times is annoying. Going in a run'n'gun style is more enjoying but the game does not award it, obviously. RPG elements does not save it and cannot increase the lost interest from the core game. Not recommended!"
,Not Recommended,238010,9696080,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,BornToLose1,haha piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥glitched game i can't get to double t now this entire game is ruinedonly buy this if you like♥♥♥♥♥♥and want to play♥♥♥♥♥♥haha
76561198071689614,Not Recommended,238010,13291224,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Mystic Exarch,"A lot of people say this is an excellent RPG game. Many reviews (on steam or otherwise) praise it for allowing the player to choose multiple pathways through missions. I'm telling you: neither of those are true.Despite what everyone says, you don't really get any options when it comes to objectives. The game is clearly designed to be a pure stealth game because even on the easiest difficulty the combat is too hard. The game doesn't give you enough ammo. You can't get enough from shopkeepers because they only sell very limited amounts, and enemies only drop 1 bullet at a time. You are vastly outnumbered and die in 1 or 2 shots. The enemies have rockets and awesome grenades while you pretty much get basic  weapons. In summary, you pretty have to stealth through missions or you're just going to die over and over. I've played many fps games so I can assure you, it has nothing to do with my skill level.At least the stealth mechanics are good right? Not really. You have to be absolutely perfect. If you get seen once, the whole map aggroes on you instantly and you die because like I said, combat is to hard.Also hacking is a must have. There are many quests I found in which that is the only way through.So essentially you're forced to be a stealthy hacker. It's not an RPG then, just a stealthy hacking game. I bought this game because I thought it was an RPG. I though could play the way I want and not the way I'm forced to. I was wrong.If I knew all this before I bought it I would have passed. This game is very misleading."
,Recommended,238010,25046788,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Ekrah,Good
76561198033239070,Not Recommended,238010,8599812,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Filthy Colin,"bunch of filthy f*""@....sorry. This game sucks, don't bother. I played this a long time ago and it was great, well not great but at least fun. This gets bogged down in story line. Not enough action and pretty simple environment. Save the $$$ and try something else, then bring me a drink dammit."
76561197972610530,Not Recommended,238010,8291274,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,WS|skizsystem,cant get the game to run smoothly at all on my alienware x51. tried all the fixes posted online and nothing helps. such a shame i loved the original deus ex and was really looking forward to playing this
,Recommended,238010,35139476,Posted: 22 September,all,Vanilla,"Pretty edgy game but everyone is on edge nowadays so it doesn't even matter. Pretty nice graphics too. You can throw a basketball in a hoop, thats fun. Has a nice story as well. Like killing hookers? This is the game for you."
76561198043927443,Not Recommended,238010,33901526,Posted: 30 July,all,___,"Bugs, unobtainable achievements, downgraded graphics. Better get original version somewhere."
,Not Recommended,238010,10212832,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Never,"I bought this game because i love fps games and after reading all the good reviews about this game I had to buy it. But i couldn't play this game for more then 10 mins. why??? Because the game doesnt have Hold to Aim Down the Sights option. It's toggle be default and you just cant change it so your stuck with toggle to iron sights which is annoying as hell for me because i've use hold to ADS for years and I believe most of PC gamers use Hold to ADS too. So, keep this is in mind before buying this game. I don't care how good the game is because i know its not meant for me. I mean how can one call this the BEST GAME EVER when the game doesnt even give you the freedom to customize its controls according to the user. We are not on console, this is PC.BS"
,Recommended,238010,33184054,Posted: 3 July,all,nai249,this is for stickers
76561198063652760,Not Recommended,238010,9809714,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,fuckingschurke,"I really wanted to like this game, but i just simply cannot.I can't really mention any real pros, and cons, because everything would be a pro in this game, but fails at some point, so it becomes a con.Let's start with the length. I have completed the game in about 35 hours, and after 15 i was really hoping for all this to end.That's because the game fails at so much point, that it just couldn't keep me entertained for that long time. It was fun in the first hours, i got the feeling, i really got, but then it all passed. Let's see why.*missions (no spoiler) - the skeleton of the mission-lines looks like this: you get an important mission. you go to a place, you find someone that could help, but he doesnt. instead, he wants you to do something for him, then go back, then talk again, then get on your important mission. Now. yeah, this is cool, if it gets played once. But not in the case of every damn mission. Seriously? I facepalmed myself so much during this game, that i just cant count it.*world design - You will spend a lot of time on the streets, at a part of a city. You will have to navigate in it, go to places, find alternate ways, explore etc. But this aspect of the game becomes a mess, when you realize, that the design of the streets is so bad, that you would rather bang your head to the wall, than walk through the city again.*loading screens, walking time - (let me mention, that i beat the system requirements by a lot at this game, so thats not the problem) I'll come up with an example again. You get a mission at x point of the city. You gotta go to y, but thats on the other damn part of the city. you go to one loading screen, go past a city hub, an other loading screen, and at the end of that hub, you will finally find the palce that you have to go to. This time gets doubled, by the fact that you cant navigate in the streets. After that, you have to go back to x, which is also a whole lot of time. This one also really annoyed me.*AI - the AI is either too good, or too bad. Sometimes, they walk on a corridor, you sneak behind them, and all of the sudden, they hear you breathing, or something, and they turn to you, and shoot. But sometimes, you can just keep jumping behind them, or even sneak in front of their legs (!), they wont notice.*boss fights - they are really bad. i cant really say much without spoilering anything, but they really are. They are buggy. They are bad. For example in one of them, you can climb up to a place on an open ladder (!), to a place to which the boss just cant follow you, even though he is a human being too, with a little bit of metal in his body. now, when you are there, the boss will go under you, will start throwing grenades, will hit himself, get confused, start walking confused, and then when you shoot him, he will notice you, and repeat. I get that in almost all of the games, there are bossfights, that you can, y'know, 'bypass the system', but this is just hilarious.*story (no spoilers) - the story is kinda OK-ish too. It could have been good, but it just gets ruined by my first point. Only the basic situation, is what i can come up with as a pro, but that's not a thing to save a game.*voice acting, gestures - An other example: the main character is squatting next to a dieing women, and he is like: 'stay with me. stay with me.' and does absolutely nothing else. I dont expect him crying, but cmon. at least touch her or something.The voice acting is incredible good at some characters, or just annoying at the others. The last is the case at the main character. It's like he has a cold or something.I played trough this game, just because i didnt want to leave it unfinished. Overall: this game could have been really good, but fails at decent points, which ruins the game. If you loved the original game, you cant be disappointed with this, but if you are new to the series, you will either pass these problems, because you will manage to enjoy the gameplay, or wish to get back the time, that you wasted on this game."
76561198105099919,Not Recommended,238010,11208691,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Master Jäger Krieger,The boss battle's are so dumb and have no real strategy. still a good game i geuss.
,Not Recommended,238010,12047688,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Duane Dibbley,"Amazing game in most every respect. The reason I am giving a negative review is because I cannot complete the game normally due to the fact that when I go down the elevator to fight the final boss, the game crashes when it attempts to autosave or if I save manually. You cannot turn autosaving off and it autosaves right before the final boss. I had to use a mod to teleport myself to the final boss fight in order to complete the game."
,Not Recommended,238010,24323988,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Vito'Molas,"The stealth machanic of this game is done very poorly, when a guy spot you even you put him down less than a second, everyone in that area immeadiately know where you are, also when you hide for a while after the enemy spots you they would assume to their original position like nothing ever happend.in this game when you're in a boss battle, if you dont have a proper upgrade to hack or do something, you're basically screwed."
76561198122765277,Not Recommended,238010,8822658,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,nikolayshpurik,"Hey developers, why is this game freezes my computer and freezes its so badly that I have to reboot it by turning off power?Can you suggest something for this problem which I never had before? Dell XPS L502X,GeForce GT 540M, Intel Core i7-2720QM CPU 2.20GHz, Ram 8.00GB, Windows 8, 64-bit."
76561198003092755,Not Recommended,238010,8753816,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,VideoJones,While I like the integration of the DLC I still don't think this version should've replaced the option to just purchase the DLC if you already had the normal version.
76561198046111115,Not Recommended,238010,34125982,Posted: 9 August,all,DACopperhead,"This game is an odd duck in the Deus Ex Series to say the least. While it fails to be as bad as Deus Ex: Invisible War, which is actually impossible to play, it fails in being a true Deus Ex game. First is the game play, while the stealth and action are good there is a weird difficulty chose if you ignore stealth. If the player just brings out a shotgun and blows everything away then the game makes the game easier. This is weird for a stealth focused game, made even weirder by the many, many, many combat mods and big fun guns the game gives you. This is a minor quibble though and the gameplay is good. Where the problem comes in is in the story. Deus Ex had strong story with amazeing elements of predictive sci-fi tossed into the story, Human Revolution here, has neither. The story is no where near the complexity of the original. There are no elements of reality, beyond an unbelieveably awkward race relations overtone. Deus Ex had a story about government control, corperation control, debats on philosphy and government along with terrifingly accurate predicitions (UNATCO). This game has none of that, along with poor charicter dialog. I can't recommend  this game due to the poor story."
,Recommended,238010,29238397,Posted: 13 January,all,negromancer,is gucci bruh 10/10
76561198105667859,Not Recommended,238010,9842380,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,NinjaG1rl,"This game is almost unplayable it loses FPS at every turn, the sound goes out and is painful to the ears at some points, as great a story as this is it certainly pales in comparison to the original Dues Ex in that at least that one worked. On top of all that there is no developer support on steam or otherwise about the issues im having just trying to play the game, basically we are told well it works for most everyone else so get lost. Honestly that attitude really Sucks! So why should i pay my money for any future iterations from this company, i wouldn't and i would advise others not to do so as well."
,Not Recommended,238010,13656252,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,click-clack,I should not have bought this....literally worse than burning money.
,Not Recommended,238010,13627013,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Dollytubby,"The history was wonderful until that illuminati ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, and the game aways force you to be stealth(no, even being a ""gun & run"" player, you will experiment some frustrations)"
,Not Recommended,238010,10385642,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Smeppu,It's like a bad movie in slow motion ._.
76561198035725719,Not Recommended,238010,26153253,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,SlyAndroidDog,"Rubish, broken version, stutters like hell on good rig no no waste your money,"
,Not Recommended,238010,9835323,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,BRAK (ง°ل͜°)ง BABALITY,"Everything about it is so, so boring. Cookie cutter, by the numbers, you've done it before. Boring.The story? Boring, mainstream, action movie slop. Just watch whatever piece of crap with guns on the poster is in theatres this week instead.Gameplay? Yayyyy, shoot things and move around big walled in maps without being seen by more boring people with more boring guns who will shoot boring bullets at you.The voice acting is so agressively bad that this sentence doesn't need a proper ending.Maybe the dryest, boring-est, nerdiest nerd you know might like this. I ♥♥♥♥ing hate it."
,Not Recommended,238010,18051919,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,I Wish I Was in Dixie,broke my computer/10
,Not Recommended,238010,11744361,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,jmsdnns,so boring...
,Not Recommended,238010,19739562,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,nutYourGrandpa,"Clunky, half finished stealth does not make for a good first impression."
76561198119166674,Not Recommended,238010,18561984,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Mendoza,Really Boring
,Not Recommended,238010,13491748,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Dr. Dugong,"It's clunky as hell and it can gnaw at you. I don't recommend it, gaming has evolved far past this. Check Dishonored for that. In fact, look into Dark Messiah.Yes, it's cyberpunk. No those aren't cyberpunk. But you know what they are? Actual decent games with not-clunky interfaces."
76561198158018196,Recommended,238010,26061751,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,"Dan ""Get In the Van"" Schneider",This game is augmented
,Recommended,238010,13407813,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,BearFucker,illuminati confirmed? No.
,Recommended,238010,24098165,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,SB,"its a good game, minor bugs/glitches...most bugs and glitches are between regular game and the 'missing link' section, ruinds immerssion and stuff.gameplay mechanics work properly for the most part...KO-kill use same key (seriously annoying)...it is and acts like a port from console, this was not optimized for PC really...no lean ability like original Deus Ex game.no melee weapons at all, something that is necessary in a Deus Ex game.however these issues are minor comparitively, overall the game is Deus Ex and is worth buying and playing for 20 bucks or less (DO NOT PAY MORE, NOT WORTH MORE MONEY)"
,Recommended,238010,8792254,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,TIG,"Stylish, smart and engaging, Deus Ex: Human Revolution was one of the year's most outstanding video games.  With a soundtrack strong enough to stand on its own, insightful futurism and a combination of both linear storytelling and free-roam gameplay, Deus Ex is an example of why single player gaming is far from dead.The Director's Cut version deals with some minor criticism of the original game's ""boss fights"" and adds content formerly provided as DLC.  Whether you play the original or this version, be prepared to be mesmerized and absorbed into a believable world of corporate malfeasance run amok, the inevitable resistance to their business goals and a reminder of the neverending battle between technological advancement and humanism."
,Not Recommended,238010,27984346,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Gregg,"Boring gameplay, at least for me"
,Not Recommended,238010,15885976,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,vegan meth,Pretty much the worst Deus Ex game besides that mobile one.
,Recommended,238010,14870062,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,about 47 t-rexes,"Wow, this game is amazing. there's so much depth to it, with different paths to take, different ways to play the game, and so much choice. The setting is interesting and imersive, and gameplay is fun. Highly reccomended."
76561198035998019,Not Recommended,238010,20043015,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,jsprenkle,I played all the way through. I was very disappointed. I expected to save the world and rescue the girl. Nothing special plot wise but I'm easily pleased. The game mechanics were interesting and the scenarios not repetitive. When I got to the end all mention of the girl who I was trying to rescue vanishes. There's some totally off the wall screed about how I can change the world's attitude about technology by exposing these evil doers. Really unbeliveable stuff. If you hade life saving technology would you opt to not use it?  Ending is a nonsensicle luddite screed. My recommendation is wait for a better game or buy out the game studio and get better writers.
,Not Recommended,238010,12138112,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Lord of Potatoe,"I played this for about 20 min and I am not looking forward to play it ever again. Here are the pros and cons I can review by now:-  I tried to play this game like a shooter. Sadly, it's not a shooter and you can't play it that way.-  Sometimes the character moves through the levels on invissible rails.+  Not recommended, it's♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198013024780,Not Recommended,238010,20187491,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,DeGroot418,A pretty decent game but for some reason I started having to force myself to play it. And usually when that happens I start not enjoying the game. Great stealth aspects though. Wait for the new one to come out.
76561198020283295,Not Recommended,238010,25829449,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Daloki,Lackluster
,Recommended,238010,25487997,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Professional Walrus,"eif u wana maek eneymz, triy 2 chnge somthein"
76561198116246133,Recommended,238010,24425106,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Sleeping dog,"Detective, stealth, action, exploration, psycholy modulation. VEEEEEEEEEEEry deep penetration. It resonates with my consciensness."
,Not Recommended,238010,26051214,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Mixeon Prime,Russian language!
76561198047355590,Not Recommended,238010,26331287,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Has science gone TOO far?,"Good game, but your frames are ♥♥♥♥ed m8."
76561198156451517,Recommended,238010,29862472,Posted: 11 February,all,Bill Nye The Nazi Spy,"great game, but never give AMD graphics power over a game, looks like sims 2002 up in here."
76561198163570576,Not Recommended,238010,20546777,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,IceTea,sucks balls 2/10
76561198025198203,Recommended,238010,20961464,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Charlemagne,Good game
,Recommended,238010,7743583,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Schiz0id,"not nearly as good as the first, but still pretty fun. for a couple of hours. then it gets wicked dull."
76561198086498571,Not Recommended,238010,14354349,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,StonkerTV,Bad game should have been better
,Recommended,238010,13855261,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,RAID Noir - Mining or Idling,28 hours for Main story completion on 1 playthrough.2nd fast playthrough in 11 Hours Spent time completing sidequests that can be done but did not search for them. I didnt even get the achivement in the 2nd playthrough i dont know why . I have all screenshots showing proof9/10 as one of the best stories for an FPS while still having RPG elements. This is one of the games that you just cant put down once you begin. It also has replayability due to the fact that there are many ways you can achive things. Achivement hunters as well would love this. It is so good that i will probably do a speed run and getting the Pacifist and foxiest of hounds achievement. Game and Stage design is top notch!Needs improvement on Frame drops. Game still looks good with settings turned down but even still you will get drops. This is the only thing that bothers me but this will not take away how great the game is! The achievement bugs as well. Replayed the game to get the Pacifist and Foxhound achievemt to my dismay it was bugged.I recommend this game for its overall package including the story.Rare Achievement Hunter : had to use SAM to unlock Foxhound and Pacifist... I have proof anyway for all smooth operator in my screenshots i uploaded.
76561197968576085,Not Recommended,238010,13149170,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,The Mountain,Don't get this game. Why? It's buggy. The PC version allows you to make mistakes making it impossible to gain experience or retrieve certain items becasue the story line can no longer be completed. It also doesn't look like Ubisoft is going to release a patch to fix.
,Recommended,238010,18796353,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,kaiser,"""JC A BOMB""""♥♥♥♥ OFF I NEVER ASKED FOR THIS"""
76561198003996728,Recommended,238010,24859645,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,wanted31,I like
76561197971640510,Recommended,238010,15977091,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Huggles `,"One of the best RPG/FPS games I've ever had the fortune to play.It is actually one of the best games, period, that I've had the fortune to play.Everything about is is sleek and stylish. Combat is a joy, the plot is good and interesting, the characters are characters, the world is interesting and inspired, the RPG system offers a lot of different upgrade paths (though in the end you'll pretty much have everything and some upgrades are kind of useless, but it'll take you a while getting there), and overall this is one of the rarities I call a masterpiece.A masterpiece is a game on the level of planescape torment. So this is one.MUST PLAY"
76561198035643084,Recommended,238010,13009427,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Jr786,A desent FPS/RPG from Square-Enix. It's a nice game that's set before Deus Ex 1. Now with The Missing Link.
,Recommended,238010,8182082,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,[L|G] ™ SHADY,"Good so far , just started it!"
76561198049036874,Not Recommended,238010,25374853,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,2501,"On the plus side, the story is interesting and conversations are interesting - a conversation can go more than one way, even if you save scum and choose the same dailogue options over and over again.On the other hand, the gameplay is so clunky it killed my interest in the story."
,Recommended,238010,10271513,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Count Cuckula,"I paid 10 bucks just for a combination of the dlcs with the main game and ""fixed"" boss fights.still a good game"
,Not Recommended,238010,14140643,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,The Wind,"I have tried to play this game. Twice. I cannot do it.It is without a doubt the most boring game I have played in some time. And I know boring games, I've played Godus.The ideas in it, don't get me wrong, are wonderful. This had great potential to be a wonderful RPG. Sure as hell had more RPG elements than Skyrim.Problem is; The boss battles require combat focus, being a stealthy hack-sneaker is thrown right out the window, I'm being railroaded to be a gung-ho fighter machine.The level design is poor, the textures are pathetic for the year it came out, and generally it just feels like the designers just got lazy at some point in the process. They designed the augments, then slapped the rest of the game together two weeks before release."
,Not Recommended,238010,25595703,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Leandersci,"Could only play for less than an hour, before the bugs, and texture pop in made me go insane. I have hear talks that the Directors Cut is based on an older version of the game, so the old bugs are there still. For example, when I try to get my iron sights, it does this wierd 3 frame shutter animation that makes iron sights a chore to use. I couldnt find any fixes online that worked.Also, the combat has not aged well. Its not smooth, its just a clunky mess that made it just annoying to play.Either way, I would not recomend this game. Maybe if you can get the orriginal somewher it might be bette, but this was not a fun game to play."
,Not Recommended,238010,16538378,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,ryza,this is a video game
,Not Recommended,238010,11230168,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Dabir,no dwarf sex 1/10
,Not Recommended,238010,25159601,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Dumbfounded Sky Bacon,Doesnt launch enough said after i tried every fix
,Recommended,238010,10805641,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,SinD,My♥♥♥♥♥♥got around this!
76561197978521386,Not Recommended,238010,24270162,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Peon,"I had a buggy experience right up to the point where I quit, and then the bugginess continued when I couldn't exit the game. Pretty bland intro as far as these games go, but serviceable enough, however the♥♥♥♥♥♥poor shooting mechanics made this one of the least fun games I've ever played. I have a feeling this game was designed for the consoles primarily, and given a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥PC port, as many games are these days. I regret buying this."
,Recommended,238010,25720088,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,RogueAI,"Human Revolution is a very, VERY well-made game. It's got a nice visual style and an entertaining storyline with plenty of side-quests. Sometimes it seems like every game out there wants to be a ""perfect mix of action and role-play"" but this game does it right - it features the same kind of ability upgrades as games like System Shock 2, but unlike that game, which feels nearly impossible unless you pick the exact right upgrades, Human Revolution lets you get through each mission in a variety of different ways which let you use whatever augmentations you picked to your advantage. Everybody knows the boss fights in this game are terrible, but the Director's Cut seems to change them from absurdly difficult to just boring. However, this version of the game is also EXTREMELY unstable for me, crashing with every few steps I take in the second world hub even though my specs blow the recommended system requirements out of the water. Combine this with this game's sometimes overly long loading times (even on an SSD, they can take anywhere from 10 seconds to a whole minute) and I end up spending more time loading than actually playing the game. I can't be the only person with this problem, so be careful. Still, it's worth persevering at getting the game to work just because it's such a good game."
76561198005735469,Not Recommended,238010,19796789,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Jade,Dumb game. Cliche. Corny. Highschool Drama. Overall stupid and a sad. Could have been cool what a waste. - For Nerds.
76561198318618578,Not Recommended,238010,26235573,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Savage_Unleashed,"level designs offer both stealth or oppresive gameplay choices, cool level and city designs, but overall it had pretty boring slow story, it felt like a glorified Gmod so probabaly wont be playing this again."
76561198025864000,Not Recommended,238010,11939410,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,lordofthesigns,"One of the absolute worst game I've ever played. The plot makes no sense, the characters are totally uncompelling, its visual design is ugly (especially characters who are speaking, who all look like they're doing Rush Limbaugh's impression of Michael J. Fox), the voice acting is horrible (apparently the main character has secretly been a chain smoker for the last 40 years), the pseudo-philosophical musings would get you a failing grade on a high school philosophy paper, and the gameplay is boring big-studio cover-based-shooter ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Just to add insult to injury, the badly written technobabble gibberish vomiting out of the mouths of the ""scientist"" characters makes me think the writers formed all of their technical knowledge and vocabulary from watching Star Trek outtakes. I got it on sale for $5 and I still feel like I was defrauded. If you want brainless big budget stealth, play Dishonored; if you want cyberpunk philosophy, play Transisor or Bioshock; if you want a shoot-em-up with some RPG elements, play Borderlands. Don't reward the people making this trash by giving them your money."
,Not Recommended,238010,21079759,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,MRTAKEOUTFOOD,0/10 would recommend. Did not like game dynamics. For some people though they may like it.
76561197968052198,Not Recommended,238010,22521516,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,kumquats,"I loved Deus Ex and the IP is still intriguing.  What little of this I did play seemed to have a great storyling starting and was very well polished.  But to be fair I never got past the first level.  The obnoxious, clunky, console controls were just too unwieldly for me.  It was supremely frustrating.  If you have a game pad I bet this plays great PC or console.  I don't have a gamepad and the keyboard mouse setup for this is just too poor to be functional.Not that I would stoop to using analog stick gamepad anyway.Therefore this game is not worthy of PC master race, though it should be."
,Recommended,238010,30648830,Posted: 21 March,all,NelyL,I love this game! : )
76561198116231142,Recommended,238010,23355605,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,MF DOOM,TOO MUCH STEALTH AND SNEAKING JUST LET ME ♥♥♥♥ING KILL EVERYONE DUDE
,Recommended,238010,15614871,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Rymarre,it's like skyrim with never asking for this
76561198042030622,Not Recommended,238010,17432218,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,delgog,starts up only in a small screan which makes the game unplayable
76561198085391841,Not Recommended,238010,24134206,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Grossout,"I think that if there was a time this game was good, it has passed long ago. Not sure if this is just dated badly or always was a piece of crap."
,Recommended,238010,23017502,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Rei,">Has majority of body's limbs and internal organs replaced with combat augmentations.>Still can't sprint farther than Call of Duty characters.10/10. Like Skyrim, but with less running."
,Not Recommended,238010,18634161,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,DotA 2 was a mistake.,i could not beat the game in 60 minutes.i failed.deus ex is over.
76561198056387214,Not Recommended,238010,8733691,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,prizmpromise,"I decided to try this game because it looks so interesting. The story was pretty generic so I didn’t feel intrigued by that at all. I also felt like I was forced into combat way too much. It’s practically impossible to sneak around. Also, if I wasn’t careful to only use a couple bullets per enemy I kept running out of ammo. It felt tedious to go around and collect each person’s ammo and inventory. The hacking system didn’t make much sense to me, it didn’t feel like solving a puzzle just racing to the finish. Overall, I didn’t really enjoy it, there didn’t seem to be anything unique about it so I lost interest."
,Recommended,238010,35144772,Posted: 22 September,all,jabc86,excellent game i really enjoyed
,Recommended,238010,13112751,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,^4Yeet,this game is
,Recommended,238010,17977866,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Steven Johnson,omg this game is so cool!i put 34 hours into this when i beat it. the story is so deep! you get so involved. this game captures human vs human combat perfectly! its one hell of a challenge too!cant wait for mankind divided! too bad it costs an arm and a leg! atleast i can just get some augmentations `-`
,Recommended,238010,9098163,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Amadaeo Heart Stealer,"Cyborg Psychopath Simulator 2012 is a neat game. You have blades that come out of your hands, and then you kill hookers with them. 10/10."
,Recommended,238010,19586485,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Romorok,█▀▀ㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ▀▀█▀▀ㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ █▀▀▄▀▀█ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ ㅤ █▀▀▀ㅤ▀ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤㅤ ▀ㅤㅤ ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤ █▀▀ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ▄▀▀▄ㅤ█▀▀▄ㅤ █▀▀▄ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█▄▄▀─────███────██──────████───███────────████──███─────────████─█████████████──██████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████─────█████████████████────────██████████──█───────────█████──────────────████──────────────█────────▄███████▄██───███▄▄──▄▄███──────▄██$█████$██▄██──█▀───▀███────█───▄██$█████████$██▄██──█───█──██───█─█──█$█████████████$███──█──────██─────█──███████████████████──██────██▀█───█─────██████████████─█───██████──▀████───────███████████──────────────────█───────█████████─────────────▀▀████──────███████████────────────────█▀──────██───████▀─▀█────────────────▀█──────█─────▀█▀───█──▄▄▄▄▄▄▄────────██────█───████▀───██─█████████████────▀█──█───███▀──▄▄██─█▀██▀██▀████▀█████▀──█───██████▀─▀█─█────────█▄─────────██───████▀───██─██▄████▄──██────────██───██──▄▄▄██──██▄▄▄▄▄██▀─────────██──█████▀───█─────────███────────███████▄────███────────███████─────█████████████───────▄██████████████████████████████─██████████████████─────────██████████████────────███████████───────█████──────████─────████ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀▀█▀▀ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ█ㅤ▄█ㅤ█▀▀ㅤㅤ ㅤㅤ ㅤ ㅤㅤ█ ㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█▀▀▄ ㅤ█▀▀ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀ㅤ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀ㅤ▀ㅤㅤ▀ㅤ▀▀▀█▀▄▀█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ█▀▄▀█ ▄▀▀▄ █▀▀▄ █▀▀ █ ㅤ █ㅤ██─▀─█ㅤ█▄▄█ㅤㅤ █─▀─█ █ ㅤ █ █ ㅤ █ █▀▀ █▄▄█ㅤ██ㅤㅤ █ㅤ▄▄▄█ㅤ ㅤ█ㅤㅤ█ ─▀▀ ─ ▀ ㅤ ▀ ▀▀▀ ▄▄▄█ㅤ▄
76561198007238152,Not Recommended,238010,26345380,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,51573R RAY,"Extremely repetetive gameplay. There are multiple ways to accomplish objectives - climb through vents, hacking minigame, incapacitate enemies, or kill enemies. That's it. The story isn't engaging. I found myself just wanting to get the game over with once I realized the story wasn't going anywhere."
76561198017918851,Not Recommended,238010,14796403,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,GRANTO,....
,Not Recommended,238010,18840541,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Gekko Kamen,"Too much talk and little or no action and fun. If you are expecting a Dead Space or something like that, this is definitely not your game. Rated negative."
,Not Recommended,238010,25440496,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,AutumnSounds,I found the control scheme to be simply horrific. Maybe it's better using a control pad?The game as a whole seems to try and be a cross between Metal Gear and Mass Effect but does so in a very long-winded tedious and clunky way.
76561198076821143,Not Recommended,238010,12445682,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Solid Lino,"Too much sneaky sneaky for me. If you're into stealth games, you might like it. But too dull for me, and when you die you go back so far in the game it's super frustrating. Uninstalled after a couple hours playing. A shame, I was expecting a lot given it's cult and critical status."
76561198027081103,Not Recommended,238010,25425942,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Buckster,"Did I pay for half a game?This is the question on my mind after finishing my first Play through with all side quests completed.Overall much less content and very little extrapolation of events in the story - heck the short 30sec scene during the credits revealed More plot them the last few hours of the game.Some things are still very enjoyable, fun combat, more dialogue orientated, but pales in comparison to human revolution.I guess we will need to buy the DLC to get the full game like seems to be a bit more common nowadays"
,Recommended,238010,13798747,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,LUST,"Was skeptical when friend told me about this game. I had never heard of Deus Ex. I got it for free on PSN, and couldn't stop playing it. I completed the game twice, first playthrough, just played as is, second playthrough, I did a guns blazing playthrough.I was going to do more playthroughs, but I wanted to wait for the DE and to play on kb mouse, now I have both, and I can see many more playthroughs and hope the mp mod gets completed. I've even watched 3 lps of this game. Is this now one of my fav. games?Oh... why? So much, the music, third person cover, the options for each map, the story, the music, the atmosphere, the music, the atmosphere, the music, the atmosphere, the choices, I wish they would've done more dlc's to hold us over until they release the next game. Speaking of the next game, I hope it still has the same atmosphere, b/c I DID NOT like the original Deus Ex after finding out about this one. Judging from that pic, it seems we will get that same atmosphere, but it looks like a good 3 year wait until we even get a trailer.P.S. I like this game so much, I even enjoy The Fall. I'm now a fan of Deus, well... except for the originals..."
,Not Recommended,238010,14538310,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,S to the U to the R to the FY,I didn't ask for this.
76561198052214710,Not Recommended,238010,11667503,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,johnny_m_j,"This is one of the best games I've ever played, still I don't recommend it. For one single reason:The game wants you to play stealhly, and offers much better rewards for doing so. The problem is that if you do, you end up choosing augmentations for stealth play, which means that when you encounter the first real boss, he'll rip you a new one. And unless you're supergood, there's nothing you can do about that at all."
76561198104639403,Not Recommended,238010,9092541,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Whoknowsme111,"I hate, that I loose all my augs, I hate boss fights! A great game, with so much struggling reminds me the illuminati... wherever you get you'll be kicked down again and again... I will not buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥ever...I know there are others who love it but something invulnerable fireing me ... that sucks... My experience is that bosses are as voulnerable as any others... in real life...here you have to fight a bully with kiling equipment, no brain, just shoot... I am fed up!be good you all"
,Not Recommended,238010,21620798,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,SketchSlayer,Terrible default binds and an inibility to rebind gamepad controls...When you consider the time ti was made this is purely unaccepable ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.Oh and it lacks a proper array of graphical settings cause of ♥♥♥♥ing course it does.
76561198046675266,Recommended,238010,19120988,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Dustin,"This game is a lot like Max Payne 3 except a FPS with the TPS cover elements.Amazing graphics, gameplay and storyline. Extremely difficult and challenging though as the stealth plays the most important roll in the game.Would highly recommend!9/10"
,Recommended,238010,9162624,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Reptar,"""I didnt ask for this"" But it was a gift and is a great game!"
,Recommended,238010,12959297,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Neko-Nomikon,"I liked it. I'd spent a hundred or so hours in the Xbox version.You are like a robocop kinda guy, but you hack a lot, and have cool sunglasses.Also, you never asked for this."
76561198124412551,Not Recommended,238010,30395318,Posted: 8 March,all,Mr Diamond,"So do not buy this if you have integrated graphics/sound. I had no sound, looked online. Turns out, super common problem. Tried all suggested fixes, nothing. Contacted the developer's customer service, got an email suggesting the things that I had already tried. Politely informed them I had done so already, requested further solutions. Never heard back. I am keeping this copy just in case it starts working when I eventually get a new sound card, it was only $5. Still this review will be negative until then as my only experience with this game so far has been a frustrating pair of blue balls."
,Not Recommended,238010,14373739,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,shimion,"Boooo! BOOOOOOOOOO! Why is this version worse than the original? Better-yet, why can't you buy the original on here anymore? BOOOOOOOOOOO!"
,Recommended,238010,8628300,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Arrakis,"Just beat this game last night. I ♥♥♥♥ingloved it. No seriously, if you're in the mood for some cyberpunk then this is the game for you. You will have to make some tough choices throughout your adventure, so choose wisely!  Solid 8/10."
76561197998962400,Not Recommended,238010,7750489,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Octavius,"the game is chock full of bugs, a 2.0 gig patch was released that fixed almost nothing. id steer clear of this one. if this review function had been out prior to my purchase i think i would have saved myself some time and money. thanks steam."
,Not Recommended,238010,22756035,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Knight Artorias,"Couldn't get into it, pretty generic honestly"
,Not Recommended,238010,34516379,Posted: 26 August,all,Slam the Pam,stupid mini map worse than louis in csgo
,Recommended,238010,30093250,Posted: 21 February,all,irreverentbear,"Just finished the game after almost 50 hours of playtime! DEx: Human Revolution is one of the most enjoyable and memorable cyberpunk'esque games I've played, you got the high-tech world around mixed with greedy corporations and seedy underbellies of several cities you will be coming across. Playing this reminds of the movie Bladerunner, which is a pretty awesome movie by the way! This game offers you multiple choices on how you approach your objectives, either through stealth, blasting your way through or a mix of both, some missions even offer dialogue based options, which means it is possible to bypass some parts of missions simply by blabbing and making the correct choices! The story is gripping too, as the quests/missions dont drag on and have a quick pace about them. Gameplay is awesome, just dont approach this game as you would a traditional FPS as its more of a stealth shooter. So get those Aug's jacked and plunge headlong into the cyberpunk dystopia of DEx: Human Revolution. Afterwards go get Mankind Divided for much profit!Did I mention this game has New Game +? 10/10"
76561198063841672,Recommended,238010,9967935,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,Buccomatic,if you camn get it to run smooth it is ggreat.check community guides to learn how.9/10
,Not Recommended,238010,31061656,Posted: 10 April,all,Saygon,"Laggin', freezin', no patches"
,Not Recommended,238010,14503572,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,False God Meowcifer,HOw do you pick up a weapon ??
,Not Recommended,238010,34250142,Posted: 14 August,all,Atlasbot,YELLOW!Just so much yellow
76561198043350889,Not Recommended,238010,21248477,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Aisar,"Super boring, lame story, nothing really stood out.  Was playing on story mode noob difficulty and still couldn't stay interested."
,Not Recommended,238010,7741454,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Jihad Jaguar,"This game's universe and story, while being decently written and developed, never managed to get my attention. I don't know why, I'm normally a sucker for hard sci-fi or stealth-oriented shooters but Deus Ex: HR didn't live up to any of my expectations for either criterium at all.The story and universe start out well-established. The voice acting is okay, though I have my doubts about Toufexis, who voices Jensen. Unlimited ammo introduction sequence with fitting drama makes for a great ride to launch the story, though you'll already notice the hugely flawed gunplay in the game, which actually contradicts having guns in the game. You'll get the most rewarding experience if you play  full-out stealth, but the game could have shifted some of its focus to melee combat or refined stealth mechanics. Instead, you get a cluster♥♥♥♥ of wannabe game mechanics that fall short on many levels while trying to appease the many."
76561198066140314,Not Recommended,238010,28474249,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Mjukfot,"First of all it is quite boring so far. Then there are the issues with the graphics that make every character look like paper mache, but the big issue is that all the drones (generic cillivian, henchmen etc) act like it to. So you sneak around, hugging walls and go through vents, and you get briefly spotted and they come searching. Fair enough. Then they hear footsteps, and they come searching. Okey, they have to be three feet away to hear your foot steps, but meh, future tech shoes or something. But you huff and puff, while breaking somebody's skull in and they go crumbling down gear and all, while you knock a few boxes over and setting off a fire estingusher, well then it doesn't matter if you are standing on a bad guys shoulder or not, as long as you are not within his 90 degrees (or something) angel of vision. It does tend to break the spell. Oh, btw it is quite boring.Then you have this lazy port to PC, but meh, mostly it is boring anyways. Not to mention the linear stories with go there (floating waypoint on the GUI if in doubt), aproach and press interact.Then where it kind of breaks down for me, besides it being boring, and it is very boring. Where it breaks down is that there is a huge list of ways to complete a lot of the tasks, like getting in somewhere. Good idea, but when there is supposed to be a challenge to find a way into a building, then ten different ways to do it kind of removes that challenge a bit. Besides, usually you accidentally talk to somebody or pick something up so that they let you walk in the front door, and you wonder what all the vents and roof access is for.It would be OK, if it hadn't been so utterly boring. Did I mention that? And btw, if you want an open world (or impression of such) choices kind of game, where you are encouraged to explore your surrounding, get off your lazy bum and do proper level design instead of putting in invisible walls.Then there is the aggressive autosave in all the wrong places. What is wrong with that you say? Well, so you end up accidentally making a bad choice, but it immediately saves afterwards. No worries, you can load the previous one, but they can often be so close that before you realize your mistake it has saved again. Or you click through and do same bad choice twice and get two saves of the same outcome. So you go back to a manual save and play through the boring bits again, and given that the entire game is boring, it always will be the boring bit. Sigh.And of course, I will most likely finished it. When all that is left on Netflix is Puss in Boots and King Julian.*end of rant*The main dude do have a nice voice though.Edit: I corrected some of the spelling and grammar mistakes. I left a few to feed the grammar nazis. You got to feed the grammar nazis, but not after midnight."
76561198046247472,Not Recommended,238010,7780709,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,auron_guardian,Not going to tell you how it ends but it rhymes with shmoorly smitten.
,Not Recommended,238010,18516810,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,FREE SHKRELI,all the characters are♥♥♥♥♥♥the game is easy and it has awful stealth mechanicsrefunding now
76561198007337781,Not Recommended,238010,24309120,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Hambam,"A fairly awful game, it's stealth system is horrible and the gun play is so down right boring. Would not recommend."
76561198137147671,Not Recommended,238010,24619242,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,lillidnb,"The way you aim is so stupid makes it almost unplayable. Sort it out, at least make mapping keys an option."
,Not Recommended,238010,24908987,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,COMMONSTARFISH8,I have played the game ounce for 4 hours and when i went to play it today it wouldnt even launch i have read every forum on the problem and tried everything to get it to work but it still wont launch i have tried multiple times to get a refund 4 times and I keep getting a message saying that I cant get a refund because I have played it for more than two hours I am so frustrated because i cant even contact a human being at steam so can i please get some help from someone.
76561198203314360,Not Recommended,238010,28675165,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,igrvak,DRM.
76561198068343186,Not Recommended,238010,25389490,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,唤星,游戏的机制很不错，科幻场景没有给人违和感，总之是个好游戏。但是没有中文！！！没有中文！！没有中文！所以不推荐，非常不推荐！！
76561198032886405,Not Recommended,238010,10827426,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,"""ITS ME""Mr.Pro",Game does not use 50 percent of my cpu does not use 50 percent of my gpu or 50 percent of the gpu memoryBut claims to run out of resources lol this game is terrible.
,Not Recommended,238010,25157773,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,waiting for iphone y,game feels clunky as ♥♥♥♥. FOV is way to low.
76561197970701643,Recommended,238010,8280233,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Liam Neeson Punching Wolves,It's ok.
,Not Recommended,238010,32994202,Posted: 29 June,all,DVT,"First of all I personally hate the cover system in this game, because the game is all first person and it runs fine on my rig(Intel i7 6700HQ, 16gb ram and a GTX 1060) but the cover system is bad in my opinion, it goes from first person into third person while in cover and you can see everything I hate when games do that, and yes you can disable that in the settings but when I did that its basically dark souls cuz you just die every time cuz the game is made so that you HAVE to use the cover system which I personally dont like. The cover system breaks the immersion for me and I hate that but if you like third person aka easy mode then this is your game."
,Not Recommended,238010,35217333,Posted: 26 September,all,emlymnsn,Everything is 'Yellow'. Got bored midway in the first mission.
,Recommended,238010,17131771,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,AarkTheDragon,I never asked for this game.(it came in a bundle)
76561197977267103,Recommended,238010,24870935,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Conspiracy Theory,"Lol. This game runs better than No Mans Sky.Meh, I was just looking around. Saw the No Mans Sky Total FAIL, and a multi-multi-million dollar game (that took many years to develop) and that runs worse than this title.At least this game did not Permaban me for suggesting another month would improve NMS (where No Mans Sky permabanned me for saying that about ir [Even though the DESTRUCTIVE REVIEWS PROVE ME COMPLETELY RIGHT YET AGAIN]).Damn Chimps.No disapointments with Deus Ex..."
76561197968492055,Not Recommended,238010,24434674,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Focher,"Even on sale, don't get this game. It's boring, overacted, and pretentious in its story. No character is believable, the levels are boring (vents, for example, are just shortcuts as opposed to revealing the underlying construction of a building). Shooting is dull and the augmentations are too. I doubt anyone can finish this game and feel like they've made a worthy investment of their time."
,Recommended,238010,7837231,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,̇ṀΘΘƘIΣ Mookie,"After finishing my 1st run here's what i have to say.At most, this game is a mastered version from its original one. refined boss fights, game+, commentaries from the developers & all of the DLCs + The Missing Link included.Its still awesome from what i remembered and i'm planning on replaying the game with game+ :).For those who haven't played the series get this one and ignore the previous versions. & for those who played it already, i think its good to revisit the boss fights and maybe even do more rounds than one to complete it because now we can get all the augmentations! :)But for 20 well, 1st timers its good, owners from two previous titles will get 75 discounts so its not really bad. :)"
76561198339085650,Not Recommended,238010,30406088,Posted: 9 March,all,dor,"The reviews were very positive so I tried to enjoy for many hours, yet missed the fun.I'm not sure about the reason, maybe I prefer open worlds in games, which this game doesn't have."
76561198036007902,Not Recommended,238010,23524919,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,samuel.a1370,"The story is good enough, but the cut scene for every close combat kill is realy breaking the rithm, not to mention the serveral bug tha break the immertion."
,Recommended,238010,8289323,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Tuong,"You play Adam Jensen, an ex-SWAT specialist who's been handpicked to oversee the defensive needs of one of America's most experimental biotechnology firms. Your job is to safeguard company secrets, but when a black ops team breaks in and kills the very scientists you were hired to protect, everything you thought you knew about your job changes."
,Not Recommended,238010,23980195,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Big Boss,i really disliked the gameplay revolving around the shooting
76561198067141778,Not Recommended,238010,24113556,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,SleepyFist,"Game was very slow, and laggy on my computer, I encountered a bugged NPC within the first several minutes of playing, and the aforementioned lag made the first section nearly impossible to complete.If you want Deus Ex HR: Directors Cut, get the Wii U version instead."
,Not Recommended,238010,12582528,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Жора,"Dislike for bugged achievements. I'm pretty sure i did ""Pacifist"", ""Foxiest"" and ""Factry Zero"" but aint got em in the first playthrough.Don't get me wrong, my negatuve reviev intended only for ""Director's Cut"" version. Which is poorly made out of original great tite. Still Deus Ex: HR is a great game and worth playing."
,Not Recommended,238010,10381849,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,The Mortiest Morty,"I loved the original version of this game, But the Director's cut so far is buggy, And all but unplayable on even the msot robust system/Card specs. Complaints and bugs riddle the game and are well documented since launch on both the Steam and Eidos forums, Yet not a single proper fix has happened.Stealth play/Pacifist is all but impossible to get now as even SNEEZING too hard will cause someone to drop dead, AI seems to be the ORIGINAL buggy AI (People vanishing through floors, Flying into the sky suddenly) and many times there's just obscene amounts of stutter and lag.Considering the original isn't for purchase anymore, You don't have much of a choice if you really want to play this though, Do you? :P"
,Recommended,238010,23844802,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,luyan,ส์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์ส์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์ส์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ
,Not Recommended,238010,25393542,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,GodForger,I got this game on sale for almost nothing and still wan't worth what I paid.
76561198047340468,Not Recommended,238010,13990729,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,VinceVega,"Why is this game supposed to be so great?  run down hall shoot stuff, but oh wait, there's 3 overly restrictive, puzzle type ways to run down the hall.  Give me a break, this game belongs back in 1995.  The matrix gig isn't cool anymore."
,Not Recommended,238010,29242741,Posted: 14 January,all,SLAUGHTERHOUSE XXVI,No matter how many times I try to play this game. It's never fun!
76561197996368907,Not Recommended,238010,30065591,Posted: 20 February,all,Tec7,"I can't fathom why people like this slow boring clunky mess of a game.Boring gimmicks like minigame for hacking a door, or spend 20 minutes just looking for a red keycard to progress,clunky controls and that unnecessary third person shooter cover mecanic.ONE OF THE MOST BORING GAMES I HAVE EVER TOUCHED !"
,Not Recommended,238010,31167930,Posted: 15 April,all,sodium chloride,"I didn't even make it past the first mission before I gave up with this. The game keeps nagging me to watch tutorials I already watched, I had a big conversation bug that forced me to reload to fix it so I could progress, the stun gun I chose hits NOTHING if you're in cover, you basically have to do things stealthily because getting spotted is a death sentence if there's more than one person, I keep getting random spikes of lag, and when I went through the front door ONCE I couldn't change my mind because trying to load a previous autosave just took me back to when I went in through the front door.The game wouldn't even exit properly. I had to shut it down with the task manager. This game is a BROKEN BUGGY MESS."
,Not Recommended,238010,23695557,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,leotavaresbrown,"I honestly cannot recommend this game for the following reasons:* stupid cardboard boxes piled up everywhere, looks as if the entire population in the game is packing to move* architecture that makes no sense. If designers want you to get inside a building through the top floor window, they don't keep the entrance door locked, they design the building without an entrance door* the game rewards stealth action, so there isn't real ""choice"" in it* 80% of the guns in the game are useless, unless you want to be penalized for using it* gameplay is repetitive like a M.F. It's basically sneak, takedown, hack door, sneak, takedown, hack door. Zero skills required, just patience to wait for guards moping around* characters are just flat, undeveloped, boring. Jensen is a charisma black hole.* the game difficulty doesn't keep up with character's progress, so by the end of it there is no challenge anymore."
76561198202022403,Not Recommended,238010,24720641,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,xCrazyxSinner13x,terrible as a fps maybe story good but not worth it for bad shooting
76561198174597930,Not Recommended,238010,25461860,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,leadshot5,this game hats giving you ammo
,Not Recommended,238010,7541638,"Posted: 1 November, 2013",all,Gnosis,Deception
76561198142562307,Not Recommended,238010,28700653,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,SHREK SUCKS DUCK DICK,Literal garbage games.
76561198215461792,Not Recommended,238010,25671456,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,rubyismycat,I bought this on its release day for playstation 4. It looked good played beautifully and ran like a swiss watch.So i pick up the pc version it looks like♥♥♥♥♥♥plays like♥♥♥♥♥♥the controls are useless thw mose bobs arround like a ship in a storm the tutorial videos dont play properly and dont get me started on framerate all in all awsome game ruined by an utterly♥♥♥♥♥♥poor convertion for pc play it on a playstation dont buy the pc version is donkey crap.
,Not Recommended,238010,30008294,Posted: 18 February,all,alvinkatojr,"I tried my best to like this game, but with subpar graphics, horrible controls that would n't recognize my controller and a game play system that made it differ from a first person shooter, I honestly can't give this game a nod.Its a refund for me."
,Not Recommended,238010,33665631,Posted: 19 July,all,NekoiNemo,"Not a real Deus Ex game, just a modern wanna-be cashing in on the cult name. If you want something spiritually close to the Deus Ex - play Dishonored or Prey.P.S. Remember how Deus Ex had a questionable method of choosing an ending (reminder: the only difference was the sequence of actions you took in the last two locations which accounted for about 10-15min of the game's runtime) - why, that's too complex for modern ""gamers""! But Human Degeneration has a solution: here is the room with 3 ending cutscene triggering buttons instead!"
76561198007682942,Not Recommended,238010,7963267,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,RedWorm,very very bad game
76561198070556358,Not Recommended,238010,32992609,Posted: 29 June,all,Onion Knight,"Well,everything is so good when I sneaked into a cargo and been caught by someone who I didn't know by now and all my upgrades that has been made to my body(augment) was gone(It wasn't an accident,everyone wiill meet this)!Though it will give you some skill points after you've retrived your gear which has benen taken away by the robber who robbed you(that's waht I call them,yeah),and all the thing I did to get more skill points in the past 18 hours was gone!WTF!Moreover,the ammo that I've difficultly collected was gone,XD.Who the hell knows what are the game-makers thinking!I'm done with this game.XD,let's break up,human revolution,I'm going to experience Human Diveded."
,Not Recommended,238010,33005247,Posted: 29 June,all,Kitty,"Ok, so, everyone kept telling me how awesome this game is. The reviews looked cool. The system requirments for my pc were ok for minimum.. so i gave it a try.The dialogue animations are so awkward, the characters move like puppets when they talk. The voice acting is bad and the lips dont sync some times.. The Cringe actualy distracted me from paying attention to any dialogue. Personaly, i dont really like the gameplay that much, but maybe thats just me, maybe it fits more to everyone else's style.. I just cant continue the playthrough.. Too bad i cant refunded cause I passed the 2h limit.,,Everything feels so awkward.. No idea why Everyone loves this game. If you like puppet shows with uncanny valley characters, you are gonna love this game I guess.."
,Recommended,238010,22682898,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Game Cooker US Rocks VR,"What can I say about this game? If you like a mix of stealth, FPS, questing, side missions, sci-fi, futuristic, slower paced (although you can change that by how you play) beautiful gaming then this is a must buy game. The boss fights are the only thing I can do without. I hate bosses in games. I just like questing and shooting things up. And if you like boss fights the bosses in this game are not very interesting. The game is still a 10/10 for me. It is of high quality, great atmosphere and gives you the same kind of feel that was in the very first installment: Deus EX GOTY. They usually have a lot of sales throughout the year for this game but it is worth the regular price anyway. Have fun."
,Not Recommended,238010,30093485,Posted: 21 February,all,Nelict,I'm not recommending it because i don't want my friends to have as much fun as i do while playing this game. #420Blazeit
76561198008641753,Not Recommended,238010,29849547,Posted: 11 February,all,Old_Boy,"I've played the very first Deus Ex many years ago. But this game isn't worth even $6 sale price for me. Yet another typical corridor-style stealth/shooter. As bad and unrealistic (even for sci-fi) as recent Hollywood movies. And one of the most annoyig things in the game is its non-intuitive interface.If you want to play a decent sci-fi themed shooter, go for Borderlands or Bioshock instead.And if you're looking for a great role-playing, go for Fallout 4 or Witcher 3. Even Batman series games are more realistic and entertaining than this one."
,Not Recommended,238010,29410230,Posted: 21 January,all,MetalOverlord,Bad controls for game pad and some of the game mechanics like leaning around corners to shoot enemies don't like to work right
,Not Recommended,238010,25050795,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Xx_ZombieSlayer_xX,"""Do you recommend this game?""No, I never asked for this...Yes, it is a joke people."
,Not Recommended,238010,26297545,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,MattRock93,Played for an hour and dont really know whats going on
76561198152364741,Recommended,238010,22863864,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,sjrekis,"DE:HR is very nice 'reboot' if you may, that brings back the feeling of playing the original Deus Ex with modern look and advanced gameplay.While the game is clearly lacking when it come to 'true FPS' combat, it really does weel to bring about the immersion and in-depth feeling of the game world as a whole.The story is brilliant and the plot is very, very intriguing, though you can see through is at times. The RP aspects are well crafted and the choices you make may lead to various consequence and gameplay changes the further you go.A true masterpiece and well deserving entry and redemption for the Deus Ex franchise!"
76561198090805678,Not Recommended,238010,29787387,Posted: 8 February,all,Adadxsg,"""Tried to shoot people randomly""♥♥♥♥♥♥it's realistic. I could die easily if i'm not careful.""Tried to shoot carefully and then picked up a gun."" 2 ammo? 1 ammo? Really?WTFI thought u could decided to go stealth or go gunning everyone down.Bad game."
,Not Recommended,238010,29924080,Posted: 14 February,all,LælLion,anybody around here heard of a targeting reticule. Did I hit him with the stun gun? I don't know - i guess I'll wait and see if he collapses or shoots me in the face.10/10. Not intereseted.
,Not Recommended,238010,32559675,Posted: 19 June,all,raskolnikov,"Bland environment and NPCs, awkward controls and vile gunplay. Couldn't get into the story, found it a bit corny and somewhat derivative."
,Not Recommended,238010,30291973,Posted: 3 March,all,PoP.iCe Coklat-Dingin,NOT RECOMMEND
,Not Recommended,238010,22818856,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,SeamusOlarry,Difficulty is extremely high. I was on the easiest setting and died 5 times in the first combat sequence. After sitting through like 15 mintues of dialogue and cutscenes.
,Not Recommended,238010,30035522,Posted: 19 February,all,Fantasty,ITs exciting but its hard
,Not Recommended,238010,24672455,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Gnikrutuf,Another shooter with a bad shooting mechanic that thinks it's an RPG with meaningless choices and boring gameplay.Everything is uglyhish yellow.I'm surprise they are making another one.
,Not Recommended,238010,34693216,Posted: 2 September,all,Mclane,uggh one of those games that combines fps with tpsit just sucks
,Not Recommended,238010,24627118,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,quali,"This, g anme is a piece of utte dog♥♥♥♥♥♥♥that can't even cook box a ramen in the microwave with out melting down his ♥♥♥♥in hous cuz he forgt to take the fork out of the cup, anywhoze itrs nomuch funzierinos goign around with the field of                          view of a parapelgic hunchabck whose arnms are so ♥♥♥♥ing tiny that they just flail around when you run places as its seem they lack biceps to keep them at your sides, also boxes are the worlds bigggest ♥♥♥♥ up as they dropnoodle cartons on the bad doods they also make poeple hit your glasses and play stupid fuing gey muiscs that make you drink bleach and oh what the ♥♥♥♥ i hate this game goo bye"
,Not Recommended,238010,26696755,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,grandtheftautoonline,wtf the directors circumsised? DISLIKE!
,Not Recommended,238010,13094674,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Bizzle Dapp ⚔,This game makes me feel sick.Aweful.4/10
76561198390481750,Not Recommended,238010,34582828,Posted: 29 August,all,svg_kassa,garbage
76561198046891176,Not Recommended,238010,12788009,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,DCxLegend,Not at all what I expected.Really hate the controls and gameplay
76561198046078166,Not Recommended,238010,25227971,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Galecko,I think this game made my aids enflare
,Not Recommended,238010,25712476,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Rob.Fag.24,"The fact that a single-player game has XP, makes me want to kill myself."
76561198095830289,Not Recommended,238010,13048112,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,MEMLY QUINN,Meh...
,Not Recommended,238010,31793479,Posted: 16 May,all,PapaMemay (TeeJammer),"IntroductionTerrible. Why is this highly reccomended? I bought the game knowing it was a story-driven RPG. I assumed it would be similar to The Witcher 3 and games like that but with more of an FPS feel. It was but it was just..♥♥♥♥♥♥Gameplay/DifficultyEventually, you take control of Adam and you have to get to Dr Reed by going through the facility. I died to the first 2 enemies about 3 times and I would consider myself at least an average skill gamer. I don't understand why the first few enemies are so hard! The game play is terrible and un-fun.The game also offers Tutorials but very very basic ones. I'm not new to games like this but the controls where so unusual and akward I couldn't pick them up.StoryIf you like story driven games this is not for you. The story is bad and poorly-written (I have read the story online and have seen gameplay so excuse the 0.6 hrs). During the first few custscenes I suddenly thought ""Ah, this will be like Quantum Break! A Story-Driven Action shooter, not heavily based on gameplay/gunfights"" of course, this wasn't the case as Quantum Break's gameplay is actually fun and has a great story.GraphicsThis game could be made in 2003 and I wouldn't be able to tell the difference. Someparts of the game during gameplay look OK but the rest is awful.ControlsReally, really odd. To look down the site you click the scrolling wheel and to take cover you press Mouse 2? When you aim its like a game on mobile, you enter aiming mode instead of aiming until you let go of the scroll wheel. Crouching is also quite akward its C.ConclusionThe price was ok for the £12 I paid but if you pay more, you are out of your mind.If this was a mobile game it would be great.If this was made in 2003 it would be great.If this game was on the Nintendo 3DS it would be great.But to be a Triple A title for PC and 4th Gen Consoles... its a massive let down."
76561198015480889,Not Recommended,238010,28894107,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Migblorsoft,"This game is cheap, terrible and boring. How is it rated so high? Holy crap"
,Not Recommended,238010,12882084,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,ste@mpunkthing,"Just a not fun, pretty bad game. Go spend half the money on Dishonored. That's an awesome game."
,Not Recommended,238010,35207287,Posted: 25 September,all,Orange Tunak,not yellow enough
,Not Recommended,238010,12687827,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,IaN,I LOVE this game.
76561198056030823,Not Recommended,238010,25605130,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Vodka Molester,Atrocious story. They couldn't tie the story together so they threw some Illuminati in there. Only conspiracy nutjobs will enjoy this game
76561198053771435,Not Recommended,238010,29656316,Posted: 2 February,all,foolstao,"Bought for a few bucks during winter sale.  glad I didn't spend more.  Graphics are crap, controls are clunky, intro took ages and you couldn't even walk your own character while poorly rendered characters gave you talking head technobabble and then you finally get to play and it's just a really poorly rendered FPS.  Nothing special at all."
,Not Recommended,238010,35207644,Posted: 25 September,all,BlackMasta,Not too bad and hard game to play LOLStoryline and skills 8.7/10.This game gave me headache .
,Not Recommended,238010,32920325,Posted: 28 June,all,DAMN THATS NUTTY BRO,A failed sequel to the original classic. Everything looks like♥♥♥♥♥♥ which is also the quality of the game. Don't play this piece of crap
76561198006008518,Not Recommended,238010,35204847,Posted: 25 September,all,spunicz,no idea why this game is so well rated. graphics look like 2005 and not in a good way. none of the animations look capured hence the game lacks a feel of reality. theres way to much cutscenes and uninteresting dialogue with way to little immersion. do yourself a favour and buy something like farcry 3 instead.
,Recommended,238010,30401171,Posted: 8 March,all,procrastinator,"*It says 26 hours but as I write this, I just completed my fourth or fifth playthrough.Human Revolution is easily in my top5. The ""steampunk"" futuristic style of the game was really immersive for me on my first playthrough. The themes of transhumanism and what it means to be human are really attractive to me. Even though Jensen (the main character) is a cold motherf*cker, the dialogues are quite enjoyable.What makes the game so great is the replayability. As advertised, you can play the game without killing anyone, by passing through every crowd unnoticed or you can just go guns blazin. The gameplay is great and you can use a variety of weapons and augmentations.Oh and the soundtrack is f*cking killer."
,Recommended,238010,9744769,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Colman,"If you don't own this game, you owe it to yourself to play it.Fantastic game mechanics, gripping story and beautiful locations. Simply amazing."
,Recommended,238010,9745540,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Joos,"This game is the business; I can't believe I didn't pay attention to it earlier. Anyone even remotely interested in cyberpunk, cybernetics or human augmentation and the future of our evolution should give this game a whirl. The fact that the game's story is mostly linear is balanced by the open world design and that most missions have multiple paths and solutions to achieve your goals.The only minor gripe I have and what most people seem to complain about as well is that the boss-battles forces you to take a violent approach which can be a problem if you want to play a merciful stealth specialist. But once you get your head around this simple fact and start building a less specialised character, everything is peachy.An easy and well deserved 8/10 on my scale."
,Recommended,238010,9749357,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Vmigo,"So, my road of Deus Ex: Human Revolution is a bumpy one. I bought the original one a week before the director's cut came out, and this prevented me from wanting to play it at all, so I didn't. But I just bought the director's cut last week and thought I'd give it a good playthrough. So I did. Straight out I noticed many similarities to the original Deus Ex, and I loved that with a passion, not to mention the storyline and gameplay itself is amazing. All the characters have taste and good voice actors to match with, and I've never once wanted to play a newer game for a second playthrough STRAIGHT after completing it for the first time. Deus Ex: Human Revolution sure is a gem hidden in a haystack. I would recommend this game tenfold. I don't think I've enjoyed a game this much in a loooong time. Now, in terms of the director's cut specifically, it supposedly improves on the gameplay and bugs and such, I can't really attest having not played the non director's cut, but the addition of the DLC definitely made the game a good few hours longer, and is a happy addition. Whether you're a hardcore Deus Ex fan like myself or you'd love something..a little different from your standard 'hold left click and fire', Deus Ex: Human Revolution - Director's Cut is a wonderful game to pick up and invest plenty of time to. There's plenty to explore, many side quests, funny little quirks, easter eggs to find and much more. Get this game.JC Denton: A bomb!Adam Jensen: I didn't ask for this."
76561198023382444,Recommended,238010,9750167,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,docluedeman,I'd definitely recommend this game!!
,Recommended,238010,9168527,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,zryzner,"Man, this one is awesome! It's like the original Deus Ex, whoo-hoo!--After finishing the game I think it actually didn't beat the original game, but finally it's a worthy successor. Bring on another one, can't wait!"
76561198058668938,Recommended,238010,9757138,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Unlimited,"I didn't play the first release (so not wasting extra bucks) and picked this off in the $5 sale... definitely worth it...If you have been a game long enough and have played the unmatched original, You'll be pleased to know that it carries on the Ladie's Bathroom joke which is more than enough reason to buy it,If not considering graphics, story, variety in completing missions and an array of exploration in a futuristic world...The level of yellow is beyond Asian especially in Honkong, Singapore...."
,Recommended,238010,9757860,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Onozomg,"Excellent story, one of the best games I've ever played"
,Recommended,238010,9878556,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Cash 4 Memes,Intense amounts of stealth and getting caught in the process.9.5/10
76561198046401235,Not Recommended,238010,9682243,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,cloudedknife,"Don't buy unless you don't care about successfully completing challenging achievements...like going through the entire game without killing anyone.  Sadly you may be robbed of your efforts due to game glitches.  Yep, you may hide an unconscious body in the hopes that no one notices it, only to find that the little tunnel you stuffed it in has glitched, causing the body to now be sticking out THROUGH the wall...dead, rather than unconscious.  0of10 rating.  Not even worth the $5 I spent on steam sale."
76561198051680924,Recommended,238010,9696430,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,ross,abslaulty awsome
76561197970603976,Recommended,238010,9726522,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,ManOWar2,Pretty good game. One of the best scenario in the genre. Definately woth the prices and the combination of multiples genres in the same gameplay mechanics is pretty well done. I was never bored or annoyed during the whole scenario. I strongly recommend this title.
76561198012474259,Recommended,238010,9727432,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Kris1520,"By far, the best campaign I have ever  ever played. You get to choose how you want the story line to go, combined with tactic, strategy and getting to shoot and blow your enemies to hell and back."
,Recommended,238010,9731545,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Mei is Bae,such a good game 24 hours of story speaking of story it has a great backround and soundtrack
76561198025813626,Recommended,238010,9733168,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Eldemeer - IPX,"Absolutely stunning, pumping combat, razor sharp visuals backed by driven dark cyberpunk story. you cant miss it!"
,Recommended,238010,9863483,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,djmoc,Great Game which keeps my interest no matter how many times I play it. It's really great that they keep tweeking it with new stuff like this Directors cut with and extra 5 hrs or more play.
,Recommended,238010,9869982,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,JOSHasorus,This game is pretty
,Recommended,238010,7509565,"Posted: 29 October, 2013",all,Kenjara,A perfect excuse to play through a great game once more.
,Recommended,238010,9862012,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,SimonSays,Wow - this game is great - although limited in scope in comparison to the original Deus Ex in some ways. For instance non player characters are shallow - in the original an NPC might have a dozen or more things to say if you kept talking to them. In HR the most you get is two statements afterwards. It is not game-breaking by any means but it is sad - especially considering Dishonored had no problem with this (that might have had something to do with Harvey Smith though). However HR is one of the best sneaker/shooter/rpg hybrids I've played in the last few years. Easy to recommend if you love the original DX - if you never played it but are into games like Bioshock or Dishonored definitely pick this up. The Directors Cut fixes almost all the issues I had with the original release other than the shallow NPCs.
76561198047731082,Recommended,238010,10631784,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,FatCat,"Deus Ex is one of the best games ever for me. DX: HR is good, but unfortunately it is far enough from original atmosphere, scenery and gameplay. Like ""The Matrix"" trilogy: The Matrix is a member of IMDB Top 100 for many years, but The Matrix: Reload and The Matrix: Revolution would never be a member. The game is much better than Deux Ex: Invisible War, it has modern graphics level, good enough scenery and gameplay. Adding ""bosses"" was a really bad idea in my opinion.Anyway, I would recommend to buy it. It is not so good in comparing with original Deus Ex, but it is one of the best games of last years for me."
,Recommended,238010,10722620,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Maes Dietrich,A fun immersive game.
,Recommended,238010,10725476,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Billyboi,"Almost everything about this game is stellar. Story, graphics, sound, characters, gameplay are all fantastic. Can be played stealthfully or run-n-gun. Stealth is way more fun in my opinion. Only real flaw of the game is character movements feel very spastic when they talk, especially the womens character animations which for the most part seem copy pasted to each other.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,238010,10690580,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,President Camacho,"Unlike Deus Ex 2, this is a worthy sequel to Deus Ex that retains the spirit of the original and adds fluid modern game mechanics. Unfortunately, there are a few bugs and some less-than-impressive graphics and sound holding this game back from perfection. The Director's Cut fixes the infamous boss fights and makes the combat feel more intense, but it also ditches the yellow color pallate that made the original version look unique, something that some players might not be OK with."
,Not Recommended,238010,10735046,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Snowman,"Bought it on sale because I had heard good things about it. Played it for about half an hour. Not sure how this game got a 91/100 metascore. Very shoddy animations. The kind of graphics I would expect to see on a late PS2 game or early PS3. The gameplay is like a very poorly executed splinter cell type, sneaking around, spurts of action...ish type game. If you like japanese art/DMC action type games then I imagine you could get used to the game but I expected a lot more."
76561198018303125,Recommended,238010,10763850,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Skunk Ape,This grame name of Dreus Ex is as fun as my daddy's broat.
,Recommended,238010,10758941,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Ghesso,cool
76561198092155435,Recommended,238010,10750505,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,ihatezizek,I spent approx. one million hours on the original. This game is even better
76561198057911337,Not Recommended,238010,10799540,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,VS,"I've been really excited to play this game. I've got a laptop with two graphics cards, 8650 and 8970m. Deus Ex HR won't recognize the 8970m, so graphics are unplayable.On their forums, the solution they provide: Disable your 8650.So instead of fixing the problem, I have to disable one of my graphics cards?Poor developer.Edit: You have to force your AMD to use the game on high performance. Right click your desktop and configure switchable graphics for the game."
,Recommended,238010,10802122,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,NightMare,"Played the non director's cut on PS3, one of my favourite games. The gameplay is simply fun and the choices you make feel like they actually matter."
,Recommended,238010,10803726,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Aldo.Calrissian,"I've played through this game multiple times, and it brought me new things every time. There's so much to do and plenty to learn about the well crafted world. Definitely worth it."
,Recommended,238010,10827890,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Simskadoo,This game surprised me. I bought it on sale but have got loads of play time from it while also making good progress through the game.
76561198068475434,Recommended,238010,10833800,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,swim1500,"A great game. Although not quite the experience of the original Deus Ex, it still has a strong story and they got the gameplay right. With so many paths to take and interesting augs to choose the game can easily be replayed several times."
,Recommended,238010,10816717,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Gorgeous Gamer,I prayed for this to be in the Steam Summer Sale and gaben delivered a miracle.
,Recommended,238010,7523856,"Posted: 30 October, 2013",all,RXC001,"For those who love FPSRPGs, love RPGs, have A LOT of spare time, and are okay with the color yellow. This is the game for you!"
76561198069397239,Recommended,238010,10807297,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Trick,I never asked for this 10/10 GOTY.
,Recommended,238010,10807715,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Big Snake,"Really nice improvement over the original, mainly because of the slight performance enhancement(or should I say augmentation? huehue)but, the download is HUGE.20 GIGABYTES.Not all of it is the game though, most of that 20 or atleast half of it is Bonus Content.When they said director's cut, they weren't kidding."
76561198068284653,Recommended,238010,10706333,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Martin,This is a great game and for the current price of £3.24 it's an absolute steal.  Don't hesitate to pick it up - cheap doesn't mean bad.
76561198046727816,Recommended,238010,10706618,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,PhoJoMojo,"This basically improves upon an already awesome game. They basically fixed pretty much everything people criticised from the original released game. If you thoroughly enjoyed playing the originaly DE: Human Revolution and you have $5 burning in your pocket, there's not really a reason not to get this."
76561198050000060,Recommended,238010,10708318,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,er1k,The director's cut addresses the issue the original release had with the boss fights and integrates the missing link DLC.  It is definitely the version to buy and I would heartily recommend it.
76561198002557449,Recommended,238010,10709267,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,chopsuey34,This game is an excellent example of what stealth gameplay can be.
,Recommended,238010,10675476,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Buttmancer,"This is quite possibly my favorite game from the past 5 years.Reasons:Cyberpunk aesthetic and story more reminiscent of Ghost in the Shell than Blade Runner.A player-choice system that is more than just branching dialogue trees.Rather than presenting pseudo-choice (Skyrim) or choices that are only brought on by choices in dialogue (KotOR), DX:HR gives you true choice in the form of consequences of your actions. Whether you choose to save someone, give someone a quick death, kill absolutely nobody during the entire game, support someone's political agenda,refuse to get certain upgrades, all of which change the outcome of events in the game.You don't have to kill people.I'm bothered by the number of shooters/RPGs that try to portray the protagonist as an incontrovertibly good guy yet force you to kill everyone in a level to progress through the story. That's narrative-gameplay dissonance, and it makes your game ♥♥♥♥♥♥. DX:HR doesn't do that, and it doesn't do that in two ways.1) You can progress through the game without killing anyone (except for bosses, but you can defeat them using indirect damage). You can actually be a good guy in this game. You can choose to stick to your anti-gun, pacifist mantra if you lean that way, you hippie. Alternatively, you can choose who you kill and who you don't. Don't want to shoot civilians? Don't! Don't want to harm police? Don't! Don't want to kill PMCs because they're ""just doing their job""? Don't! Don't want to knock off gangsters because you think that'll just lead to escalated violence in Detroit? Don't! Alternatively, you can just kill everyone. But then why not just play Hard Reset?2) The setting of the game and the protagonist are too morally ambiguous for you to really be called the ""good guy"", and the protagonist verbally acknowledges this. DX:HR is very much like a western (I'm thinking of Clint Eastwood's character in Unforgiven) in this sense. Rather than the game constantly telling you that you are the ""good guy"" and then making you massacre an entire tribe of indigenous people (Jedi Academy), you are never told that you are doing the right thing. You're just a guy who works for a company that has more power than the government. It is your actions that determine your character, actions that could paint you as either benevolent, malevolent, or ambivalent.Complaints:There are four possible endings, each of which can be unlocked merely by pushing a different button right before the last cutscene.Rather than receiving just one ending that fits within the Deus Ex canon or an outcome that jibes with your choices throughout the game, you get four half-baked possible endings, none of which were any result of your actions during the game beyond pressing a different button.Deus Ex: Human Revolution is the most fun I have had playing a game since I first played through KotOR. It is a must-play, but make sure you get the Director's Cut."
,Recommended,238010,10739656,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Dedsec,"Everyone says the game is full of bugs, but I haven't seen any.  Every now and then something might get a little glitchy, but no moreso than every other game on the market.I loved the game when it first came out, and I love all the additions in the directors cut.  I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,238010,10849156,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Jimmy,"Good stealth gameplay, very fun, but it felt like it was trying a little too hard to be ""not-mainstream"" based on the difficulty with which the player had to move around. The AI was okay but a lot of the game (for those trying to get the ""never sighted"" achievements) was luring someone away from the group, and then doing that same trick about three more times. The bad guys never wise up.But all in all a good game with a well-written story, one that really makes you think about the consequences and realities of human augmentation, something a lot of us are probably going to have to seriously think about as technology improves."
76561198086499308,Recommended,238010,10849406,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,jubilant,All the black males look exactly the same
,Recommended,238010,10012327,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Hei,"Exceptional graphics, a superb plot development, and a great experience overall."
76561198029852280,Recommended,238010,9488243,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Valtheknight,"Deus Ex: Human Revolution - Director's Cut.Honestly ? I really can't see it being worth the money.  And of course this being the interwebs with the groups of militant fanboys running rampant, so i quess you need an objective explanation why i feel this way.Well for starters the positive marks, which unfortunately are minute. Comparing to the base-game DC contains ""all ?"" the DLC for DX:HR, i put that in quotes because i think i may have seen more than what's in the DC. Althought looking it over will prove difficult since i could not find the original version of DX:HR on STEAM. Which would have listed all the DLC.But after that minor derail of the thing that i was supposed to talk about. All (?) the DLC have been integrated to the DC.This includes the most notable one, which was Missing Link. I'm happy that they actually managed to INCLUDE It to the main storyline this time, instead of it being like when it came out when it was a standalone.( I know that there might have been those enterprising nerds, that might have found the way to port save files between the two. But lets be honest, Missing Link should have been integrated properly the first time. )And the game also includes those pre-order/disc-retail version DLC packets. ""Explosive mission"" and.. ""whatevertheballsitsname"". And since i didn't even know about the Tong Mission DLC, i really have nothing to say about it. Besides being WAY TOO SMEGGING EASY. Both 1st run and NG+.And that conveniently bring me to the ""New Game+"", ffffffff*ck that system. It really serves no other point that making archievement hunting for the rarest chievs.. urgghh. Top-of-me-head.. ""Foxiest of Hounds"" and ""Doctorate"".(All right, i cheated for the last name.)But besides the chiev hunting, it really serves no other purpose. I finished the game with 22 praxis-points and that's with most of the augments fully upgraded, not counting the Typhoon-system. And this was done with the power-grindy-most-optimal way of doing things. And i believe you know what i mean by that so i don't need to explain.Both times i played the DC, i did it non-lethal. since doing it that way is the most optimal way when playing on the highest difficulty, which i also did twice. I'm considering about doing one last run lethal, but since i'm so bored of it i cannot see the reason of going through another 12+ hours of stuff (faster if i do it on the lowest difficulty and not giving a damn about the sidequest).Besides that, there are no improvements made to the game. The graphical quality is still the same, which was not that good to begin with. The excuse for that, is that the character animations are the same, every-single-time. which i disliked then and i dislike it even more now, after all the... 4-5 Times i have played through DX:HR. (Thats with the DC.)For example: Witcher 2 had the enhanced edition upgrade and that improved some of the character animations, scenes, extra cutscenes, a completely new game mode and that was free of charge. In the case of DX:HR - DC. Its just all the DLC and pre-order/retail-version, stuff in one package and NOTHING ELSE.(And just before i started this,  i noticed that the shaders started to break down. This might have just been because of my graphics-card being on its last legs. But when i started the level again the problem persisted, but i really cannot say what caused that.)Oh brother, now i'm getting a headache..I havent had this bad of a headache since i played one game twice over and got the same experience both times, all in a way that i have already played numerous times over, with little-to-no variety and new stuff to find...No wait..Oh, and one last thing i forgot to mention, Boss Battles.They are still basically the same, only this time you may not need to fire a shot at them. If you know where to go and what to do. AND THEY STILL DIE NO MATTER WHAT. AND YOU STILL CANNOT JUST GO PAST THEM NON-LETHAL.And another thing: Graphical update my backside. the game still looks like its for 360 and not PC, theres only a minor upgrade in some of the stuff, but to me, it seems like someone just removed my-mothers-reading-glasses Filter and nothing more. And let me tell you some texture popping still happens, and its worse than the Spyro game that i got for the FIRST PLAYSTATION. PSX.TAKE THE HINT.Oh and because the STEAM's system for reviews is bad, the game is a solid 7/10."
76561198007321046,Recommended,238010,8201139,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,HonorUntoDeath,For anyone that was unimpressed with the original game. Improves in almost all aspects especially the boss battles. What the game should have been originally.
,Recommended,238010,8519313,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Cogbro,"I absolutely love this game. Sure, it has a couple of flaws, like being forced out of stealth for boss battles. But everything else in the game makes up for it. Stunning visuals, awesome voice acting, and an immersive world that could easily become our own in a few years."
,Recommended,238010,8441577,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Professor Smiles,"The director's cut adds the DLC into story points where they make the most sense. I have enjoyed replaying Deus Ex: HR with the DLC added in. Though I must say the double-barrel shotgun, and the satchel charges are almost too much fun."
76561198073471639,Recommended,238010,8623508,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Ripkotsu,LIke how you can make your own choices and play your own way and controls were perfect
,Recommended,238010,8612214,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Magnetic Lobster >B(,I never asked for this.But I'm so glad they did.
76561198070377870,Recommended,238010,8801539,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,DragonWarrior_125,"Awesome game, but it's hard!!"
,Recommended,238010,8802926,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Sad Sixers Fan,"If you didn't like the first version of DXHR, this version fixes old issues, adds new content, and makes a great successor toa great game. As the 2nd Deus Ex, I recognize it's importantance to fans of the series, because as we know, no deus ex games were released from 2000-2010, obviously."
76561197972057979,Recommended,238010,8724462,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,furnaman,well worth it . over 200 hrs on this and over 500 on orignal
76561198043772227,Recommended,238010,8724599,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,finnido1,"Excellent game.  Good storyline.  Not too many gaps and a mostly satisfying ending.  Many hours of gameplay if you like to explore everything as I do.  Highly recommend the game if it isn't already in your steam catelog.  I didn't play the ""normal"" version as the Director's Cut is what I purchased.  So, I don't know how complete the original version might be in comparison to the Director's Cut.  Enjoy!  I know I did."
,Recommended,238010,8726331,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,GodOfCrimson,"Finally, my Deus Ex 3 is augmented! Obviously it is not as good as Deus Ex 1 but it is still very good!P.S. Watch the credits to the end!"
,Recommended,238010,8976227,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Deception,"Despite the lack of multi-player, Deus Ex Human Revolution definitely earns its A ranking (91 metascore). With a variety of of styles to choose, weather stalking through the halls and silently taking out guards or going in guns blazing, there is a play style suited for every type of gamer. With excellent graphics, driving story, character development and customization Deus Ex is sure to keep you engross for many hours. Highly recommended for any gamers collection. A ""too good of an opertunity to pass up"" when Steam host a sale as well. 9/10."
,Recommended,238010,8976414,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Ваш Апокалипсис,Magnificent!
76561198072197187,Recommended,238010,8976562,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,papa BEASTwood,It's a masterpiece. It has everything what a sci-fi fan and a true gamer want!
,Recommended,238010,8543400,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Vizier,"Extremely immersive world, quick hard-hitting stealth gameplay and intriguing story make this game a must play in my books.Gives you a game in which you decide how deep you get into it, in both combat and story."
,Recommended,238010,8544234,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,GhostOfYoda,"Human Revolution captures the spirit and themes of the original Deus Ex, and turns it into a fun-to-play modern game. This is perhaps the only 'stealth' game I've truly enjoyed playing, and yet the player who prefers to go in all-guns-blazing is rewarded with a satisfying arsenal of weaponry. Sneaking around the docks triggered a lot of nostalgia for the NSF airfield of the original game; Human Revolution definitely feels like a Deux Ex!I was a bit worried that the Director's Cut version of game was verging on overly-long (with the addition of the extensive 'Missing Link' chapter before the finale of the main game); but the inclusion of this chapter paid off for me at the end of the main game, where the reveal sent shivers down my spine in a way it didn't when I first played through this without the DLC."
76561198007368896,Recommended,238010,8544506,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,ddkp1nonly,Amazing
,Recommended,238010,8546651,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,|RED VETS| Mikeumus,Really enjoyed this Deus Ex experience. I twas more than I thought it to be both in length and scope. I recommend it to any cyberpunk or original Dues Ex fans.
,Recommended,238010,8521632,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,talboy74,"I bought Deus Ex: HR not expecting much of a game, but it has quickly become the most played game in my library. I tend to have very little free time during the day, but this is a great way to pass it."
,Recommended,238010,8522054,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,RTB WestyJoe,"Oustanding game.  Huge in scope, excellent gameplay and story with multiple endings.  Open ended play.  If you enjoyed the rest of the series, you will love this.  If you have never played the others, you won't be left out in the dark.  An excellent game."
76561197977114657,Recommended,238010,8599375,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Noodle,One of my favorite games ever.
76561198028467813,Recommended,238010,8600899,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,CoyoteRogue,"Human Revolution as it was originally meant to be.Although for many the differences are few and trite, its always a good thing when a company decides to re-review its game to realize their programming ideals.Amazing game and worth many a play-through."
,Recommended,238010,7622325,"Posted: 10 November, 2013",all,Law Abiding Engineer,"Although I personally feel this should have been added to the non DR version, I think that it was worth the $10 (if you did not have the Missing Link) or $5 (if you did have the missing link) because playing through the game again, I realized why I loved it in the first place.   This game is so deep in detail and story that it has a replayability factor to it.   I highly recommend this game to people who enjoy a game that has an emersing story, good graphics, great gameplay and enjoy single player games.   The trailer alone (The Fall Of Icarus one), was epic in it's own way."
76561198030540939,Recommended,238010,8574329,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,golan2072,"This is the ultimate cyberpunk FPS/RPG/Stealth hybrid. Graphics are top notch, atmosphere is second to none, and your character - and weapons - are all customizable. The plot is classic cyberpunk with conspiracy elements. You can also choose your play-style; you can go stealthy or go in all guns blazing - your choice."
76561198061087489,Recommended,238010,8576095,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,CrumbyPortal,"Although I haven't played it much on PC, I have played this game alot on Xbox 360. If you like intelligent, subtile and challenging action games then I think that you cannot really get much better than Deus Ex: Human Revolution. It is one of the best in the Action RPG genre and I highly recommend people getting it if they are willing to put alot of time and effort in. Oh and btw get the Director'c Cut as the side missons are fantastic and the one flaw in the original is fixed and that is the tedious boss battles."
,Recommended,238010,8576867,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Yoshiru,"Takes the best of the old (action rpgs) and combines it with the best of the new. This is absolutely the best Deus Ex so far (if you're playing them for the first time, I realize there is a TON of nostalgia for the older ones, and they were better in their day, than this one is in its day).The only con: A lot of planned content was cut out either for budget reasons, or to make deadlines (probably both), and while they sewed the rest back together fairly well, the seams still show.Other than that, GREAT game."
,Recommended,238010,8577712,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,The Harsh Arsh,Its story is intresting. A very good game. Any fan of mass effect or any one who likes shooters and rpgs get this
,Recommended,238010,8463036,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,MuhMuhMuhImDead,changed my life
76561198028623799,Recommended,238010,8465538,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,R8.50 Mango,very doubleplus extra good get it yes
,Recommended,238010,8465738,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Hyrael,"Philip K♥♥♥♥♥♥molests Robert Anton Wilson through the medium of a Keanu Reeves simulator, and it kicks♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198019424810,Recommended,238010,8468263,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Doubleclick,"If I buy a game, I'll almost always complete it. So I'm thankful I jumped in and bought Deus Ex, otherwise I would never have seen the greatness it (eventually) has to offer. Had I been able to play the first hour or so, I would probably have resolved never to play the whole game, clunky as it was. The gameplay, graphics and writing seem very slipshod at first, but gradually more and more moments of greatness piled up until I realised the truth: I love this game.Does it feel dated for a 2011 release? Yes it does, and mostly in good ways. Deus Ex reminded me of the feeling of playing games like Half Life and Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory for the first time, and I realised how much I'd missed those games. It's not just a nostalgia trip either. There is sophistication here that I haven't seen performed so well anywhere else. There's a moment where your character, Adam, and another major character appear to part ways permanently, and in any other game that would simply be the way the story goes; no matter how hard you'd fight, [x] minutes into a major battle you'd get [event y] and nothing about how you fought it could change that. Not in Deus Ex, however; you really can alter that course. When a go-between tells you that you've got a hard choice between saving the scientist who'll be your star witness in a prosecution case or saving the lives of dozens of other people, but you can't save both... in any other game you'd assume that this is a strictly A or B situation. Deus Ex will surprise you when you discover there really is a third way. The results of your earlier actions carry really nicely from  the past to the future, sometimes in small ways such as the script and sometimes to a much more significant degree. You will not see my game, and I did not see yours.So, yes, it was 2011 and yet that low-res skybox does appear to be a 16-colour bitmap. Yeah, the animations often look like something from ten years ago. No, your enemies cannot climb ladders or follow you into the vents. But so what, when it does so many things brilliantly? I took 43 hours to beat this game ONCE, partly as a result of hunting all the little secrets and also because I found so many things to do that are fun but slow. The first time I unlocked the ability to hack security turrets to make them hunt guards, I carried that thing around with me for the rest of the mission. Later on, I'd be punching a hole through the wall of my enemies' HQ, dumping a hacked turret in their reception area, and walking out nonchalantly through the hole I'd made while bullets and screams echoed behind me and achievements for great marksmanship flashed up on the screen. Wonderful."
76561198035497636,Recommended,238010,10883997,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Physco Mantits,"I indeed did ask for this, 10/10."
76561197972431830,Recommended,238010,10884997,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,K1LN1K,"Human Revolution is simply an amazing game, and the Director's Cut brings it all to the table. Open ended main and side quests allow you approach things in any way. The story is great, the voice acting is good, and there are a few good choices in the game that have important consequences. How the final choice in the game is made is dissapointing, and *SOME* character models look dated. But all in all, DX:HR is a 10/10. I have hundreds of hours on the original, before the Director's Cut was released, so I know what I'm reccomending."
,Recommended,238010,10885981,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Baron Pilfer Thoust's Wench,"This game is definitely worth checking out. Great graphics, great story, great gameplay. It's pretty ♥♥♥♥ing awesome."
,Recommended,238010,10886240,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Cube,I NEVER ASKED FOR THIS
76561198007165581,Recommended,238010,10888298,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,briansylam,"Although not the most well-crafted game of its type out there, Human Revolution does provide a nice balance of gameplay, story, and engagement.  It doesn't really excell in any of the three departments but it does a good enough job to keep you relatively entertained.  As long as you are not expecting too much, you should have some fun with the game.  And at the current, greatly-discounted price that it is right now, it is well worth picking up."
,Recommended,238010,10888762,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,_cricks,Well made game imo.
76561198011905858,Recommended,238010,10889071,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,chithwe,Best stealth-action conspiracy game!
76561198064512530,Recommended,238010,10889489,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,flimityflamity,I don't usually enjoy RPGs but enjoy this one immensely.
,Recommended,238010,10594152,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,bazzel742541,"Amazing Game, Amazing Gameplay, Fast paced with enough to keep a farmers interest"
,Recommended,238010,11167735,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Solmeaus,"After already putting in over 40 hours in the original, I wanted to take a crack at the boss fights to see what all has been changed. I've so far only complete the first boss fight, the improvements to the room layout definitely assists those who are not geared for direct combat and there are ways to combat him now without even shooting him directly. The original layout was just a large room with a few nooks, meaning you were almost always exposed or near exposed to Barrett and the only way to kill his was directly damaging him through weapons or explosive items found throughout the room. The changes are very welcome and definitely make the game more enjoyable when it comes the boss fights.As before, I highly suggest this game to anyone who likes Sci-Fi and enjoys RPG elements combined with FPS. Great story line, great visuals, and great music."
,Recommended,238010,11168822,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Toxic,"Everyone who loves stealth games this one must to have. Very enjoyable story line. Nice controls, fun content. Computer hacking and so on."
,Recommended,238010,11184248,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Schwifty Rick,"One of the greatest games I've ever had the pleasure of playing. Being that I pre-ordered the game when it first came out, I was disappointed by the fact that the DLC would not be able to cross over. The Director's Cut definitely made up for any mistakes and/or flaws the last game had (which were very few to none) and if any game definitely lives up to making a re-release better it is DE:HRDC. If you are a Deus Ex fan, this game will be a great addition to your collection."
,Recommended,238010,11187182,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Logrus,"Frankly, this is the best game I have played in a very long time. Making it work on my machine was a bit of a pain, as it is using incredible amounts of RAM. Disabling every other service at start up did the trick though, and I can enjoy the game at a very good level of graphic details without too bad a frame rate. I love the user interface. It is intuitive and relatively easy to use. I like very much the general look and feel: you can nearly feel and smell the pollution of these cities of a near future. I love the realism of the situations and the fact that the few mini games within the game (essentially the hacking part) feels not too forced and even relatively realistic. But the most important thing is that I love the story. It is compelling, well told (even if sometime a little bit easy to foresee) and the characters feel true and seem to have motivations and personality. Although the game is not technically a sandbox game, it feels nearly like one, because all the railroading from one city to another feels quite natural. All in all, an excellent game, but with a couple of technical issues (RAM usage, and some bugs)."
76561197969314294,Recommended,238010,11198143,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Kraken,"Ignore my hours played - I have completed the non-Directors Cut version and DLCs and i'm now working through this version.In my 30ish years of gaming, this game sits in my top 3.  The setting is amazing, the story is solid, the characters are interesting and like a great book, you don't want to go to sleep because you have to know what happens next.How you complete tasks is largely down to your creativity and personal style.  It apparently is possible to complete this game without actually killing anyone ;)  You can augment your character in a myriad of ways to further tailor it to the way you want to play.  Want to turn invisible? Augment your stealth.  Want to hack into anything and everything? Spend your points in hacking.  Want to be fast, strong, athletic, sneaky, perceptive? All those are on offer too.I just love this game.  Its like being in the best dystopian future movie and you get all the best lines.Special mention for the soundtrack - its as good as the rest of the game and unlike most other games I leave the music on as it really fits and adds to the experience."
,Recommended,238010,11205416,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,[L0] Orelus,"This is a must have in anyone's collection. From the very beginning the story and the characters attract you, the game system is really amazing and the options of going lethal and non lethal are quite interesting. Also the fact your augments help you through the game and the amount of secrets this game has will keep you playing constantly.Lastly, the story is so breath taking and has deep morals that you feel yourself inmersed as Adam Jensen taking every single action, the end I will leave it to you for beating the game but is worth it, every second played."
76561197997335531,Recommended,238010,9173648,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,firemarshall Billiam,"After playing the first Deus Ex, this was a refreshing change and I truly enjoyed the game. I am now on my second play threw to trry and experience the diffrent endings and achievements. This is a must have!!"
76561197972718439,Recommended,238010,9659714,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,ravenz67,Best $10 I've spent on a game in a while.  It's a Splinter Cell type FPS that has very deep gameplay and keeps you wanting to play for just 15 more minutes to see what's next.  Highly recommended.  I didn't realize it was this good of a game or I would have purchased at release time.
76561198044394681,Recommended,238010,9664737,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,German_Swan92,One of my favorite games from recent years 9/10
,Not Recommended,238010,9644643,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Joseph Stalin's Moustache,"As much as I love Human Revolution and playing more of it without the &quot♥♥♥♥♥♥filter"" and the DLC, this runs horribly on my computer.  I can easily run the original Human Revoultion at 60+ frames easily with max. settings.  However, with the settings at the bare minimum and screwing around with the registry even, the game barely tops 10 frames per second.  Wasted $15 for a game that I already have."
76561198042439138,Recommended,238010,9644653,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,KyleHeadShot,"I love this game, Nuff said!"
,Recommended,238010,9645243,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,NeverMoreBy,The best game ever.
,Recommended,238010,9645518,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,JerryCrazyWheels,you can beat this game without using augs for the whole playthrough by just using a metal box to back down wall. i am on second playthrough using augs in my new game plus.
,Recommended,238010,9645562,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,webkilla,"This game is amazing. The depth, the plots, the intrique, the many choices you will have to make - and the even more results that can come of them. Do you kill? Do you help? Do you lie? Do you sneak? Do you snipe? Do you stab people with your robo-arm swords?"
76561197996612156,Recommended,238010,9645945,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,adune_bajor,great game buy it worth every penny if you like a single player fps game
76561198003304145,Recommended,238010,9645976,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Johnny,The price for this game is beyond perfect and makethis an instant buy for anyone interested in depth of gameplay and intense strategy as well as great side missions and a myriad of puzzles to pass the time.
,Recommended,238010,9646052,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,stevy_beevy,"Worth every dime. This game was a incredible experience.It is a hallmark of gaming that everyone should not miss.It is brutally difficult at times, especially if you want to go the pacifist route and not kill anyone, which seems like the better route (enemy takedowns won't be as cool though). It also has the normal console to PC port issues with the interface.Regardless. Play it.9/10"
,Recommended,238010,9646117,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Fugg Aaagh 🎃,"A pretty decent game and now the Director's cut is on sale I recommend you buy it for the £3.24 but is it worth £13? not really, although it is fun in what ever play style you pick but the stealth is ruined by stupid AI or something stupid that happens.10/10 would recommend but only in sale"
,Recommended,238010,9646269,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,RF Frequency,One of the best games for your money! Well developed and fleshed out story. Engaging game mechanics (even moreso now that the boss fights can be completed without firing a single shot for those of you who are up to the task of going for a PURE pacifist achievment run.
,Recommended,238010,9646735,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Cristan,"I believe this game is bloody brilliant. The story is amazing, the gameplay is very good and the improvement on the director's cut are also really good and actually fixes every major complaint about the first version of the game. So go buy it!"
76561197997141074,Recommended,238010,9646812,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,L. Ron Hoyabembe,Buy this game its worth a playthrough.
76561198032323815,Recommended,238010,9646929,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Uncle Rukus,Amazing.
,Recommended,238010,9647202,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,wil24,"Loved this game, easily a favourite. Having done most achievements in DXHR already though, some parts felt very repetitive."
76561198017867537,Recommended,238010,9647307,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Spectre,"An awesome game. Have it both on xbox 360 and pc just because it is so good. When on sale its a no brainer and even when not, its worth considering."
,Recommended,238010,9647653,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Old Hickory,Added more content to an already great game.
,Recommended,238010,9648420,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Technical Joker,"Love the series, they didn't disapoint with this."
76561198047203895,Recommended,238010,9955207,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,ՐԾՅԾρԾՌʅȝԳȝՌԺ1,"This is my favorite game that i've bought on steam, next to Garry's Mod.The hacking in this game is more fun then any other hacking simulation i've seen in a video game before.The stealth is awesome, it is very fun as well, like throwing stuff to distract people into going where you want them.The shooting is fun, you can mod your guns with silencers and reload speed upgraders.Unlike the first Deus Ex, you dont have to find melee weapons, as Jensen has swords built into his arms, or you can just punch people which is always fun.All and all a great game, and well worth your money.10/10"
,Recommended,238010,9956543,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,whumbl,"Deus Ex: Human Revolution is a fun, stealthy action game with a meaningful story."
,Recommended,238010,9956628,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,kokoroyer,"Great, interesting story. Thrilling action. Meaningful choices & consequences for every one of them. I've been playing video games at least since I was 4 and this is by far my favorite one of all."
76561198037059114,Recommended,238010,9956675,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Imperfect Gentleman,"Cyberpunk, conspiracy, philosophy, customisation and the careful application of violence. I adore pretty much everything about this game. Whatever you pay for it, it'll be worth it."
,Recommended,238010,9959164,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,kray28,"Although it falls short of the length, breadth and depth of the original Deus Ex, HR is much more of a worthy successor than Invisible War was. The core gameplay of the Deus Ex brand is still there though....first person perspective, RPG elements, and multiple paths to objectives await. Ther game is good enough that multiple playthroughs really are required to full experience the entire story. With the Director's Cut, you get the Missing Link DLC integrated right into the game, and you also get NG+ which allows you to carry over your character with PRAXIS upgrades into a second playthrough. I found myself at numerous points quicksaving and trying something else just to see the different outcomes. If there's a downside here, I'd say that the story itself doesn't resolve itself in a way I found satisfactory, and I really felt that the ending(s) were forced. Overall, I highly recommend, and I hope that the developers build on the successful factors of the gameplay formula here...but maybe next time weave together a more cohesive narrative to go with it."
76561198006326012,Recommended,238010,9961238,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,4ryan6,"This is probably the most addictive FPS game I have ever played, from the different approach angles you can play the game from stealth to openly kill em all, however you decide to play the game is entirely up to you!   The fantastic thing regarding the Directors Cut is after the first playthrough, you can start a new game in the + mode, which allows you to start out with all the previous Praxis Kits you earned, and the weapon inventory fully expanded.   I have played First Person Shooters for years and years, but this is a FPS with a twist, I do not think anyone would be dissappointed getting this game, I truly have enjoyed it!  Ryan"
76561198014977223,Recommended,238010,9949643,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,serge_px,"Having played the first Deus Ex on my Mac, I am now really happy to find that the directors Cut works on my Mac once again. And I can say that I enjoy playing Human Revolution as much as the original."
76561198054742015,Recommended,238010,9951697,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Sympathizer,"Amazing story, music and graphic, wat else can we expect more?"
,Recommended,238010,9997406,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Biggles,Good
76561198135137981,Recommended,238010,10000275,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,jthemad1,Good game worth the money and a few hours of anybody time
76561198122255575,Recommended,238010,10014455,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,dadoradeljic,"this is pure stealth game,nothing else.Shoothing is the failure everything else is rewarding."
76561198098883062,Recommended,238010,10015515,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Corndog,"Awesome game, once you get stuck into it, it's hard to come out, awesome graphics and gameplay, cool characters but the story didn't give me the pay off I would have wanted from it.But that said, sometimes a game is not about the destination but the journey, and let me just say this is one hell of a ride"
,Recommended,238010,10018793,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,CiaphasCane,"i absolubtly loved this game when i owned it on 360 and would recommend it to anyone, though make sure you have the recommended requirements, im well within the minimum and though it runs theres some serious lag"
,Recommended,238010,10069135,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,ComradeBunny,"A interesting story, simple yet dynamic gameplay, and a protagonist with the smug attitude of ""I don't give a $#@!""Deus Ex: Human Revolution is simply one of the best story-driven stories I've played since SW: KotORThe gameplay is very fluid. The sneaking has a subtle, yet, realistic charm to it.  Having multiple ways of clearing a stage/areain the game, you can get by with some creative thinking.  And with the help of your augmentations, you feel like a total OP badass.My only let down about this game is even with the DLC included in the Director's Cut, the whole story mode can be cleared anywhere from 22 to 24 hours.  So if it's your first time playing, take the time to explore and start off with a harder difficulty than normal.  Immerse yourself in Deus Ex and really get the full effect.Anyone who appreciates story, stealth, or unique FPS games will love this game.  I guarentee it."
76561198066768352,Recommended,238010,10023130,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Duod,"This game is simply amazing. The graphics arent the best, but theyre alright. The storyline is incredible and the differnt playstyles are fun.This is a game where you have to think about your choices. Almost every choice you make, will effect you later on in the game. I also like the New+ where you can play again, with the augments you already have.9.7/10"
,Recommended,238010,7568688,"Posted: 4 November, 2013",all,Smitty Werben Jaeger Man Jensen,"Plagued with bugs and a few bad decisions that the original game didn't have, unfortunately. Hopefully a patch sorts out the nonsense."
76561198069895390,Recommended,238010,10053365,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,sicknantos,"Definitely a must-play. As a Mac gamer, I've found this nothing but enjoyable. No crashes, glitches, or other results of a bad port. Just a guy with robot parts sneaking, killing, and generally smacking around everyone who stands in opposition to him. Definitely worth it."
,Recommended,238010,10053963,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,PlagueDoctor,"I'm tempted to give this a thumbs down, not because of the game itself - but because the Director's Cut is of... dubious quality.  It does improve the boss fights a little, making them a little more flexible so that you won't be torn a new ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ if you choose to make a stealthy character build.  There are also a few small graphical fixes and all the DLC content such as a mission available with pre-orders and the MissingLink chapter are included and streamlined into the game.  But bugs are bugs are bugs, and this version of the game is MUCH buggier.  Still.. it's relatively cheap and they have offered a discount for owners of the base game, and if you can forgive the fact that this version occasionally bugs out more - it's still a damned great game and it is nice to have certain features added in and to be able to play The Missing Link chapters with your character build and for experience gained there to add to that build, something that was unavailable before (Though they did give you the ability to add some augments at the beginning of Missing Link so it wouldn't be totally unfair.)  and while the Boss fights are still a low point, they are handled a little better here.It helps that the base game is superb.  While not as good as the original Deus Ex, it DID manage to capture the feel of the game and even some of its depth without dumbing it down to the level that the disappointing Invisible War did; and while Invisible War is still a decent game, Human Revolution is a much better successor and I will admit that if there is one area that Human Revolution exceeds the original is in its story, which is much more personal, and brings in some well handled philosophical elements.  I also love the games art design which is best described as a mixture of the luminous amber world and antequated but nonetheless stylish fashion of Mamoru Oshii's excellent animated film ""Innocence"" and the bleak cyberpunk hodgepodge from Ridley Scott's legendary ""Blade Runner.""  While the graphics are admittedly fairly dated, particularly in regards to some ugly as sin chararcter models and animations, it makes up for it with this attractive art design and does at least have some incredible lighting work.  The game is actually very atmospheric despite somewhat simplistic hub world design, and it's easy to get sucked in the hubs, even if the load times are a bit frequent and lengthy.  I especially love the Shanghai hub, it was my favourite hub in Deus Ex 1 as well - it appealed to me greatly because I love the idea of mixing Cyberpunk, the Shanghai Night Life, and Triads!  Can't go wrong with Triads.  Well, you could and they might mess you up... but whatever, they're still cool.The game is also fairly replayable, maybe not to the same extent as the original Deus Ex but still to an extent that many modern single player games simply don't offer.  It helps that your characters build affects the way the game plays; the game could be a tactical cover based shooter if you like.  Or it can be a Metal Gear Solid-esque stealth 'em up (My favourite route) or if you are good enough, a brutal but challenging FPS.  If you haven't played this yet - give this version a chance!  If you have played this before, really consider whether or not you feel if the more complete experience is worth some of the bugs and problems with this release.  Some people may just prefer to re-install the original edition, but others - myself included - may appreciate the more complete experience and can get over some of the oddities."
,Recommended,238010,9892657,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,lemon lime,19/10it's decent
76561198034423056,Recommended,238010,9652539,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,iGerrard8,"My favourite game I've played in my life so far. A brilliant view into what the future could look like as we pursue bolder technologies every decade. Set against a black and gold hue environment, the first/third person stealth shooter tells a rivoting story about Adam Jensen - an augmented head of security at one of the leading augment companies in the world. Not everyone can afford ""augments"" (invisibilty, x ray vision, super jump, impervious to falling injuries to name a few), and not everyone likes it and thinks it safe. So Adam must dive into the augmented world, tracking down assassins and investigating in locations around the world to uncover the truth, even about himself. A very polished game with a mesmorizing soundtrack that explores the age old debate about whether technology has a ceiling and whether the benefits outway the costs to society."
76561197961345022,Recommended,238010,9923035,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,KeefeUp,"This game grows on me the more and more I play it. I have deceided this is my definitive version of the game. I do have one gripe with this reitteration.  The transition into the expansion is totally abrupt, they take away all your gear no matter if its a new plus file or not.  I feel over powered for the ENTIRE game on new plus, except the missing link content.  It just feels rushed and  takes away from the cohesive feel the original game had."
,Not Recommended,238010,9923096,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,dyl,"This is better than the original, but is still ruined by boss fights.The new section, the missing link, isn't as tightly told as the other sections, but it adds the story. I feel the rest of the game has been tidied up, too, but I can't place my finger on the detail without going back to the original, and I'm far too lazy to do that.The basic social setting is interesting. The idea of physical augmentation to the human body is sound; indeed, I've worked on something like this myself. I'm not sure about the nazi-esque corporate ethics, but have to admit the premise is plausible: human history has a few too many examples. I must add that when I worked on the real thing, no one was kidnapped and used unwillingly in fatal experiments!Apart from error that is the bosses, the game play is good. The setting is flexible, allow many different play styles. It's free enough to all bad players like me to get past the difficult bits through judicious use of the save button and a willingness to change tactics occasionally. Except for the crap bits, the boss fights.I'm in ""Tell me a story"" mode, yet it won't. When I read a book, and come across a crap section, I simply turn to the start of the next chapter, and continue. I've bypassed the crap. I can't work out how to do the same with this game, so now I'm blocked. I beginning to think I might want my money back.I see possible solutions. The obvious one, a skip this section option in the game. I'd do that in quite a few games. Another might be to find a saved games website that have the appropriate files available for download, or Steam to introduce such a service. I'd pay a couple of euros for the appropriate save files to bypass the boss fights. In the longer term, it'd be good if games companies, when they have styles entitled ""tell me a story"", made the effort to understand what is involved in telling stories.Despite all the improvements in the director's cut, I can't recommend it. The boss fights still bork the game."
,Recommended,238010,8721727,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Shapaza,"Great game that does a fairly good job balancing stealth, action, dialogue, and character progression. Also does a nice good job of making multiple approaches viable. For example, in an early mission, you have to infiltrate a police station that's off limits to non-officers. The first time I did the mission, I sneaked into some sewers nearby and hacked a computer panel that opened a door into the station; the second time, I just walked in and did a persuasion mini-game to convince the security doorman to let me in.The level design's also pretty good and really rewards exploration. The missions are linear in the sense that you have to get from Point A to Point B, but there are multiple routes to Point B, each with computers to hack and rooms full of goodies like ammo and candy bars.However, the game does become really easy towards the end even on the highest difficulty setting, as you'll easily be able to obtain almost all the augmentation upgrades by the end of the game. As such, it starts to become less ""take the route that works for you"" and more ""take one route, then go back to explore all the others for ammo and candy bars.""Overall, pretty fun game. Also, since it's a prequel, you won't need to play the original Deus Ex to understand it."
,Recommended,238010,9763744,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Assasination,"Badass Game, much better than the original release. Better boss fights, better AI, better weapons. legit game"
76561198065315535,Recommended,238010,9823820,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,joeunfried,"I love this game's storyline, the way it plays and the way it looks! This ""Director's Cut"" addresses some valid concerns about the game's infamous ""boss fights"" (making stealth and/or hacking useful in those scenes). I particularly like the augmentation that provides more options in social interaction.I love the writing, and interactions between Jensen and other characters (Malik, Haas, Zeke, and especially Pritchard). Jensen's interactions with Sarif really *feel* like having tense conversations at work with your boss.So why am I uninstalling it, while I'm still so far from completion? Here's why1) While the game carries on the tradition of multiple solutions to problems on many levels, it doesn't seem to recognize that the save function needs to be a little friendlier to actually implement these solutions. If I come to some sort of ""fork in the road"" involving mutually exclusive choices, I want to be able to access that crossroads again to try ""the road less travelled"". Having only this year discovered new dialogue choices in Deus Ex 1, despite frequent searches for them, you can see how much that fascinates me and other DX fanatics. Unfortunately, the save function doesn't allow for the naming of save games. This makes keeping track of where to find the road left unchosen, to explore the other option, a real pain in the sack.2) Starting the game from scratch involves many scenes you can't avoid every time you restart. The most frustrating one is a walk over the factory floor with Megan that seems to take about half an hour every time you are forced to go through it --- you can't even bypass the identical conversations that she has on the way! Next time I install it, I'll be sure and keep a save near the beginning of the game when choices appear (i.e., when Jensen returns to Sarif Industries for the first time after his surgery).3) The game crashes. A LOT. It also sometimes crashes my laptop. A LOT. I'll have to try installing this on one of my older laptops, one that doesn't also hold currently critical information about my professional life. (In other words, one that wouldn't rock my world if I lost the data on it).Don't get me wrong, I still love the game and I'm sure I'll get around to starting it over and finishing it eventually. As frustrating as my objections are, I still think the game's worth playing. But I can't help but think that these frustrating problems were not unavoidable by the game designers, who (judging from the opening credits and the retooling of the boss fights, may have suffered from a case of too many cooks spoiling the broth)."
76561197993095067,Recommended,238010,9776553,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Twenty2s,"Look, I'll make this really simple. I own hundreds upon hundreds of games. Human Revolution is most definitely my favorite of the last ten years, and likely in my top three to five of all time. I just finished this game for the fourth or fifth time and I still love it as much as the first. If you enjoy stories with twists and turns, thrills, lies, and conspiracy, you absolutely cannot find a better one than this right here."
,Recommended,238010,9778616,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Nxt_Gen_Hum,The game is very very very fun.
76561198122329570,Recommended,238010,9797807,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Oreo_Blue,"Good:1. The story is great2. You can play it as you like it. Stealth or Gun Blazing, the choice is yours.3. New Game+. You can create the perfect Adam Jensen.4. Challenging achievement. Try to get the Factory Zero :DBad:1. Lack of item storage. No hoarding items. You can only keep what you can carry.2. The A.Is are not so bright.3. Lack of achievement tracker / game status page."
,Recommended,238010,10114264,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,weisslightning,"I played this when it first came out and now I'm replaying. First thing's first, it is way better than most modern games but the choice you have in the levels is stunted and the upgrades are both not as extensive as the original nor limited enough to make you focus on a build rather than a jack-of-all-trades.The writing is also hackneyed and very clearly from a right-wing, libertarian perspective with the occasional uncomfortable dose of racism. Jensen is a good protagonist but in general the game lacks the wit and perspective of the original (which, let's remember, wasn't exactly fine literature - just 'good for a videogame')"
76561198015002659,Not Recommended,238010,10164745,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Hollandera,"Great visuals, bland story,world, and gameplay"
76561198128057870,Recommended,238010,10165031,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,BitchesLoveDoubleD,gREAT Story lINE. gOOD GAME OVERALL
,Recommended,238010,10166405,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Ganso,"Deus Ex is a great game in several aspects, and not so great in others. The Director's Cut version improves that, balancing and fixing problems present in the original version.Story wise, it feels insignificant throughout most of the game, because you have the feeling that you are just a pawn, hitman, or bounty hunter. Near the end things get interesting, and you start to understand the bits from the beginning, everything connects to an interesting story, although a simple one.Gameplay is where this game shines. The game encourages the players to take the stealth approach, although it may be glitchy and unrealistic at times, it is what makes this game so fun from start to the end. The RPG elements such as skill tree, conversations and moral choices contribute to the pace, allowing you to enjoy yourself as you optimize your XP gain and take the best decisions that will reward you later in the game.Overall, recommended!"
,Recommended,238010,10009165,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,The Perfect Burger,"9/10 A fantastic gameThis game has a great pilosophy and an interesting storyThe gameplay is fun and and simple (but can get a bit repetative)The story is quite difficult, but always stays criptic, you will never know WHO is the real Antagonist (I personally think this is a great idea as different people will see different antogonists)One of the most strongest points of the game is the length (took 40 h to complete ONE playthrough, though i was achievment hunting)In terms of difficulty this game isn't very hard (some bosses can be confusing but they are easy)Keep in mind that some achievments can be bugged so you may have some frustration, especially the ones who take a whole playthrough to getBut in the end this game is great, It has an interesting story, with fun gameplay, and derpy momentsIf it's on sale GET IT (got it for 4 pounds which is ridiculously low for a  playthrough that takes 40 h)"
,Recommended,238010,10184054,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Zemoose ☆,<3
,Recommended,238010,10185175,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Le0n1d45,"Never had a chance to play the original Deus Ex, as I was in elementary school when it released, but a couple of years after Deus Ex Invisible War came out, I played through it.  To this day it still stands as one of the greatest single player games I have ever played, even surpassing the KOTOR series by a small margin.Deus Ex:  Human Revolution surpasses even Invisible War.  With a stronger emphasis on stealth and espionage, it realy feels like you are a futuristic mechanically augmented assassin detective, with nearly any weapon at your disposal -- from silenced pistols and arm-blades, to rocket launchers and chain guns.The story is potentially even better than that of Invisible War, and lets face it, Deus Ex is always heavy on the story.  Where it really excels, I think, is that the side quests that are available do a good job of uncovering the backstory of the main character and of the game as a whole, which is a detail that a lot of current RPG's fail to deliver.  It makes the side quests feel just as important as the main story line -- which makes for a much more immersive game.I would give this a 100/100.  Best single player game I have played in the past 25 years."
76561198043969508,Recommended,238010,10196317,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,felxbc,Great game !
,Recommended,238010,10199847,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,AYYMD,"great RPG, solid story and good gameplay"
,Recommended,238010,10090332,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Annie T. Mood,"Same Deus Ex: HR (as far as I know) but more Director's Cuttywith commentary, a few new ways to defeat bosses, pre-order exclusive content now available, New Game+, and the Missing Link DLC now as a part of the base game so it's required to be done.The New Game+ only carries over your placed and available Praxis Points; the rest of the items you've collected in previous playthrough(s) will have to be recollected and such."
,Recommended,238010,9320768,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Sir Loko skinhub.com,"This game is completely astonishing.Everything, from the soundtrack to the graphics, everything is beautiful. The envirorment is full of oportunities on how you want to play it, be it gunning down everyone or being a complete ghost. I totally recommend this game to everyone who is a fan of futuristic games, stealth, or a fan of great storyes. If you like those things, than is the perfect game for you."
76561198000019869,Recommended,238010,9323676,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Jaremaing,"Every game in the Deus Ex series is great, but each one has its faults. The first one (my favorite) is so open and engaging, but the clunky controls and dated graphics (even for its time) have kept many people from experiencing it to the end. The second one has good graphics and a good story, but its buggy and streamlined to the point of ludicrousness.Deus Ex: Human Revolution is probably the best game in the series, but I place it just a notch below the first one. The story is interesting, but it never reaches the suspense I felt in DX1.That being said, what a game it is! This game has probably the best cover system I've ever seen. It's so satisfying to sneak past the guards. I'm half-way through a new game plus playthrough where I'm not killing anybody or setting off any alarms, and this is truly the best way to play.The graphics are artistically astounding, but look pretty bad technically. The character models are strange and inexpressive. However, the warm golds that permeate every frame of the game distract you from the characters' tiny heads, odd faces, and huge shoulders.I love the Mass Effect games, but I felt that they could have been so much more. People praised the dialogue circle as feeling like a real conversation. But if you've ever tried to have a conversation like you do in Mass Effect (for example, abruptly changing the topic immediately instead of letting it flow naturally), people look at you funny. Here, there's so much depth, and using your augs to persuade someone feels so satisfying. In my opinion, Deus Ex: Human Revolution achieves every goal Mass Effect almost accomplished with flying colors.The sound is incredible. The soundtrack oozes atmosphere.The game is quite lengthy, and multiple playthroughs still feel rewarding.I didn't care as much for the Missing Link portion, but maybe I will when I go for completion on that, too.I recommend everyone play this. It controls as smooth as butter, so the clunky excuse won't apply to this one."
,Recommended,238010,9323935,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Frog,"Disclaimer: I'm an old Deus Ex fan. Enjoyable game, good story, follows the design of the original Deus Ex pretty closely. You can play lethal or nonviolent, stealth or combat. Good RPG elements.Downsided. Graphics are weakish although not bad. Writing (IMHO) is not as good as original game. A few good thoughts about human augmentations, but mostly superficial."
,Recommended,238010,9179872,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,cunningmunki,"A very enjoyable and addictive game, if perhaps a little derivative with not much in the way of innovation that I used to expect from this genre. It's interesting that a lot of the criticism that was originally levelled at the first Deus Ex sequel (Invisible War) could also easily be applied to HR, but wasn't. Like Invisible War, HR is essentially a slightly dumbed-down version of the first game, much bigger and shinier granted, but with most of the original's RPG elements simply reduced rather than improved or streamlined. That's not to say it still isn't head-and-shoulders above most of its peers, but when this game first came out developers were chiefly focused on the console versions rather than trying to make a ground-breaking PC game, like the original. And looking at the new version of Thief that's being made, not much has really changed (although I remain cautiously optimistic).The inclusion of end of level bosses did feel out of sync with the rest of the game, but they weren't a huge departure the original, which also contained similar bosses. Also, it amazes me that although hours and hours of dialogue must have been recorded for the NPCs, they could only come up with two or three basic animations whilst they delivered their lines! I'd rather have more convincing animation from the characters I encounter in an RPG, that actually matches the speech, rather than another bunch of minor side-quests.The Director's Cut manages to do a good job of integrating The Missing Link, although why they left in the recap cutscene is beyond me, which makes it very obvious when you jump from the original to the DLC, rather than a more seamless join they could have gone for. Other than that I can't say I noticed any other differences from when I played the original. The main difference is that I've upgraded my GPU two or three times since then ;-) The end of level bosses are supposed to have an increased variety of approaches, but none were apparent to me, it seemed like the usual hit-them-with-all-you've-got-whilst-avoiding-getting-killed, to me (apart from the System Shock 2 ending homage, which at least has a method to it)."
,Recommended,238010,9152040,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,NeonSword,If you want to play like Robocop with extra stealth action well here is it. Deus Ex: Human Revolution - Director's Cut is for you.
76561198068715248,Recommended,238010,9222608,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Proffesor Pants,I asked for this.
76561198096227442,Recommended,238010,9224287,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Walesy52,"Fantastic game, really indepth gripped me from the first moment."
76561198037500153,Recommended,238010,9215174,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Malatach,"This game is F'n great. a fps thats open world. fun side quests, so many choices in how to tackle missions, add that with badass guns and cybernectinc enhancements, throw in some fun and challenging hacking, and you got a great game."
,Recommended,238010,8820898,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Arrrne,Most awesome game I've played in a long time. The gameplay is amazing. There's always multiple ways to reach your goal and you can completely choose how you want to play this game. I really like the way the stealth part of the game works. I don't really know how it is when you play offensive. I guess awesome as well.Also: super cool upgrade system.
76561197993882506,Recommended,238010,8821921,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,mloon01,cool for sure
,Recommended,238010,8712259,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,stoffe,"Lethal? Non-Lethal? Up-close and personal? Or prefered long-range combat? This game isn't your usual FPS game. This game, however, involves tactical circumvention and creative usage of gadgets, along with careful planning and observation.A nice mix of rogue and FPS genre.C"
76561198072166278,Recommended,238010,8716413,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Lost Mercenary,"The original game was amazing enough so to see such effort made to improve upon it is incredible. All the extra features, re-designed boss fights and so much more are worth every penny. A brilliant directors cut to one of the best games of the last decade."
76561198040465110,Recommended,238010,8760950,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,atriyu27,Great game for SF fan like the world of blade runner film!
,Recommended,238010,7593064,"Posted: 7 November, 2013",all,Da Mudda Yi,EPic. No words. Click it and buy it now. 6 stars out of 5.
,Recommended,238010,8884292,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Heavily Augmented,"A game that anybody needs to play. Do you like stealth? HR has it. Want action? HR has it. Actually important RPG choices? HR has it! A truly amazing story with all sorts of conspiraciey theories with well made characters with a world that is beathing and living every second you explore it. So many ways to complete mission objectives and with lethal and non-lethal choices that stay with you. Also with the Director's Cut, the bosses are fixed so there are more than one way to kill them than just shooting them (though the final boss is still sort of crap) and also has the Missing Link DLC as part of the story with the DLC weapons too. A must buy experience for any gamer."
76561197962434195,Recommended,238010,8884443,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Punkazoid,"This is basically the ""deluxe"" version of Deus: Ex Human Revolution.  At the price, it is by far the better purchase vs the original.  It also incorporates the DLC packs ""Tong's Mission"" and the massive episode called ""The Missing Link"".  I have played it through on the hardest difficulty and it is extremely challenging first time around.   It gives a definitive Deus Ex experience with the DLC packs and The Missing Link reminded me a lot of the MJ12 facility mission from the original, which has to be one of the greatest levels in any FPS or RPG - starting with nothing and surviving 'til the end.  I would highly recommend this version of the game! A modern classic in its own right 10/10"
,Recommended,238010,8886558,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Bravefellow,After playing this a second time through (first being vanilla back at original release) I can say that this game is pretty fantastic. On second playthrough I decided to make different choices and I found that the consequences for some were very interesting to say the least. I also love the stealth aspect of this game and I thought they did a terrific job incorporating the cover system to it.tl;dr: better than vanilla /drool on stealth
76561198002686681,Recommended,238010,9159742,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Landgrave,More PC games should be like this.
,Recommended,238010,9161033,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,TiCK,"Like the other one, but this one you can avoid the bosses."
76561198023948040,Recommended,238010,9775400,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,ratified_addendum09,"I love this game, I am so addicted to it, it is really quite shameless the things left to wither on the vine in life while this game gets played over and over."
,Recommended,238010,8991567,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Awesome Applesauce,"I can't comment on many of the improvements that were made in this version because I couldn't sit through this reinvisioning of Deus Ex: Human Revolution.  I am a graphics snob and I couldn't play this version of the game because everything right down to Adam's player model was of a lesser and lower quality than in the original release.  Everything looks wrong, and there isn't any setting to revert the game back to how it looked before.  My guess is that this build of DE:HR was intended to run on Nintendos' Wii U and not a gaming PC.  I hate myself for saying this but I can't stand this improved version of one of my favorite games for literally superficial reasons."
76561198028712764,Recommended,238010,8991649,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,The derpacis herpacis,"I can't say good or bad to this really because, it is a very fun game to play, and mutiple ways to do every mission are avalible which is good for the replay factor, the main isssue i have is that the main characters is always in a monotone tough guy cliche voice and the game has a few bugs a couple of which are a little game breaking totally so until i can find a way around them, but if the game goes smoothly it is very fun."
76561198013197788,Recommended,238010,8994755,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Nada,"illuminati, trench coats, broken mirrors, need I say more?"
,Recommended,238010,8999120,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,NexusProxy,"Cyberpunk, RPG, FPS and SCIFi! Perfect! Play it!!!"
76561198095720727,Recommended,238010,8990001,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,[HldG] Eaglesfan97,"I was first introduced to the game from the popular Youtube Channel ""Game Theory"".  At first, the game looked okay, but not something that I would really enjoy.  As I was browsing through the Steam store a few days ago, I saw that Deus Ex: Human Revolution - Director's Cut was on sale for $5.  After hearing and seeing really positive reviews about the game, I decided to give it a try.The game is fantastic.  I really enjoy a lot of aspects about the game.  I really enjoy how every decision you make in the game has an outcome, whether it is good or bad.  I enjoy games that you simply follow what the creator wants, but to be able to make your own choices in the game is really fantastic.  I also like the fact that you feel as though you really are Adam (The main protagonist).  I feel like I am really going through the missions and battling as though I was really there.  Finally, I like the difficulty of the game.  For my first game, I decided to play on the Medium difficulty, and it's not a walk in the park.  The first day I got it, I played for 7 hours straight, and I got all of about 3 quests done.I would greatly recommend this game to everyone.  It's fun, addicitve, and really puts you in the hot seat to come up with a way to make it through tough and challenging missions.  My only complaint so far is that sometimes the cut scenes can be laggy, but I believe that is simply that my computer is not in the best shape to be running Deus Ex.  Other than that though, the game is amazing, and is a steal at a price tag of $5."
,Recommended,238010,9000175,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Awake2,The Perfect Blend!
,Recommended,238010,9003133,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,scope_446,"I beat this game originally back when I had an Xbox 360 a long time ago. It was amazing then and still is now, the story line is very in depth the deciscions you make actually have to be thought out and the way you do things as well (killing people not killing people, Voice interactions with others, etc.) The game can be beat 3 different times for 3 different endings, I will not spoil them but I have always loved the customization of the character and the replayability of the game. Any game I can beat and then turn aroud and want to beat it a second or third time in my book is a game worth owning. A game with great depth and story line is what i look for and this game for a single player RPG definitely delivers on that. Customizing your characters augmentations and deciding if you will play the game as a lethal player and kill everyone like a butcher or play non lethal and only kill those that HAVE to be killed is awesome. Hidden objects and items are also great and the fact I can modify my weapons on the fly and change things around is amazing. This game is at the top of my list as far as an RPG goes its not number one but its up there with Mass Effect series and Elderscrolls etc. Give it a try, you wont regret it."
76561198069873159,Recommended,238010,8986489,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,HulKiller66,"This game is a very good mix of action and RPG, I love flexibility you have to apply your style of gaming is the best i've saw in years, cause you can adapt your augmentations(skills) in game, to your style.I extremely recommend this game for all who like complex games, a empatic main character, clean graphics and great maps.In scale 0-10 I can give this game a 9, I don't give a 10 because of the movements of Adam Jensen(main character), I would like he have movements like, roll on the floor or just lying on the floor, sidejumps, front and backjumps; THE inventory, some itens you can't pile rationally, why I can pile mines and  can't granades?! This little details make some difference in game.But, still my 9.Very good game!! \,,/."
,Recommended,238010,9649115,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Warlordlono,"DX: HR is one of the few games I've played to completion multiple times.  It's absolutely fantastic. $19.99 is a great price, but $4.99 (when on sale) is just too good to pass up."
76561197972587707,Recommended,238010,7694689,"Posted: 18 November, 2013",all,topsideolive669,Brilliant game. Loved every second of it.
,Recommended,238010,9649590,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,{P.O.W}_ડ1080,I hightly recommend maxing out your pistol. It's the best secret weapon of the game that you didn't know you had!
76561198006484790,Recommended,238010,9688954,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Hey....,It's too good
,Recommended,238010,9691467,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Unidentified,"I played through it three times. Paramount art design. It also has the best background settings, being scientific and futuristic at the same time - I cannot think of anything cooler than that, especially when the designers have put in so many details and clues that are already achieved or theoretically feasible in the current R&D industry.It also does not assume childish, mutually-exclusive ""good and bad"" moral point systems (as those used in Fallout3, Dishonored, Infamous-2nd Son, etc.) that are unbearably hypocritical; yet what you choose to do actually have some influence, big and smaller ones.I can keep talking about why I love this game for hours, and explain all the hints, clues that join the futuristic story with our real world until I feel too hungry to continue without having a meal, but alas I hate typing... I admit I'm very lazy. Anyway, play through the game, and you will see what I mean all by yourself.Many years later, people would look back and realize that this game is one of the biggest milestones in the history of video games - especially how it gradually becomes a revered form of art."
76561198072944925,Recommended,238010,9646512,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Quiciuq,"Incredible. Deep, intense, engaging. Tasty piece of meat for dedicated series fans, but also great introduction for newcomers into the Deus Ex's dark and unsettling world. Masterpiece of a story, freedom of choices, multitude of possible approaches to nearly every obstacle. Icing on the top are choices based on player conscience, seemingly unaffecting gameplay, but bringing depth and life into Adam Jensen's character. Must-play for every game enthusiast."
,Recommended,238010,9679950,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,TheHazinater,though i have never gotten to the end simply because i wanted to see all the posibilities in the game. I would definatly recomend this to anyone!
76561197997237095,Recommended,238010,9680350,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Tysakasa,"Human Revolution was actually the first of the Deus Ex games that I've played. I've heard a lot of good things about the series as a whole (or at least the original and this one, Invisible War was another story) so I figured I'd give it a shot. The developers did a good job setting the tone of the game between the established world, characters and style. The golden hue the game has (prior to the Director's Cut release) gave the game a strange sense of personality, I actually like that so when I started playing the Director's Cut I was a little saddened by this missing element.The RPG elements found in Human Revolution primarily revolve around enhancing Jensen's augmentations, allow him to be stronger, faster, become invisible or even drop from the roof of a ten story building and land softly. Upgrading these augmentations come in two forms, through experience gained by doing quests, taking out enemies and by being as sneaky as possible. The second form is through Praxis kits, some of which can be found, others are rewards while some you can buy.How a player progresses through the game is up to them. The game doesn't force players into being a killing machine nor does it force stealth (however prior to the Director's Cut, the boss fights kind of pushed the straight up fight approach, but the stages were redesigned to allow more options), so you're free to choose how you want to go through the game. Players are also given the option between lethal and non-lethal. The non-lethal approach tends to be a bit more fun since just about every game out there already does lethal.The Director's Cut (which is the only version Steam offers) has some issues though, last played (by the time you read this maybe it's changed) a few graphic options didn't work as they were suppose to, Smart Glass support wasn't functioning right and I even noticed some reflection's not have their textures come up, just random patterns that looked like bad data. The developers are suppose to be working on it, but still waiting for things to get sorted. On the plus side though, The Missing Link DLC is integrated into the game for a more seamless transition, revamped the boss stages, added in a few new gadgets as well as new game plus, which was a major complaint before since you always had to invest your points in a certain fashion if you want to take advantage of certain approaches.If you were a huge fan of the original Deus Ex, you may have some complaints about Human Revolution as some aspects were removed, but that doesn't mean the game was bad, just a difference in generations, so it's still worth checking out."
,Recommended,238010,9681890,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,! Taz the Husky,Awesome
76561198043468098,Recommended,238010,9691983,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Grandmaster Jelly Savage Smegma,gud gam
76561197975247124,Recommended,238010,9787349,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Evilgoattea,"I love this game.  I love the dystopian cyberpunk genre as well (Shadowrun) This game looks great, the story is great, the combat feels really good.  There are a lot of ways to approach each situation you are faced with.  Also the boss fights have been totally fixed.  If you like any of the stuff I mentioned above you have to play this game. 10/10"
76561198043183734,Recommended,238010,9787419,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,IronBear,The best game to date became better.
,Recommended,238010,9811792,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,WaterInTheIce,"Amazing title, made in montreal too !"
,Recommended,238010,9815282,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Rico_Des_Carpates,"Excellent game, story is interesting, you can play all the way stealth, hacker or action. (I started the first half in stealth only, now I am allowing myself some shooting).IA is alright, if you don't push it.Sometimes the game feels like it is going too far to allow each gameplay style to be played without too much frustration ( e.g. there is ALWAYS airvents to allow you to bypass tough action passages, if you have a stealth oriented character).Enjoy!"
,Recommended,238010,9815994,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,<<MMS>>Marty McFlea,"While the Director's Cut adds some good content, don't let this fool you - the game is still excellent even without this content and having different ways to take on the bosses is one of the best things about it. Nevertheless, this lives up to the Deus Ex legacy, which is saying a lot because Deus Ex is probably the best game ever."
,Recommended,238010,7595454,"Posted: 7 November, 2013",all,CKing,♥♥♥♥ing unoptimized♥♥♥♥♥♥ dont buy wait for patches
76561198116142085,Recommended,238010,9536828,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,williamojackson,This is an old game but still the slickness of it will bring you back to play once more.
,Recommended,238010,9538283,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,~Vivi~,Really liked it before the directo'r's cut was released... this is probably much better. ^.^
76561198083239139,Recommended,238010,9539239,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Puepe,"One of the best games I've ever played. It has a very solid story, different types of playstyle (shooter or stealth), amazing graphics and the most important, it's really fun. You get different choices to select as weapons or augmentatios (upgrades). Snatched this game with a 75% discount but I would have paid full price for it."
76561197976774517,Recommended,238010,9650182,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,dylansdad1,"A good game, but if you're a fan of the original, or other deeply immersive first person games you will be disappointed, as was I. The experience system in this game is broken. You're forced to play their way or forfeit XP. You gain heaps more for an extravagant,, third person,, immersion destroying, cinematic cut scene takedown, that drains a whole battery ( that takes forfukin' ever to recharge,even when you pumped 'praxis' into 'recharge') than any other way. If you're a stealth, sniper, shooty type person, this game would suck 'cause you'd get f.a. XP. & stealth, what a joke, press E to jarringly shift to third person against a wall. box, crate, whatever,, & you can magically skope the whole scene,,, all immersion lost. If I  wanted to play a wall hugging, 3rd person shooter I'd frickin' play Gears of War but I prefer the immersion of FPS(stealth/shooter/RPG elements ala STALKER, Metro, Deus Ex, Escape from Wolfenstein, ) where determining the enemie's location goes cat vs mouse, listening for footsteps, peeking round corners, boxes, boulders, catching a glimpse of a guard as he walks away, ducking to the next bit of cover as he walks around the corner, praying the guy over to the left didn't see you,, tension. That turns into tedium in this game. Especially on 'Give me Deus Ex' difficulty. It is the worst implemented difficulty spike in known history. From being a badass, you become dependant on protein bars, cause they're the only thing that recharges your batteries,,,because,,,,, then the items you were throwing away to make room for that shiny shooter before, suddenly become smack & you'ld give a stranger a blow,,,,,,  I've spent 140 hours, the last 40 on hard were horrible. On lesser difficulties it's kinda fun, although canned takedowns & other 3rd person interuptions get real old real fast.. Hanging out for the new Deus Ex mod out in May, go dudes."
,Not Recommended,238010,9650544,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Wolf,Had high expectatiosn of this game but it let me down. It's not terrible but it's just oddly put together. It's kind of a second rate mass effect system. The cover system is silly it could be much better but you are forced to use directional keys to break cover and are unable to aim while in cover?You expect it to be free flowing and smooth but it's clunky and heavy. You do not feel like a bionic man you feel like a random dude with some odd abilities and nothing cool like crysis just some random cloak and slow movment. The combat is nothing special either just point and click. Its more focused on the story than anything else which is what saves the game from being terrible.Overall this game definatley doesn't live up to its standards. It disappointed in many ways. I would give it a 5/10
,Recommended,238010,9313997,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Posthaste,I very easy 4/5 for me. It has the repaly vaule in terms of achivements or test your sneakyness.
,Recommended,238010,9317723,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Mr Pink,"Absolutely brilliant! not as good as the first but still going to be an all time great for me. Amazing storyline and decent playstyles, 10/10 must buy ( own on PC, Gaybox and PS3 )"
,Recommended,238010,7500046,"Posted: 27 October, 2013",all,Infernal Machine ☠,"The definitive version of an already great game. I beat this game once when it came out in 2011 and it was great back then, but now, the game has been improved and is even better. The boss battles were pretty much the only glaring flaw of the original game. In this version, they have been corrected, and are fully beatable using stealth oriented characters. Also, the DLC has been integrated seamlessly into the game as well, like it was meant to be. The graphics are slightly better too, not by much though, (Mostly lighting) but it does run smoother, as well as have slightly better AI. If you own the original game and the Missing Link DLC, the game is only a $5 upgrade. I think it is a great excuse to replay the game again, and at $5 I can't not recommend it."
,Recommended,238010,9296647,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,lukaslew,"The epic storyThe epic musicThe epic main characterSimply, the epic game ;)"
76561198046985504,Recommended,238010,9297450,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,nfi,10/10One of the best games ive ever played.
76561198067516329,Recommended,238010,9248799,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Blinded Mongoose,"Matches up to my memories of the original 'Deus Ex', which is no small feat. Brilliant game, but my one complaint, and I never thought I would level this at a game in my life, is that it is a little bit too long. By the time you near the game's conclusions, it begins to feel a little bit too like a chore, and the scenarios and challenges you are presented with get a little stale towards the end: even on the hardest difficulty setting.But don't let that put you off. This is stellar stuff and deserves a purchase."
,Not Recommended,238010,8967854,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,dysamoria,"The art of this game, meaning the story, voice actors, music, designs, concepts, ideas, gameplay devices etc, are all excellent. Fantastic, actually. However, the Director's Cut has a large number of technical problems. There are many bugs and other defects that had already been solved in the original release which are here again in the Director's Cut. If you are thinking of buying this game because it's a great deal, consider the complaints at the Eidos Montreal user forum:http://forums.eidosgames.com/showthread.php?t=140084There are problems like bad/jerky framerates, shader and lighting defects, bugs with the non-lethal weapons killing targets, and so on. The game could be a fantastic piece of entertainment, and it does still somewhat shine through despite these defects, but you should be sure about what you're getting into.i want to LOVE this game, but i keep stopping my play due to the horrible framerate and some really ugly shader/lighting issues, hoping that Eidos will fix these and i can finish playing with a fully working game engine. If you like to play with a lot of action and gunplay, the framerate will annoy you and there's nothing you can do to fix it. If you want to play in ""non-lethal"" mode to get the ""pacifist"" award, good luck because the non-lethal weapons are randomly killing targets. So far, they've released one patch that has not addressed any of these issues and they are currently dead silent about their plans. Assume that there will be no updates. If you buy the game, like it for what it is, which is less than what the original game was, because these bugs were mostly fixed in the original edition. The Director's Cut was a different code base, ported back from the Nintendo Wii (?), not the robust PC codebase that was bug fixed.If they fix this stuff, i will come back and change my recommendation (if Steam allows this). For now, i have to give it a reluctant thumbs down."
,Recommended,238010,8968404,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,I'm oppressed.,"This is like Johnny Mnemonic in an even further away future from now. I am sure maybe 3 of you, at most, will get my reference. When the original came out, there really wasn't anything to top it for quite awhile. Now the story and way interactions worked, made me feel like I was using the force, and was some thing almost like the The old Xbox star wars ""rpg.""  No matter how you cut the cheese, this one is silent and the only thing deadly about it is the way it addicts you. Like meth and as you can see I kicked the habit pretty quick. I am recommending the game, only since there is no option to have a iffy thumb. I don't think it should be overlooked because of lame reviews. Its just that, Saint's Row IV is so much more ♥♥♥♥♥ing  awesome that I can't currently put it down."
,Recommended,238010,8970154,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,BOBdotEXE,"Story's like someting out of an episode of ghost in the shell (mmm, maybe season 2 of sac.. lol?)The game play's like a mix of splintercell (newer ones) mixed with metal gear.You can go speaky or run in guns blazing(boring).there are boss battels, and you get a non-leathal option for most encounters.and a choice system that goes far beyond just 'kill the guy or let him live'you can actally talk your way out of a fight (on a few occations)it's not a perfect game, the stealth is a bit weak at times,and the AI is not very good.but the experence of the game is something you will not find in many others."
,Recommended,238010,8970730,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,LA FLAME,"haha finished it on 360 version so many times but playing the directors cut, u can really see improvements to a game that was already perfect."
,Recommended,238010,8973578,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Yoker,"Fantastic version of a fantastic game from a fantastic series. All the changes are seemlessly imlemented, graphics are better, and run faster. Definitly worth it."
76561198119124106,Recommended,238010,8973664,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,quantomzone89,"Boring!There is nothing fun that i can find in this game, it take only a seconds for me to figure it out,that its lack of plot, its developing too slow, a bedtime story that i dont want to know which i cant skipped it, upgrading a few stuff which take its time, where i need to collect thus stuff. Plot score: 3/5The graphic is low, for some reason my guys look like cubic to me. Grafix:2/5The things that they offer me is real, i can hack, i can do some other unimportant stuff such as doing side quest, to gain some point of xp and rewards whatever, weopen not so ""future"", still i can kill people stealthy which i found kick♥♥♥♥♥ Fun: 1/5What i love about this game is that you can explore the world around you, the tactical , startegy, as if it was indeed a real life person would do, yet, that is what boring me. Realism: 4/5Overall, its fun for who like to play RPG mixed with action and full with developing plot that will fanasacting you later; after playing it for hours and hours just only to figure out what is going on, also, upgrading into powerfull character, its time- consuming but worth it, and the choiche making that will confusing the newbie player. Then, this game is for you. Overall: 4/5"
,Recommended,238010,8936691,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,◕‿◕ZισΣvιl♂,"Best Story.Best Graphics.Best Gameplay.This game is perfect, Adam Jensen Kick♥♥♥♥♥Replayable at the 200%, totally free, you can choose any time wich approach to use.To have in the library!"
,Recommended,238010,8936880,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,[ᎵƦƈ$] Noobtber,"I have an unhealthy attachment to this game. It is, without a doubt, a very versitile game that has tons of replay value. The integration with all the DLC is very well done."
76561198005444322,Recommended,238010,10510327,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,SilentDan,Very good gameplay.  Interactive world.  Can be a bit long at times.
76561198038745178,Recommended,238010,10649329,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,MONKEYBOY,A great game for those who dont just want to run shoot run shoot ect. The stealth and r.p.g. elements make this one a great game!
76561197982386115,Recommended,238010,10663882,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Alie,"I adore this game. Does it flaws, sure. However, it has great story and atmosphere. There is a wonderful darkness and grittiness to the city hubs and the missions, I have done many play throughs and they are always fun."
,Recommended,238010,10433631,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Blackstar,Best game.
76561198029213378,Recommended,238010,10488222,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,irvinejt93,"Well, seeing as how this is the only version currently available on Steam, I can't really nitpick too much, but if you're one of the people who bought DXHR when it first came out, I'd say DC is only marginally worth it. It's the classic DLC hook, make a game, cut bits out and expect people to buy them later. New Game+ should have been part of the game from the start, and the added missions are pretty important to the storyline. Was it worth the ten bucks? I guess so. Overall the game is fun, the ending was a classic deus ex machina, so don't expect much of a finish.I liked it though. Good game. Go on, buy it."
76561198053535508,Recommended,238010,10578377,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Phiil,"Bought in a sale,One of the most in-depth FPS i've ever played, very immersing,constantly enjoyable, optional stealth or massacre through every missiondirectors cut offered a huge depth to the game when option is turned onfresh and exciting feel to it10/10"
,Recommended,238010,10141228,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,härjaren,"I prefer the visuals and artstyle of the original. This release comes with some framerate droppage. Still interesting, but the original flows much better imo."
,Recommended,238010,10141331,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Takaiiro,"Such an amazing game, it's well worth it. There is so much to do and see, I feel I've barely scratched the surface with 3 playthroughs."
,Recommended,238010,8954301,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Eunu,"Stealth, exploration, and melee takedowns are generously rewarded. Exploration also reveals the kind of environmental layering seen in Blade Runner, which this game echoes without being derivative.Other highlights: engaging, credible story; opportunity for challenging non-lethal gameplay (with a few story-determined exceptions); problem solving with lots of right answers.Enjoyed the original on console so much I bought the Director's Cut, making this my third playthrough.It's on sale today (edit: 5/16/2014) and is an easy recommendation."
,Recommended,238010,10142258,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Expoded,"This game needed one more thing, publicity. It is an amazing game with beautiful graphics, wonderful story, and replay value out the wazoo.10/10BUY IT!"
76561198018495105,Recommended,238010,10143165,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Stephen Hawking's Wheelchair,"Perhaps one of the best games I have ever played, not only for the gameplay, but for the exceptional story. I found myself amazed at all the little details and touches that were put into this game. The ending left me speechless as I watched the credits, mouth agape. 10/10"
76561198026210546,Recommended,238010,10143825,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,phlaurin,"An immersive experience in a near dystopic future, where morality is ambiguous and the player must take important decisions. Deux Ex : Human Relolutions is the best PFS of 2011, now with a new chapter. Deserves being played."
,Recommended,238010,10143956,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,-PtK-lol1759,"Super fun to play. A bit buggy in the begining for me, but it ironed itself out in the end.I cant say I was too happy with the choices I was given in the end. But its fine in the end."
,Recommended,238010,10144658,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,NinjaSnarl,"So here's the deal: I'm a stickler for the original Deus Ex, and Human Revolution is simply not as good as the original in many ways.  The story here is passable, but doesn't come close to the original.  Additionally, the ""variable"" approaches in Human Revolution are, very frequently, just a matter of being able to unlock a door or take a short vent trip instead of always shooting your way in; compared to the original, where there are big secret sections you may not even HEAR about if you aren't attentive, HR falls pretty short.However, that's all pretty okay, especially in the Director's Cut, which pretty much everybody should get.  Sure, HR isn't as good as the original in many ways, but it's definitely a great game on its own, especially now that the boss fights have been altered to something other than completely idiotic (like the original version of HR) and the DLC missions have been properly inserted into the game rather than being standalone.Basically, the only reason to not get this, especially on sale, is if you plain just don't like FPS games in any shape or form.  Otherwise, just about anybody should be able to get more than their money's worth here."
76561198123579805,Recommended,238010,10146578,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,NerdgamerDave,"I have loved Cyberpunk since the early 90's.  Whether it's William Gibson novels or Ghost In The Shell anime, stories about man/machine interfaces and cyberware get me excited.  I enjoy this game for the visuals and story more than the FPS experience.  If you like cyberpunk, cybernoir and all associated stuff, I recommend it"
,Recommended,238010,10147375,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,ndl,One of my favorite games ever. Buy it now!!!
76561197991087583,Recommended,238010,9277050,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,эGü- Killer9e6,I killed every Police officer in Detroit with a dumpster and danced on top of their bodies whilist civilians watched in horror.10/10
,Recommended,238010,9283995,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,brookzy31,"I paid £60 for this on PS3 & had to endure p!ss poor textures, framerates & bloody screen tearing, so when this appeared on Steam for a fiver, i thought i'd take a punt. Glad i did tbh, it's everything the PS3 version is not, proper HD textures, high framerates & NO screen tearing !!!Rant over.story & gameplay is first rate with very good upgrade system which makes you want to keep getting more points to see the next upgrade. There's multiple endings so the replay value is if you're so inclined.After using a control pad for about 17 years, this is the game i used to 'get used' to using keyboard & mouse. Wish i'd 'converted' earlier!!All in all, the Director's cut is THE definitive version of this title & i'd highly recommend you try it out."
,Recommended,238010,9254070,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Zkkaluza,"This game is very much what you make of it. Perhaps some will get more from it than others, but I enjoyed it thoroughly."
76561198027846336,Recommended,238010,7631268,"Posted: 11 November, 2013",all,kalfear,Amazing GameEasily has the BEST end game content ever seen in games (my opinion).Love the sneaking around and figuring out best tactics to use and whereLittle disappointed with the addition of the DLC contentLoved the story line and DLC insertion into main game was what I wished I could do originally but still didnt like not having all my main game powers that I had purchased  prior to DLC part.Still was nice to play it all through and not have the DLC as stand alone and seperate.Absolutely love this gameHavent tried going hard mode yet so that will be up next after a break for title for abit
,Recommended,238010,9358145,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Bees?,shot a guy in the foot he died and messed up my pacifist run. 99/5 will buy again
,Recommended,238010,9142234,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Uncreative,"An amazing game, if not an RPG like Deus Ex One. I went into this game with a few hours of DX1, and rumors of DX:IW, so I wasn't really familliar with this series, but after playing this, I immediately wanted to play DX1. A full playthrough.I digress. This game is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing. The sheer possibillities of finishing one task, let alone the whole game, the freedom of Praxis points, the chaos system where you can just whip out a gun and cap a futhamucka, this game was amazing in almost all ways possible.The game started to lose me at the end, what with the story and all, the side quests get tedious (what little of them there are), and FFS DON'T EVER RUN OUT OF AMMO. EVER. But overall, it's a great game.NOW BUY ME DX1"
,Recommended,238010,9144195,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,qwerty,Cause I said so...
,Recommended,238010,9144214,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Fantastic Mr Flint,"I suppose comparing this to the original release doesn't really matter because I can't even see the original release for sale anymore, but this is basically the full Human Revolution experience - in good and bad. The original game is as brilliant as it always was, the small changes added to the boss fights nicely add a little bit more leeway and tactics for anyone who isn't interested in just shooting things up, and all the DLC is included. Including The Missing Link, which is a fine piece of content but always felt a bit extraneous and the welding between it and the original is rather awkward - unlike all the other DLC which feels like it could have been in the game to begin with, Missing Link feels like a tacked-on extra part now clumsily added to the main story. But that's only a minor complaint - we're still talking about one of the greatest games of the past few years here."
,Recommended,238010,9359872,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,large interior noxious e-vapor,this is one of my favorite games
76561198116374878,Not Recommended,238010,9367968,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,briwik,"At full price not worth the purchase, but at a disount might be worth it.Negatives:-your futuristic character can only run for 3 seconds before losing all stamina-there is plenty of backtracking on levels, which is worse since you can barely run-story drags on and on-you can only do about 2 stealth kills a minute before you need to 'recharge' so get ready to wait a lot between killsPostives:-Long game-Plenty of reading material if you are into that stuff-Story has twists and turns-Fun to upgrade your character skills"
,Recommended,238010,9374296,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Evanextreme,Brilliant game.  I highly recomend getting this version over the original. It fixed all my gripes with the bosses.
,Recommended,238010,9262234,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Flaccid Rain,Absolutely FantasticSecond favorite game next to Fallout 3
,Recommended,238010,9337784,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,mcdonalds crytyping,"I never asked for this, but plenty of other people did."
,Recommended,238010,8963245,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,~|Chopper|~,THIS IS THE BEST FUTURISTIC GAME I HAVE EVER PLAYED!!! AWESOME!!!
,Recommended,238010,8964532,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,tk-337,"I highly recommend this game. It lets you choose how you approach the situation. Want to go sneaking around clueless guards without anyone knowing you're there? Or do you prefer to go in guns-a-blazin' with your exploding revolver and fully-modded machine pistol (seriously, both of these are freaking beasts in this game)? I also like cyborgs, science fiction, being sneaky (even though I suck at it), and first-person-shooters, so this game was right up my alley. My only complaints so far, being maybe a quarter of the way through, are the long, unskippable cutscenes like the one at the beggining of the game where all you can do is turn your head around, and the inventory system. I realize that I couldn't carry half that amount in real life, but it's still not fun to have to sacrifice your rocket launcher, crossbow, and sniper rifle just to keep my ammunition (I have later learned thatthe sniper rifle sucks, the crossbow is unnecessary, and you can get a bosslike upgrade for the revolver that renders the rocket launcher obsolete). Despite these two annoying features, this is still an excellent game that features epic weapons that can be upgraded into even more epic guns, has a Darth Vadery main character who is a cyborg, and, like many great games such as Earthbound and probably Zelda, lets you dig around in trash cans! 9.5/10"
76561197960584200,Recommended,238010,8965874,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,AssoFohdz,"This game absolutely rocks! Still on my first playthrough and im amazed at how many hours there are in the game. With all the augmentation mods available, there are many ways to complete the game. I can recommend this to anyone that likes sci-fi, splinter cell or any combination of the two."
,Not Recommended,238010,9010737,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Chief Morale Officer 道徳の長,"So slow, terrible combat and awful stealth, so far I like the story, but it's getting to the point where I can't justify continuing just because it's interresting"
,Recommended,238010,9012849,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Fuzzy,"I would still (after all this time) rate the first Deus Ex as my favourite game of all time.This take on the universe did it an immense amount of justice!  I'm not usually a fan of cover systems but I found that in this game it complimented the stealth element of the gameplay well.  This has to go down in my list of favourite all time games.  It wasn't perfect, but I am eagerly looking forwards to the next one!The Director's Cut does go a little way to fixing the little shortcomings - like the tweaked boss battles.  Although they removed the goldish tint that was in the original edition - which I personally quite liked, although I am aware that a lot of people didn't.  Shame they didn't just add a toggle to the menu!  Other than that, awesome. :)"
,Recommended,238010,9042970,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,R4mzy,"Deus Ex: Human Revolution was an unexpected pleasure for me. I didn't play the original Deus Ex games, though they'd always been intriguing to me, and I gave Human Revolution a miss on release because I was wary of all the brouhaha surrounding the boss fights. Then along came the Steam Holiday Sale of '13, and the next thing I knew Human Revolution's Director's Cut, with it's ""new and improved Boss Fights"" and included DLC, had snuck through a credit vent into my library. I fired it up, and what followed was some 80 hours of brilliantly engrossing stealth and exploration, cloaked in a plot of revenge, global conspiracy, and a spectrum of ethically grey corporate interests. And Adam Jensen, one of the coolest protagonists I can recall.Human Revolution shines as a stealth game, but tends to fall a little flat in the action and shooter departments. That is, the game just doesn't feel like it's open to being played as an gun-toting action romp. The controls come off as too stiff for the quick play needed to be really satisfying for good gunplay. They work well for the slow, methodical stealth movements that made up the majority of my playing though, so that was alright.Choice is a high point for Human Revolution. There are almost always multiple pathways through a level to an objective, and in the rare case where there aren't, the abilities and skills you gain by upgrading Jensen's ""augmentations,"" the game's role-playing system, will typically open up some alternative path or otherwise provide some other, less obvious means to progress. The levels are also filled with with little nooks and crannies to explore, with plenty lore and story tidbits to discover as well as secret pathways and locations to root out. Added to that, there are often multiple ways to complete most objectives too, be that through dialogue, force, stealth, or something else. You also get to ""choose"" aspects of Jensen's character and indirectly affect the world through the actions you take, such as whether you choose to go guns-blazing, silent and lethal, or silent and non-lethal, which changes how NPCs react to and interact with you.That said, during some cut-scenes and unavoidable dialogue it can feel like some of the player's agency is removed and choice isn't available, which can be jarring at times.Overall, I highly recommend the Director's Cut of Deus Ex: Human Revolution to anyone looking for a very solid stealth game set in an intriguing and nigh-believable future world of corporate espionage and human enhancement.8.5/10Pro's: great stealth gameplay; excellent level design with lots to explore; choices everywhere; lengthy campaign; Adam Jensen is a badassCon's: ""stiff"" controls don't work well for gunplay; some pointless augmentations; some annoying backtracking through levels; cut-scenes remove player agency"
,Recommended,238010,9043080,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Furious_Harpo,This game is rad.
76561198087775875,Recommended,238010,9043707,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,SailorMarsNA,"Deus Ex: Human Revolution is stunning. Despite some graphical issues like low resolution textures and some animation, it still looks nice. The levels offer lots of possibilities to complete the mission. It is even possible to complete a level without killing someone or triggering the alarm.The game offers lots of details. For example: You can read e-mails. (the only thing you have to do is enter the password or hack the computer). Those offer you small additional information about the story, give you access codes or password and many more.In the Director's Cut, the developer have massively improved the boss encounters. They still have to be killed but you can activate some turrets witch will kill them for you.If you already have the original Human Revolution, the extra things you will get are: The Missing Link (former DLC), every extra from the Augmented Edition (except for the concept arts) and the already mentioned improved boss encounters."
76561198007375223,Recommended,238010,9046747,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,XDorian,"For 4,95 euros i got this game i cant really complain. I ve got nearly 100 hours playing it, gameplay and story were really good to keep me going. But when a company releases a Director's cut versions they ought to check any possible bugs first. With all drivers on XP SP3 up to date I had so many crashes, i couldnt even save after the final Elisa guidance in the end -the game crashed instead of save. Also, while i NEVER killed anyone, direct or indirect i was not awarded the Pacifist trophy and i was playing the game in the exact way needed to get it.This game is for anyone that really loves stealth games while being ok as a shooter too. This game is also highly recomended to anyone that values story as an importand element of the game, or wants to make tought choices and face theirconsequences. However, the ""Missing Link"" add-on is annoying gameplay-wise and stops the player's pace, sadly it can not be avoided.This is a 7,5+ game, the least i can give to a superb game due to the problems i faced. Any other way i could have given it a 9 - 9.5 easily.This game is recommended."
76561198093279868,Recommended,238010,9032799,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,FlanYolo,"Only needed one fix and the game ran with no issues on my GT 740m. Great game, with a great story, which rewards stealth and thinking outside the box. Also looks and sounds great, very bladerunner esque!"
,Recommended,238010,9033747,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Unknown_user,A vast improvement over the original especially with the boss fights. your stealth/hacker character is perfectly viable now.
76561198028209057,Recommended,238010,9034867,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,a murloc,Extremely fun game. Slightly hard to get used to the combat but it is very fun. The story is almost as good as the Bioshock games but not similar at all.
,Recommended,238010,9024581,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Bahamut Prime,Is that some ammo? Let me just peek two inches to the left here and--OH ♥♥♥♥ I'M DEAD.
76561198089937720,Recommended,238010,9031978,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Bretfast,One of my favourite games. Played the normal game on Xbox 360 but the Director's Cut on the PC is brilliant!
,Recommended,238010,8866037,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,HUG✿LIFE,yuss
,Recommended,238010,7612215,"Posted: 9 November, 2013",all,Gilded Phoenix,"Updated AI, graphics, and boss fights, as well as some quality-of-life improvements make this the definitive edition of Deus Ex: Human Revolution. There's a pretty good conversation engine here too, especially if you unlock the speech augment."
,Recommended,238010,8895795,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,PumpkinDood,"This game is a beautiful piece of cyberpunk, bladerunner, robocop (kind of) goodness. The game takes you not just through an amazing story but instead puts you in the middle of the story demanding you to make the hard choices because it wants to immerse you even more into it's interesting and in depth world. this game is definetly one of the best I have played in a while- I'm Conor Fitzsimmons and I did actually ask for this.... hehe"
,Recommended,238010,8899491,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Pariah Silver,"Of all the franchises that I never seem to get tired of, Deus Ex stands as one of the most prominent. Although I'm far more a fan of nano-augmentation that mechanical, Human Revolution is a powerful entry to the series. It doesn't have the overt silly aspects that can be found in some parts of the original game, and takes its philosophy much more seriously, but it is in every way a Deus Ex game.Handle nearly every situation you come across in any way you choose. Want to shoot everyone? Have at it. Blow them all up? Go crazy. Hack through their computers and take control of their own toys? All yours. Make it from one end of an enemy base to the other, and back again, maybe do a few loops for good measure, and never be seen? All in a day's work."
,Recommended,238010,8792250,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,uhDOS,One of my all time favorite games
,Recommended,238010,8703751,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,.sandrio,THIS IS A SOLO SNEAKING MISSION
76561198019975866,Recommended,238010,7573367,"Posted: 5 November, 2013",all,Trevs987,"considering the original product wasn't broken at all this one pretty much improves just the only thing that really irritated people and that was the boss battles. Instead of being forced, this one gives you multiple choices upon each encounter which is good but really didn't need a whole new game for in my view. This game also gives you developer commentary and  the DLC where you rescue Tong's Son and The Missing Link which is about 6 hours of extra content right there.This was a surprise game for me back in late 2011 and am just glad that now a ""directors cut"" is here to enhance that experience."
,Recommended,238010,7758380,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,galeforce,"A nice upgrade from the already clean, cutting-edge, and sophisticated game Deus Ex: Human Revolution was. This game adds (in my opinion) unoticeable colour changes, new features, the DLC if not previously bought, improved boss fights, and some other tweaks.Nice games, and since the normal version is no longer available to purchase on steam, I highly reccommend for anyone to buy and try this awesome game out."
,Recommended,238010,7577500,"Posted: 5 November, 2013",all,Pyros,"Great stealth game, plays like Metal Gear Solid with super powers.This version include the original game and all DLCs, and the notorious boss fights have been reworked to be more approchable for who prefers stealth and hacking rather than frontal assaults.After playing it once, I recommend you play it again with the commentary enabled - you will find out about very funny and interesting bits about game design. Entertaining and educational at the same time."
,Recommended,238010,7467231,"Posted: 24 October, 2013",all,sate,"if you already got Deus Ex HR and play through it, Director's Cut probably don't have enough new content to satisfy you.if you didn't play Deus Ex HR before, ♥♥♥♥ING GET IT NOW!!!!!"
,Recommended,238010,7780087,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,monkeymanfx,"New boss fight mechanics that do not require you to go toe to toe with all bosses. The two DLCs are still a little disjointed, but fit in better now. For a first time player of DE:HR this is the version to get."
,Recommended,238010,7604354,"Posted: 8 November, 2013",all,DiamondMX,"Despite some flaws, and technical problems, this is good value and worth getting for people who liked the base game.Directors Cut: The improvements to boss fights and New Game+ are worth it to strong fans of the DXHR core game.Missing Link: This extra story is more of the same you'd find in DXHR. Except the better boss fight, nothing too surprising here.Misc DLC: Meh, none of this really adds to the game."
76561198063097222,Recommended,238010,16999902,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Mr.Rogers,"I love this game for many different reasons, the complex story, the fun and difficult combat, and the awesome augments. My favorite part is the endings. Now, I won't spoil anything but here it goes. The endings of most games with choices are usually a good ending, and a bad ending. In this game, the endings aren't like that, they make you think about YOUR point of view, and what you think is best. There is no ""best"" ending, it's all what you think."
76561198128085739,Recommended,238010,17039378,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Squidasaurus Rex,Whoever said that this version sucked it didn't. Yeah there is a small bug (its the side quest cloaks and daggers) Its just one little bug is all. Besides that I played the crap out of this game on PS3 and I had a blast on it. I'm speechless when it comes to a game like this. All I have to say is that this game is a MASTERPIECE!!! I RECOMMAND the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of this game. 10/10
,Recommended,238010,17050566,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Fiswiz,Impressive piece of game. If u like cyberpunk style this is very good choice. Around 28 hours of gameplay.  Stelth or hack or rambo style choice is yours. Very detailed speakings of all characters makes complex look on game. Various ways to reach goal also makes game better.
76561197977881160,Recommended,238010,12111862,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Brodo Swaggins,"I don't know what happened, but after having been unable to play this version of the game due to constant performance issues and bugs, I finally completed it yesterday, and have been awash in all the feels.First, I'm still frustrated that it took so long - I don't know what changed, if a patch came out stealthily, or if my computer simply decided to buck up all of a sudden, but the fact that upon release, this was buggier than the original version is inexcusable for a publisher as high-profile as Eidos.On the other hand, I've sunk more hours into this game (orignal, DLC, and Director's Cut) than Dark Souls 1&2 combined. Which is a lot. I loved the music, the stealth, the writing, the voice acting, the sheer world-building and sense of scale to the game's narrative - all in all, it seemed like a complete package, and a worthy successor to Deus Ex, on of my favorite games of all time.This edition changed that perspective. I never cared much about the boss fights, which were the big bugaboo for most people. What bothered me - and I didn't truly realize it until I listed to the DC's commentary - was the sense that much of the story was actually left out of the game.It's notwhere near as bad as Eidos' reboot of Thief (which was a frankenstein of 9 drafts patched together without rhyme or reason), but upon hearing how much of this game was left out - from the dev's own lips - I began to feel both cheated and vindicated. The lingering sense that I had somehow missed a key part of the story was laid to rest. I had indeed missed things - because they hadn't made it into the final game.The backstory of the game's bosses? Cut. The relationship between the villains, the Illuminati, the power players, the opening raid? Stripped to the absolute minimum, which I totally missed the first time around. The lack of resolution to the primary story arc (the search for Megan)? The devs simply didn't resolve it, because they didn't have time. The botched ""press-a-button"" ending? Also, by the dev's own admission, not as they originally planned.Upon playing through for the third time, I ached at the thought of exploring upper Hengsha, Bangalore, and Montreal. Not because those places sounded great, but because they seemed to be, from the commentary, the places where all the plot-holes were filled.So, upon my final completion of the game, I feel both immeasurably satisfied and inexplicably cheated. This game, even with its current high level of quality, could have been so much more - and indeed was supposed to be.This is all to say that II'm thrilled for the sequel, Makind Divided. If Human Revolution is the result of budget cuts and time crunch, I cannot WAIT to see what this team does now that it has access to new resources. Hopefully we'll get the game that Human Revolution should have been - and was supposed to be - from the start."
,Recommended,238010,17054471,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Just Sad,Rather than add a way to sneak around boss fights entirely they have instead added hidden areas within the boss fights themselves that should be more than enough to take the boss down with.
,Recommended,238010,17062104,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Xx_YoloMcSwaggins_xX,"This is a great game, great story, great gameplay. This is one of my favorites!"
,Recommended,238010,17068318,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,gilburtgtr,"My favourite game of the previous console generation, the Director's Cut of Human Revolution brings this fantastic single-player experience to PC. Augmentations are effortlessly cool, the story and setting are both fantastic in my opinion. A little bit linear in parts, but the way the game gives you the option to go about playing stealthily, or with head-on action at will is one of the aspects that I enjoyed the most.This game may have rescued the cyberpunk genre, and it introduced me to the world of Deus Ex of which I am now a huge fan. Definitely recommended.N.B. No spoilers, but buy the electricity resistance upgrade. You'll thank me later."
76561198051308780,Recommended,238010,17072565,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,bt331,"Love this game!Storyline is awesome and engaging.  It's something that could very well be a reality for humankind in RL within a few generations, so you have to wonder if our world could become like this.  Gameplay is great with fun minigames, open ended quests and multiple endings to the game.  Sound and Music are very nice, and even the voice acting.  Top notch game!"
76561198082133339,Recommended,238010,17083821,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Blackstar,"One of my favourite RPGs of al time. Even if you do't like RPGs, you hould give thsi game a chance, because it mixes the RPG elements perfctly with the action. Go in loud, or stealthy, you can choose how you want to play. The graphics may not be the best, but it is damn fun and has a good story. 9/10"
76561198073246110,Recommended,238010,17019035,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Themostdead,"This game really surprised me, bought this on sale about 8 months ago and it was totally worth it!.I really enjoyed the game and it's style,You can complete the mission the way you want.The soundtrack is AMAZING!!the plot/story is pretty confusing but is really intrestingThe diffeculty is very good, it's hard at points but not to easy aswellso i recommend this game! ( best pun incoming)I REALLY ASKED FOR THIS"
,Recommended,238010,17090941,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,cowll悲しい,>Jumps off from 3 floors like it was nothing>Walks infront of a hooker>knock her out>knock her friend out>Gangsta boy insults me>knock him out>goes to my apartment>changed my mind>shots gangsta into the head>finnaly goes to my apartment>played the game>enjoyed it 10/10This game gave me chills that I never felt before for a long time. It can be hard to those who play run and gun FPS cause this game is punishing. It gives you a freedom on how to deal with things that way you want it.
76561198040586410,Recommended,238010,17093157,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Radiospaceman,"Deus Ex: HR was an excellent game. I spent myriad hours on it with my xbox before I got it on the pc, and still put in (and will continue to) more hours. The graphics are stunning, and I was pleasently surprised with how the world levels was incorporated; both in how they were designed and integrated and as well as the unique setting. Fantastic storyline, pleasing dialogue, and intense action were some of the positive characteristics. Although, in regards to the fighting, it was sometimes very difficult to find ammo and it took a bit to get used to how they incorporated the ""shooter"" aspect. All in all, Deus Ex: HR would definitely be in my top ten games."
76561198078765230,Recommended,238010,17070589,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Paddu,Adam Jenson is just Batman if his parents hadn't died.
,Recommended,238010,17293215,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,King Vegeta,The game is a good remastery of the original with including all DLC content as well as adding NG+ & remastering the boss fights to be more than just you in a small room fighting for your life.  You should pick this up if you haven't played the original for sure.  Even if you did play the original this is the better version & worth playing through again.
,Recommended,238010,8568977,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Liza,"Speechless! As a fan of Splinter Cell, Hitman & Mirror's Edge, I highly recommend! This game left a very deep impression on me. Be careful though, it's very difficult to find games to play after you've completed this one - nothing seems worthy of your time."
,Recommended,238010,8556122,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Peppermint216,"Great game, good story, rpg elements let you play it however you want."
,Recommended,238010,8503694,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,rhapsodicink,Really good game and unique.
,Recommended,238010,8652345,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Akrylis,"The Director's Cut of Deus Ex: HR brings together the two previous installments of the game into a seamless experience from start to finish with some nice tweaks exactly where they're needed while leaving the original feel of the game intact.  While the boss fights leave just a touch to be desired still, the changes that have been made to the encounters make the game feel ""right"" again and brings them in line with the rest of the experience and multiple play styles.  Add on the graphic improvements, and this stands as a beautiful polish on an already outstanding game.  I personally use a more stealthy aproach to the game, and can say that it is still one of my favorites of all time.I'd recommend this to both fans of the original two games as the perfect experience as well as those who may have been on the fence about playing the new Deus Ex.  DE:HR is an outstanding game, and I can only hope that there is another one in the works in the near future."
,Recommended,238010,8653104,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Butterfly,"Finally took the time to play this game from start to finish, and I have to say, it's an incredible single-player game.  The storyline kept me intrigued, the cutscenes were cool, the combat was very fun, and the controls were comfortable and easy to learn.Also, it has some nice replay value.  I played the first time through as stealthy and non-lethal, but I'd love to play through again as stealthy and LETHAL, or even just kickin' in the doors with guns a'blazin'!!  lol  Not to mention choosing different conversation options for different reactions and replies from NPCs, traveling different paths and using different strategies to accomplish the same tasks.  It's surprising how much freedom the player has in the game, not being guided along by a strict linear path.I highly recommend this game!  And for only twenty bucks, it's worth every penny!"
,Recommended,238010,8623984,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Kaiser Gagius,A masterpiece in gameplay and a brilliant work with the story.
76561197972317013,Recommended,238010,8625914,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Zeruel,"I have to recommend this for fans of the orignal; it really worked in terms of capturing the spirit the well-loved Deus Ex had... the multiple solutions to most given problems, be it smarts, stealth or brute force you decide to favour.I found the world to be an interesting one, feeling more lived-in and less sterile than the original, with characters that I empathised with and I thought 'yes, I care what happens to these people.'... which I think is something few games try and succeed in doing these days.The skill system and weapons upgrades give you many rewards to work towards alongside the actual mission golas- to me creating a drive to play more and never letting me get bored. Visually appealing areas, satisfying weapons and a cover system that is useful but by no means feels mandatory.My only real gripe- and it is a small one- is the NPC's being highly judgemental about you using lethal force; the game already penalises you for this in terms of reduced XP for lethal takedowns and kills; it irked me somewhat that you also sometimes get 'told off' though that said, it makes them seem more human I suppose. I just felt in a game series that says here are porblems, solve as you like, it felt a little out of place.That said? An incredible game, above and beyond any FPS I've played in a long time, a breath of fresh air among the bland CoD and MoH stuff we see trotted out yearly. A worthy prequel that rightly takes its place alongside one of the best PC titles of all time in my opinion.Can anyone else see that the original made with this engine would quite possibly be a truy incredible thing?"
,Recommended,238010,8627317,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,phet kone,"Very Realistic. Asians have squinty eyes, buy this ♥♥♥♥ing game."
,Recommended,238010,8586320,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Melkor,"My first time playing a Deus Ex game, it's a pretty addictive romp through a somewhat dystopian future.  I would absolutely recommend this game."
,Recommended,238010,8588759,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,KeiranKO,gg
,Recommended,238010,8592620,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,foolio1990,"This is one of the best games that I have ever played. The story is very gripping and progresses well. The visuals are excellent. I really love the art direction and creativity in this game. I was always excited to see what the next area would look like. The gameplay is where this game shines. No matter what the task is, there is always a way to do it two or three different ways. You can actually go through the entire game without killing anybody (except for bosses). I really love the open world cities with side quests littered throughout. The soundtrack to this game is extremely fitting, I find myself listening to the music every now and then when not playing the game. I highly recommend this game to anybody that like FPS, dystopian, Deus Ex fans and games that give you freedom. I would actually like to see a remake of the first game in this engine, modified how the company sees fit. I think they woud do a great job with it!"
,Recommended,238010,8952839,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,lighty,"one of the best games i have ever played with one of the best storylines ever!a must for every gamer, especially for stealth lovers :)"
76561198079365007,Recommended,238010,8952962,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,daithecoleman1,Super Recommended game . Pre ordered it when it first came out and now its even better and it only cost a fiver .
,Recommended,238010,8953130,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,saberburst,"If you've bought this game and you still haven't played it, then you are moronic."
,Recommended,238010,8953272,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,The Ember,"Awsome, great mechanics, great animations and a preety good story. The diffrent upgrades can cause fundamental game changes, unlock new patches. Its also great how there are always atleast 5 diffrent ways to complete a objetive and a good vriety of weapons and loot make the enviorment worth exploring, and its always a bonus if you can complete a game without killing a single soul except bosses."
76561198042801508,Recommended,238010,8953329,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Johnbert,"I loved playing through this game the first time. It was a fun experience and offered a lot of different ways to get through the various levels you play through. I do like what they have done with the directors cut edition. The revamped boss battles really help with being able to play the game the way YOU want to. Also the added dlc is a nice touch. I say pick it up if you've never played the game before, and if you have, get it when its on sale!"
76561198046665186,Recommended,238010,8954095,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Fatal Pastry,"While this new version of HR goes a long way to solve the original's problems, is essentially a cheap upgrade, and tosses you some DLC to boot, it also adds a few things not listed on the changelog. Namely, a whole host of gitches, bugs and crashes that weren't in the first game.Despite playing both versions on the same machine, this one had inexplicable FPS drops, graphical bugs, bugs with enemy AI and NPCs not behaving as they should, and worst of all, frequent, unexplained crashes to desktop. Examples follow.-Throughout Detroit I had some of the worst bugs in the entire game. Frequently my FPS died, despite my system exceeding the game's requirements.-Detroit was where most of the crashes to desktop were. These were all, save for one, random and unexplained. I would be playing one moment and staring at a black screen the next, my desktop the one after that. I only found one of these bugs to be repeated- stacking a specific two of the barrels in front of Grayson's shop on top of each other caused the game to instantly crash.-The physics engine would often crash, so be careful when stacking anything.-Throughout Hengsha, NPCs would t-pose and stop doing anything.-Thankfully, upon mysecond visit to Detroit, it was much less buggy.All in all, these frequent bugs were eventually squashed, either by the system or by myself figuring out how to ignore them. While it is a shame that what should in all rights be an even better version of DX3 would up so buggy, to the point where I could only avoid losing progress by constantly quick-saving. Yet, these bugs were mostly present in the first area, Detroit, and when I pushed through them all I found what the Director's Cut should have been, one of the best games ever made made even better, lurking beyond them all.It was one hell of a rough ride, but I would take it again in a heartbeat."
,Recommended,238010,16942819,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Least Valuable Player,"In the original Deus Ex, you can blow up a boss before the fight even begins. You can run past them all. You can one-shot them with the Dragon Tooth Sword. Or you can smack them in the face with a baton. In Human Revolution, you can... shoot them... yeah.In all seriousness, this is a necessity for any PC gamer, along with the original."
76561198114090580,Recommended,238010,17425234,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,direwolfgaming.97,really amazing gameplay it nowI SAID NOW
76561198041160086,Recommended,238010,17429463,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,adimanc,"Excelent game, waiting for Mankind Divided."
,Recommended,238010,17383097,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Azeri-the-Grimm,"A great game, if you're thinking about getting it I'd say get it. It has a great storyline and the game play is really smooth. Great graphics as well. It is well worth the money."
76561198123003968,Recommended,238010,15340437,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,TwistedTempo,"Alright, I'll begin with the noticeably low amount of time spent in game. However, I have happily owned a PlayStation 3 and Deus Ex: Human Revolution for 3 years. I have put I'd say close to 2,000 hours into the game. ---- With this said, I'd have people asking me how I put so much time into a game that has only 16 weapons, 17 ""main"" characters and the ""perhaps"" 12 - 15 hour playthroughs. (5 - 8, if you rush). My answer; Replays. With an extra harddrive, I have a total of one hundread and twenty seven /different/ campaigns active right now as of April 2015. Each one ever so slightly different, yet air-tight in the gamplay. Each giving their own rush. ---- If* you read all the pointless information above, you know this will be 100% Biased just stating this before I get run-down by a bunch of other opinionated gamers who like me enjoy the game, however not to my extent.1. There is a flavor of Deus Ex for any personality, any gaming style. If you're loud n' proud (Guns Blazing) you'll enjoy the heavier weapons that come ""fairly"" shortly in the game. Emphesis on fairly. If you're more sneak and back-stabish then the stealth mechanic will become a favorate. If you'd rather have a little of both, then the game will provide you with such means.2. The settings are gourgous, dark, and mysterious and there is usually always a secret in the area you're in. They may be small and highly missable or ""Look at me, I'm right here!"" With flashing lights leading the way.3. I really don't want to write about the story, but in my opinion! Again, biased! One of the best storys and story developments in gaming history. -----> I'd also recommend playing The Original Deus Ex and Deus Ex: Invisible War. You may want or do not want to play Deus Ex: The Fall. (I played it and really ... wouldn't recomend it, but still, check them out I guess).___________________________________________________________Updated.___________________________________________________________I got to say the vanilla game and story is so fantastic, then you buy the Director's Cut and realize what a mistake that was.IF* you read all of above, which I'd highly doubt, you'd understand my love and yet, I play the DLC for the first time and it seems what was gem, is not. Just a just a rock with paint labeled ""jewel color"" on it. I'd like to complain why this is so and if would love to not read on it's your choice, there will be spoilers.The DLC introduces new weapons, new area layouts, NPCs, and new areas in general. However, it also seemed to add a slight error with enemie AI and now, BellTower, police, aug soldiers, the works can detect you from rooms away, within vents, moving while behind cover and problems such as instant-detection and they no longer need to locate alarm panels, the area alarm blasts when you're seen by a hostile. -After talking to Tong for the second time and leaving for the ships to go to the once was ""Omega Ranch"" you are plunged straight into the DLC. Stripped of all augments, ammo, weaponry, and armor you are faced with corridors of none-mobile hostiles that are usually placed to look straight at Adam, (you) and makes it seemingly impossible to get through withoug upgrades. You are given back your inventory and body armor and only eight (8) praxis kits which is far less than what you had before the DLC. (I'd hope, anyhow)."
,Recommended,238010,17339318,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,VisBek,This is amongst the best single player games I have played. If you enjoy cyberpunk this is for you. If you enjoy an exceptionally well-crafted storyline that is adaptive and not overly linear then this is for you. If you want an all-round immersive and enjoyable gaming experience then this is for you. Took me 45 hours to complete and enjoyed it all the way through.
,Recommended,238010,17340816,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Sigrik,I never asked for this/10.
,Recommended,238010,17360776,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Ahutz,"Deus Ex: Human Revolution - Directors Cut took me 62 hours according to Steam. Deus Ex Human Revolution ""directors cut"" is the best video game I've ever played. I'll never play it again and it wouldn't make a list of my favorite games. But, Deus Ex is still the best game I've ever played.Storytelling is far and away the best I've encountered in a video game. I felt like I was experiencing a science fiction blockbuster film. You're thrown into controlling Keanu Reeves and you get to experience this near-future in which rapidly up-scaling technology has led to severe classism and an imminent singularity. Everything is packaged as a corporate espionage themed thriller as Keanu plays the head of security for a large bio-tech company.Game play is great. It's like Gears of War meets a FPS version of Metal Gear Solid. DXHR has designed encounters and levels where there are countless ways to approach each scenario, it's not simply stealth or guns-a-blazing. It's ten different ways to approach it stealthily and ten different ways to approach an encounter like a face-smasher. The mechanics are familiar and there is no reinventing the wheel here. Everything comes down to level design, the different approaches to encounters is moreso about how you move about the level than about how you kill/incapacitate. DXHR is the first game where I felt like I could pick and choose my battles and have that really be true. Best way to describe is that there is always twenty different ways to move from A to B, but it's still just stealth or non-stealth. Same ole', same ole', just presented flawlessly. There are also some RPG elements where you can spend sill point things and upgrade weapons. The story of the game is about bio-tech so it lends itself well to the whole upgrading element. Certain choices impact gameplay and will allow you to tailor to your playstyle. However, by the end you'll have purchased almost everything, in the early parts of the game the decisions matter though.Controls are awesome. I played on PC with Xbox 360 controller and everything felt responsive. Inventory management, weapons swapping, aiming, sneaking - it all feels good. I like the gameplay mechanic where you can use things for cover and change your stance to aim, take cover, sneak, etc, DXHR has a lot of that.My two biggest complaints with DXHR are both environment issues: There are so many destructible containers to interact with in the game world and the majority of them are empty and serve no purpose. I smashed so many cardboard boxes and eventually gave up. Some containers and movable objects do lead to alternate passages and ways to complete objectives, I found it rare though. Second, is that the game world doesn't refresh itself. There are hundreds of NPCs running around the game in each area and yet only a handful of them actually interact with the environment. Anything you do, stays did and most NPCs are indifferent to what you do. The game is so detailed and vibrant, yet you're limited in how you can impact your surroundings. Leave a body in the streets it will be there later on despite literally a hundred people waking by it. Yet one of those same people is literally sweeping the streets.I don't want to seem like I wanted a more open world game. As DXHR does a masterful job of creating the cities you travel between throughout the game. They are in my opinion the perfect size and are designed intuitively. It was fun learning my way around the cities. I just simply wish I could do more to impact the environment besides smash things and hide bodies. Like I can make a permanent imprint on the game world, but, it doesn't change the way anyone interacts.I'd definitely recommend this game to anyone who likes sci-fi, stealth games, or shooters. Best gave I've ever played, but, one play through is enough for me. I say buy that game at any price point."
,Recommended,238010,17371771,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Officer Navy,"Fantastic game. Fans of Mass Effect will probably like this because of the sci fi shooting, stealth, and dynamic story.+Good voice acting+Interesting settings and subplots+many ways to approach any situation+solid gameplay-sometimes the AI will be inconsistent in its difficulty-developer commentary is distracting during cutscenes (this can be switched off and on in the extras menu)-occasional bugs and graphical glitches"
76561198003066842,Recommended,238010,18906453,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,SuperSpesh,"I had a strange audio glitch, but otherwise game still looks good.  And gameplay is brutally hard."
76561198063694312,Recommended,238010,18915124,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Subidrew,Love the game can not wait for the next one to come out
76561198095200394,Recommended,238010,18891454,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,RetroFlux,"Absolutely love this game, my first play was on the 360 but purchased again to replay before Mankind Divided comes out.The choice of play styles available means there's something for everyone, although I prefer a stealthy appraoch it's sometimes fun just to blow everything up. On my second play I have been taking routes and find things that I didn't spot on the my first play so the replay value is good.The cinematics are very good and the plot itself is excellent and of course your choices do impact the way things unfold, the plot also and raises some interesting philosophical points."
,Recommended,238010,18908796,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,AppellantZero89,"As someone who has played the original version, I can say that there are a LOT of improvements from it.*cough* you don't need to exploit the game to defeat the first boss anymore *cough*"
,Recommended,238010,18860282,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,PHYDEAUX,Probably one of the best stealth action games ever
76561198064434403,Recommended,238010,18858880,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Link10103,"I've never played a Deus Ex title before, mainly because I never actually heard about it. I remember seeing something about Human Revolution ages ago but the first person/third person dynamic seemed weird to me so I never bothered.Turns out this title went on sale with the announcement of Mankind Divided so I figured why not...You know your money is well spent when you spend 7 hours playing a game and you haven't even beaten the second main mission. In terms of quests and content, this reminds me of the Witcher 3's system where most of the sidequests worth doing actually have some kind of impact on the narrative and stem directly from the main storyline. Granted, I didn't feel like there was a point behind doing any of the sidequests, the rewards are kind of skimpy, but they were actually interesting and fleshed out enough for me not to care about rewards.This is a very stealth heavy game, unless you are able to max out your arm implants early on I don't particurlalry see the appeal in going loud the entire way through. I heard about the pacifist achievement, and up until the return to China with Malik I was doing pretty good...So far I haven't beaten it, though Im pretty sure I am at endgame. I will probably end up at 20 hours by the end of it all, which for the less than $10 I spent for this is pretty stellar.  Makes me quite hyped to see what Mankind Divided will be like.If I had to pick one thing out of this entire game to gush at, oddly enough it would be the ragdoll physics. Games like Assassins Creed will have you brutally murder someone with 6 different movies and normally they should go flying or immediately fall off a ledge, but there is always a pause before they go out of the animation to then ragdoll. Human Revolution, you deck a guy in the face and he immediately flies into a wall. Really dont know why, but I just found it really appealing.I would recommend. Conspiracy narrative, main character is a badass (good or bad pending on your jackhole whims), and the dialogue is pretty extensive to the point where what you say can drastically alter a situation from walking away or murdering everyone in the room."
,Recommended,238010,18862792,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Pip,hum...Yes!
76561198189511289,Recommended,238010,18879959,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,MF SHROOMS 88,"An amazing game which tells a story about corporate greed and evoloution , the game sheds light on what is going on in this world (the real one) in certain aspects , this masterpiece is a must-have if are a fan of FPS , stealth , and games with jaw dropping out-comes (multiple endings)i honestly can't wait for mankind divided - 12/10"
76561198082687413,Not Recommended,238010,18875164,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,wrhunter,"Don't be fooled by the minimum system requirements, you' ll need a better pc for this game, even better pc for DC."
76561198066432232,Recommended,238010,18808234,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Ryansworld66,"Absolutly a worthy addition to the Deus Ex series, even at full price it's completly worth it.Some of the Pros:-Amazing Gameplay-Top Notch Voice Acting-Great improvments over the original such as the augmentation system and Hacking- Having a proper inventory system (Looking your way, Invisible War)- Well written dialouge- Interesting Characters- Great Plot-Brilliant nods to the original game- Adam is a badassCons:- No Leaning- Boss battles are boring and break the flow of the story- Soundtrack isn't as memorible- No MeeleDeus Ex: Human Revolution gets an solid: A"
,Recommended,238010,18812932,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Dex,Incredibly well made stealth game with a great story and protagnist the directors cut fixes up the boss battles sadly the boss battles are still♥♥♥♥♥♥and the game does drag on a bit near the end but for its price l highly reccomend it
,Recommended,238010,30584412,Posted: 17 March,all,KuromiAK,Adam Jensen can't climb ledges?
76561198104144117,Recommended,238010,18856418,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Celenheim,hoş
,Recommended,238010,18848676,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,The Science Spy,"If you're looking to get into Deus Ex, start with this one, as it has aged a bit better"
,Recommended,238010,18846787,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Thescificultist,"Great to see another quality game from an excellent franchise.Deus Ex: Human Revolution distils the best of cyber-punk dystopian fiction into a well-paced story without rehashing genre staples into second rate pastiche.Immerisive, slick and super stylish. After emerging from the first couple of hours of gameplay the urge to rewatch the latest Director's Third-Most-Favourite-Cut-the-Monday-it-Finished-Shooting Edition of Bladerunner will be completely irresistible.However, the real edge this game has is in allowing you to customise your game to the play style you wish to use, both acrosss the game as a whole and on a situation by situation basis.  The many choices availible feel like exactly that-choices! Each power up is a welcome benefit and I never found myself regretting that I hadn't picked a different power or playstyle. Each playthrough feels unique with a different 'character' in game.  This of course offers an immense amount of replay factor, along with some great playstyle acheivements should you wish to try them.Enjoy."
76561198108353679,Recommended,238010,18849310,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Knay,It's like if they made a Bladrunner game but gave the main character urine-stained drunk vision goggles
,Recommended,238010,18937512,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Hellabadson,Excellent game! Please see my linked YouTube video for an in-depth review of the game.https://youtu.be/vqFo7dXLQWQ
,Recommended,238010,18945719,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Professor X,This game thought me that vents are the ultimate solution to your problems in life.11/10 would crawl inside vents again
,Recommended,238010,18936193,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,momentum,"Although my steam time is only a few hours, I borrowed this game from a friend and beat it many times. This game is great in my opinion, even though its based on an earlier build of human revolution, which means that it includes some bugs. One of my personal favorites."
,Recommended,238010,18954504,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Slvr,The first FPS Game that I played over and over again. I love this game.
,Recommended,238010,18986353,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Divalti,"A game with multiple possibilities, punishment, and fun stealth."
,Recommended,238010,9421404,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Kondorr,"Deus Ex: Human Revolution: 9/10- Highly RECOMMENDEDDeus Ex: Human Revolution Impressions:Cyberpunk at it's best and at the same time, the best version of Deus Ex yet.The story, the presentation and the gameplay is still amazing, the aditional DLC missions alone are worthy the price of admission, but the boss fights, although better are still pretty forgetable...I think the best way to handle them, would be to cut them completly and introduce fully pre-rendered cut-scenes.The other negative is the last choice you get to make (it's the same thing as with the Mass Effect 3 choice, only Mass Effect hat the exctended cut DLC, which took your desicions and showed you the overarching consequences, here you get one of three movies, which do not change based on the way you played the game).I would say, this is next to The Witcher and Mass Effect series one of the best Story-driven RPGs out there.(I did not include Skyrim, because I conside Skyrim an Exploration-based RPG).If you did not play it, you should... like right now!"
,Recommended,238010,11370885,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Redj350Z,This game is translated in almost every language except C++ 32.2999999/<(o.o<)
,Recommended,238010,18486911,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Jos van der Heiden,"Excellent game, liked the mood and character options"
76561198125315412,Recommended,238010,18505991,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Plzcheese,"This game is the ultimate game. It is able to be played like Fallout mixed with Star Wars The Old Republic but better. You can go the entire game killing everyone basically or knock out your enemys with tazers, choke holds, or tranq guns. You can go through like at least 3 different routs or more. Say through the vents, go in guns blazing, hack your way in, or silently take everyone out leathal or non leathal. If you are a KOTOR, Fallout, Batman, or secret agent game fan  then this is for you. 15/10 stars!!!"
,Not Recommended,238010,18525381,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,win will,"Good game, control takes some time to get used with but it is pretty good. The story is intriquing, voice acting is overall good. Liked the setting, plot, etc. BUT BUTBUTBUTBUTBUTTUTBUTBUTBTUTHE FRAME RATE SUCKS. That's the break point and now I am currently requesting for refund and planning to buy the old version. The game is still good but it is unplayable"
,Recommended,238010,18366455,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,ach00,i can write areview for this one yay
76561198098730481,Recommended,238010,18356790,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,gebargel,favorite game of all time
,Recommended,238010,30533025,Posted: 15 March,all,og gangster,Inspector Gadget would be proud
76561198028302470,Recommended,238010,18259331,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,asaf mnsn,"This is an awesome game.I really can't stop playing it, the story is great the gameplay is greatjust wowonly one down side is that I play on the TV so when putting maximum resolution 1080p the subtitles are too small which forced me to reduce the resolution to 720p.so if you play on tv you should think about that although it's still totally worth 20$ and you probably will forget about it pretty fastall in all I really recommend this game"
,Recommended,238010,18438139,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,2mork2mindy,"QUICK BREAKDOWN:- Much atmospheric.- Boss fights are irritating and underwhelming.- More back track questing in open city areas than I would have liked.- Upgradeable character and weaponry is a staple of the series and remains here in solid form.- Gameplay is objectivley geared towards stealth approach, rewarding those who think and plan ahead.- Story is compelling until it falls flat on it's♥♥♥♥♥right at the end.- Mediocre character development.- Best Deus Ex game since the original, though still lacking the same open ended potential of it's year 2000 predecessor.SIDE NOTES:- Use a SweetFX/ ReShade preset if you are getting sick of the yellow tint on EVERYTHING.- Gameplay best enjoyed if approached with a keen sense of detail and patience."
76561198012172783,Recommended,238010,20423738,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,alba_troz,"Though the ending is stupid and your choices barelly have an impact in the end, they do have an impact in your gameplay. Super replayable, great voice acting, and a cliched but interesting story nonetheless, you should play this game ASAP!"
,Recommended,238010,20393537,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,UnaiOriphis,Havent finished it yet on PC (im not good at sticking with second playthroughs) but i can tell you it looks very nice in 4k DSR its spruces it up nicely. It has presets for your old xbox 360 controller. I say get it in a sale. Especially if you havent played it before youll have 8-20 hours of fun depending on how you play.
76561198046853774,Recommended,238010,20411670,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,wboson,"Got Directors Cut from steam sales and feel a bit shamed like always. I had the original already and thought DC would be waste of money but instead I got a reason to play it again and am thankful for that. The Missing Link was a ""cherry on top"".As the boss fights supposed to be redesigned I didn´t shoot much but in the very beginning and noticed gun flash, don´t know if its my upgraded GPU or DC but liked it. Overall the graphics look decent for today but this isn´t the game to be graphics freak anyway.What grasped my attention is music score- was immersed to game already in Game Menu. Also I find voice acting very truthful and lively, felt in all dialogues that characters were really argueing\communicating with Adam. Oh and Jensens smokey badass don´t-give-a-crap-I´ll-kick-your♥♥♥♥♥voice is one of best of the games I´ve played.Was really frustreted while trying to play original DE:HR silently and encountered enemy bosses and found out that shooting was more encouraged still. With this  ""ghost"" gameplay I noticed redesigned boss levels with opportunity to cloak and hack through fights.The story and choises, including going through dialogues with ""silver tongue"", was interesting even after several playthroughs(DC counts playtime from scratch). Also the XP rewarding eBooks add to the story and hacking through personal mails give some colour to the world.Overall Directors Cut added some welcomed changes and extra mission added some challenge to play on ""Give me Deus Ex"" as the situations were new and required some game saves to be loaded;)"
,Recommended,238010,17314622,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,thefullarcticfox_,Game of the year edition of game of the year so awesomely done so it's holy ♥♥♥♥ing MUST HAVE!12/10 Extremely recommend.P.S. I asked for this game. And sequel coming out soon. Hype.
,Recommended,238010,20236465,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,_.Rastafari.26_,Vents: The human stealth hiding simulator
,Recommended,238010,8970377,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,m0phre4k,"Played this multiple times on the 360, even on PS3, and just started it on PC. I highly recommend this one. Good Sci-Fi Story about human body augmentation, good RPG elements, lots of decision making, high re-playability, nice soundtrack. My fav part about the game is the Stealth gameplay. However, play it your way! The only 'negative' is the boss fights.... they're a lil' too easy. All in all, GG."
76561198043700712,Recommended,238010,20629704,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,young baus,My second favorite game of all timeI can´t think of anything that wasn´t good about this game
,Recommended,238010,20629389,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Dawnmetty,Você soca a parede e puxa um maluco pelos cabelo mesmo ele sendo careca e dá várias muqueta nele10/9 NGI
,Recommended,238010,20613714,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Steve-O,"Deus Ex, the original game from 2000, is often regarded today as one of the biggest landmarks within Cyberpunk RPGs and  I am still today convinced that the game is one of the biggest staples of PC gaming. However, Eidos Montreal had a tall order to fill for this franchise espeically after the poorly received 2003 game, Deus Ex: Invisible War (which I felt didn't deserve as much of the hate as it got). However, Eidos Montreal managed to go above and beyond all expectations. While I will say that the scale of Deus Ex: Human Reovlution is not on par with the orginal Deus Ex in terms of story, it holds up very well in terms of immersive gameplay and atmosphere that pays heavy tributes to the franchise and is a incredible reboot of the series.However, like many, the boss fights from the orginal release were completely unexpected and porrly implemented segments that felt out of place in this game. However, the Director's Cut does alot more than just fix the boss fights (although there are still the issues of that you need to fight them regardless). But it givres Hd textures, a massive overall of the graphical options and manages to implement the DLC the Missing Link (which is fantastic all on its own) into the main storyline along with the expansion packs. With this game, I can safely say was one of the best games to come out of th 7th console generation and Deus Ex: ManKind Divided will hopefully be able to live up to what this game provided for us.9/10"
,Not Recommended,238010,20593814,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,MindfulOcean,"I have a medium to high end rig, and this game runs like garbage.  The story and characters seem interesting, but the gameplay isn't what I expected.  The game was tweaked to address fan complaints about the boss fights, but it still feels like the game punishes you severely for trying to play things differently than the developer intended when they designed the levels.  This is a problem because freely choosing your approach is part of what the game is supposed to be about.  I also felt the stealth mechanics were very poorly handled.I flat out do not understand the praise this game gets.  I hope the sequel is better."
,Recommended,238010,20602798,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Anon Ymous,"This game is somewhat overrated, but not bad. Pick it up on sale if you're interested."
,Recommended,238010,20626976,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,JoJo,"No Bugs Encountered,i think they have all been patched.Its a great game,no doubt..highly recommended !!!"
,Recommended,238010,20644665,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,McHuntFace,This game is one of the best titles of the year it came out.  I highly recommend this one.
,Recommended,238010,20694121,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Not Triggered,"Oh my god this gamethis FPS/RPG/Third Person shooter/cover based shooter/stealth game/morality checker puts everything I would love in a game together. The weapons are balanced, the levels balanced. The replayability is awesome. You can go through a loud and proud playthrough with no silencers or stealth or you can do a non-leathal route where you try not to kill a single person.really the storyline is EPIC and the gameplay is awesome as well. Kinda graphic Intensive, but that's given with it's graphics.Go ahead and play it. It's awesome."
76561198040785576,Recommended,238010,20709197,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,♫FoxyBlue♫,"I played the normal Version of this game for over 100 Hours and I still enjoy the game like when it was release 4 years ago, I enjoy this game so much that it made me buy also the Directors Cut edition .It is justone of the best games ever made.Perfect atmosphere.Graphics are a total eye-candy(for my taste).Gameplay feels very smooth and gives you all the freedom you want in a game like this.Weapons feel realistic and suit every situation in the game.A lot of thought went into the character design and their personality and makes them feel realistic and alive.The Story fits perfectly into the Deus Ex universe and makes the game a believable prequel to the original game.And last but not least: the Soundtrack...THE SOUNDTRACK!I have never heard such a beautiful and fitting soundtrack to a game before! It fits perfectly to the dystopian cyberpunk feel of the game and just won't stop to amaze me while listening to it.You want a game where you can stealth and avoid killing anyone through the entire game?Buy Deus Ex: Human Revolution!You want a game where you can take your rifle and kill everyone who crosses your way?Buy Deus Ex: Human Revolution!You like cyberpunk and futuristic stuff?Buy Deus Ex: Human Revolution!"
76561198011484192,Recommended,238010,14520252,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,[SF] Jaydo,"Pros- The overall cyberpunk look of the game is good.- Very solid and well-balanced stealth gameplay.- Several approaches to every situation, suiting different playing styles.- Certain actions actually affect later gameplay- Few loading moments. Once you are in a city, most of its interiors do not need to be loaded.- If you take your time exploring every nook and cranny, the game has about 30 to 40 hours of gameplay.Cons- Certain meshes, reflections and textures look very dated for the time of release, showing perhaps a long development period.- Disappointing endings (cheaply done, not specific and in my opinion the choices do not match the outcomes). Deux Ex 2 had much better endings.- Weaknesses in story and dialogue. Very gamy. Asking me to care about a character that has not been developed.- Overall, it feels governed by its own perculiar artificial rules, which further diminishes immersion.- The main character's voice. I keep wanting to clear my throat for him. And the delivery is ...meh."
,Recommended,238010,20775233,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,StarScream,"One of the best open stealth-action adventures to  ever come around.Finished this once in the past, and gladly decided to give it a second run, especially considering the Director's Cut merges the DLC and adds extra content/refined all the boss fights.A MUST have!Grade A+PS: Breathaking soundtrack."
76561197989659594,Recommended,238010,20795955,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,NoChillAllShill,No part of this game is boring.
,Recommended,238010,20308605,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,According to Prophecy,"Deus Ex: Human Revolution is a very solid stealth FPS. If you like stealth games, you will love this. Very good and realistic enemy AI. Very good stealth mechanics, like taking cover and dodge-rolling. Also quite difficult, and if you want to kill as little amount of people as possible, you will likely retry quite a bit, or die.Overall, Deus Ex: Human Revolution gets a 9.6/10. I just wish there were more non-lethal weapons like a tranguilizer pistol or a stun-stick or something else like that."
,Recommended,238010,18871248,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,XXxCHOI_BOIxXX,This is good a example of a game that started bad and ended up being good. Not just playable. Actually good.
,Recommended,238010,9668687,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,the mountain,Awwwwwwwwwwwwesome......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................its kinda........................stealthy..........................and beardy...............................................and goldenish glases and .................................................combat rifle..................................................and some awesome weapon called p.e.ps...............hehehehe.............peps sounds like a sweet heheheheheheehe.................................10/10
,Recommended,238010,9673055,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Hydrocarbonish,"I can't recommend this game enough - read my other mini review on the original title. This version is the best version, with all the little tweaks that make it even more enjoyable than before. It really balances some areas of the game out, like boss battles and finding equipment. Plus, this version is considerably discounted and comes with all the DLC bundled (and more cleverly implemented) so it's worth every penny. If you want a fun game with a fantastic story in an incredible immersive world - look no further"
76561198070205973,Recommended,238010,9332762,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Genghis Swan,"YOU SUCK, PLAY GOOD GAMES ASSNOSE, HA. HA. HAHAHAHA"
,Recommended,238010,9963502,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,Mashiro,so. good.
76561198058516967,Recommended,238010,8589393,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Da Tek Shaman,
76561198065736058,Recommended,238010,9966322,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,OutOfTime,One of the greatest and most thought-provoking games ever produced.
,Recommended,238010,9968034,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,Calcium,"Seriously worth buying, either if you own Human Revolution already or if you have been thinking about buying it. Go for it. This adds a lot to the game, making the boss battles worthwhile, and includes The Missing Link DLC, integrating it into the storyline better than the original game."
,Recommended,238010,9973758,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,psyborgue,"Very nearly as good as the first Deus Ex and certainly better than the first release of Human Revolution. ""The Missing Link"" DLC has been added back and integrated into the main game, and the boss fights have been modified to give more freedom."
,Recommended,238010,9978778,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Lawliet94,"The story is incredibly interesting and well-told, the gameplay is fun. Combat is quick and painful, no tanking (at least not until you get to the very very high levels), bullets hurt and you avoid shoot-outs in the open. Stealth is rewarded, and not boring; you can be stealthy without having to be a flawless master of gaming, which makes the experience fun. Plenty of complaints out there about potential bugs or glitches, but I never had any and the experience was incredibly smooth.TL;DR-- Great story, great FPS mechanics, great stealth, no glitches10/10!"
76561198054762942,Recommended,238010,9966119,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,The Copy Ninja,"I absolutely love this game. When I played it in 2011, I felt like the game was a little rushed, but I still enjoyed it's versatile gameplay and intriguing setting. Now I finally get to replay it on the hardest difficulty with guns blazing instead of using stealth to beat the game. The commentary is actually quite interesting because they explain to you the purpose behind many things that are experienced in the game. Plus, I can't wait to see the improved boss fights. Buy this game if you are a fan of the Deus Ex series, you won't be disappointed. $20 is a bargain for such a gem in the gaming industry.Note: I run an i5 processor with only 512 mb of video memory and there are no frame rate problems."
,Recommended,238010,10082960,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,ewalk493,I've played through DE:HR twice on the PS3; this Director's Cut is a great addition to the game and series as a whole.I especially like the fact that Feral decided to release this on Steam as a Steamplay title. Kudos.
76561198075860504,Recommended,238010,13165339,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,[HOT] Sir Mirato,"You sneak around with automatic sunglasses and a long coat, what do want more?"
76561197966920664,Recommended,238010,13026506,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,greasemonkey,"As a newcomer to the series, I had no idea what to expect from this title, and I was certainly surprised how deep this game went in seemingly all directions. There’s so much more than what you might see as a just another shooter with stealth mechanics. There is a very open-ended spectrum to how you can play this game: from core mechanics, to how you approach the levels and scenarios, to what decisions you make along the game’s satisfyingly lengthy narrative. Will play it stealthily or with guns-blazing? Will you go under, over, around, or through your enemies? Will you take your enemies down mercifully or lethally? Will try out all these things, whenever you feel like it? With this game, you certainly can, and I chose to use variety as I played through on the game’s Hard difficulty setting. And unlike many RPG-type games, you can play with variety and not really feel penalised for it or pidgeon-holed into a certain play style.Although I did focus mainly on the stealth and hacking route, I was never afraid to pull out the guns when things got hairy, and I never really felt the need to choose the powerups relating to guns and the brute-strength approach. At any rate, it was highly enjoyable going into each of the games encounters, figuring out what approach I wanted to take and then using the right tools for the job to execute my plan. And when things didn’t work out as planned, it’s still fun enough to weasel your way out or simply re-load and try things differently.I would insist people try to play this game more as a stealth game where possible, as that is what makes this game stand out. Most of the weapons feel quite good, but other, more high-profile and dedicated FPS games do it better than what can be found here. So if you’re looking for a gun-toting blast, this game certainly has elements of that, but it shouldn’t be the reason why you should play this game. A second qualm I have with the game would be the sub-par graphics, which are likely by-products of game development sprawled across a variety of platforms, but as a trade-off I guess you get a lengthy game with still quite detailed environments. Lastly, there are a couple signature moves the game has which the game doesn’t really capitalises on nearly enough, or provides enough obvious and enticing opportunities to use.At the end of the day, when it comes to this Director’s Cut, you’re left with a great package with excellent value. This sci-fi romp delivers an experience which is far greater than the sum of its parts, and it’s all tied together with strong characters and a fantastic story that isn’t afraid to ask the big questions of humanity and progress."
,Recommended,238010,13173653,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,budgetcutsinc,Great stealth/action/esponage mechanics all expertley crafted into one of the better games of the past decade
,Recommended,238010,13177294,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,jssrfx,"As someone who thoroughly enjoyed and completed the original Deus Ex back in 2000, this one was definitely a must. I had bought the first release of Deus Ex: HR (DEHR) and the DLC, but didn't have the time to play it. When they released the Director's Cut which contained the DLC, improvements and fixes, I upgraded and am finally playing this.It's an absolutely superb game. It's one of those rare occasions, where they did the original game justice, didn't dumb it down, but rather improved on the gameplay and graphics given the 13 years or so in between. The story is intriguing, and it is definitely one of those games that will suck you in and will keep things interesting. For instance, I absolutely do not mind revisiting a location, or combing every inch just to not miss a particular gadget, credit chip or other goodies. There are also a ton of different paths and even if the game tells you this, I will reiterate it again at this point: Think out of the box! The most direct path rarely works best. Not because you can't use it, but because it is usually the most difficult way.An all-out assault will only do one thing: Antagonize entire factions and make you literally hide at every turn. It is far more fun to use the stealth approach and leave a location without so much as having raised any suspicion. You will also get the opportunity to augment your character with all kinds of bio-synthetic technology. Word of advice: Improving the hacking and cloaking abilities will make your life a lot easier throughout the game!DEHR perfectly combines RPG and FPS elements, requires you to think while solving certain (security) puzzles, and there are choices to make that can affect the outcome of a situation and/or the potential reward. And, again, do look around. If you cannot get past a hack, somewhere there will be a PDA containing the code.A brief note also on performance issues; I had them, too. It's not so much a frame rate drop, than a stutter, as if your computer is trying to load more data. Since there are no texture pop-ins, it's not a performance issue as such though. There are guides with a number of registry fixes which seem to have worked for some people, but not for me. My solution was to run the game at my monitor's native resolution. I found by chance that the game was auto set to 1920x1080 which is fine, except my screen's native resolution is 2048x1152. Once set to that, even on all settings maxed out, no more stuttering.So, in conclusion, even if you do not know the original Deus Ex (I would strongly recommend you play it just for the sake of having played one of the best games of all time, despite the somewhat dated looks), this game is worth it. You are given a mission, how you approach it, is your call. If you want to go in with weapons blazing (providing your have the ammo for it), do so, if you want to go stealth, do that. Combine both approaches, sure. Trust me, it's going to be a great and memorable journey.For me, personally, it sits right up there with the likes of Mass Effect and Splinter Cell. Truly epic."
,Recommended,238010,13177610,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,I Love You,The endings and the tears10/10
76561197987489047,Recommended,238010,13129194,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Noodles,"Awesome game, I've played all the Deus Ex games and this one is my favorite."
76561198061539832,Recommended,238010,13518488,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Redleaf,"Don`t miss this one. I have not met anyone who played Deus Ex and did not like it. Storyline depends on what you do or say. you will have action, stealth, adventure all in one game (hard to say it game. It s too post realistic story). You may need to search the summary of the story in order to learn the details of the story coming from first deus ex game)"
,Not Recommended,238010,13483698,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,react,"Buggy on both my AMD & Nvidia systems. White flashes on screen and jerkiness when moving to different areas. Looking online it looks like DE:HR DC currently uses an older version of the engine than the vanilla DE:HR, which I also own but hadn't gotten around to playing yet. I loaded it up and the vanilla version plays without a hitch. Very disappointing!"
76561198120424480,Recommended,238010,17209520,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,iTz ghost UK,"Dont pay attention to my hours on steam, i have complete the game more than 5 times on xbox 360I'll get right into it, this game is fun, it has an interesting and amazing story, a main character that does fill a sterotype role of a gruff voiced badass haunted by his past but it works on that and improves him as a person and not that steretype you see in every steven seagal or action film, the combat is how you want it, stealthy or guns blazing with both being very malleable, there are tons of upgrades you can do and tons of different choices to affect your game and how the world acts around you, with some little easter eggs that are enjoyable to find Deus ex makes for an amazing game and is very entertaining, the achievements are fun to do along with the entire game. I dont want to spoil it for anyone but if you like a first person tactical shooter with morals and story choices set in a furturistic world then this game is for you, the only bad part of this game i will say is the AI are not that observent with a stealth playthrough but still fun regardlessi rate this game 10/10"
76561198043289484,Recommended,238010,17212446,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Ghoulean Operators,"Man with machete arms goes on a murdering spree throughout Detroit!Its just like real Detroit. Not looks mind you, but in atmosphere. The atmosphere that any second, someone is gonna get shot or stabbed, gang wars plague the citizenry, and of course....Pigs (cops) who use excessive force! SERIOUSLY, THEY WALK AROUND IN FULL BODY ARMOR, USE ASSAULT RIFLES, AND HAVE ROBO-WALKER ARTILLERY SUPPORT. Dont get into any fights, because any fist fights will be stopped with a storm of bullets and explosives from the Detroit PD.Probably the best Detroit simulator I've ever played."
76561197970964325,Recommended,238010,17214159,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Zombie Roger,"My stance is neutral in liking the game but I'm leaning towards a positive experience overall. There were several problems with this game. First my game stuttered rather badly but it wasn't unplayable. I have a gtx 960 card and I just couldn't get it to not skip every once in a while. The good news for me it didn't do it during the most intense moments of the game like boss fights. I'm sure it's something simple but I never really investigated.My other gripe about the game is revisiting areas. I felt the game's story is built around revisiting the same areas several times over. The game's level is divided up into cities/locations and you revisit the same cities/locations two or more times. I felt that is a major drag especially if you didn't like the place.My other problem with the game is the lack of melee weapons. In the original Deus Ex, I really loved the dragon tooth sword and various tools and other items that differ from just using guns. This game sort of have melee but not really. You stick to mainly guns but I did find I mainly used the cross bow and stun gun throughout the game.Other than that, this game is fantastic. I really loved the story and atmosphere and felt it was very good. I also loved the clothing designs in the game. Overall a must for Deus Ex fans."
,Recommended,238010,17216619,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,fiend,john cena
,Recommended,238010,17217649,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Nas,Write review here.
76561198037252083,Recommended,238010,17269363,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,patrick999911,"very large deep game, deffo worth a play"
76561198060200631,Recommended,238010,17252931,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Super rare guac grinder,"great game, fun to stealth around and also to go guns blazing"
76561198093818222,Recommended,238010,17252980,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,ICriEvriTim,The future is here and it looks ♥♥♥♥ing awsome!
,Recommended,238010,17287730,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Celsjusz,"Awesome story, awesome gameplay, awesome game. Whatever you chose at the end, it makes you think.999/Rebooting"
,Recommended,238010,17299526,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Max Wick,I am absolutely blown away by how good this game is. This is a slight mix between futuristic superhumans and an rpg. The game runs very nice and smooth and the storyline will keep you coming back for more until you beat it. Love it.
76561198110544500,Recommended,238010,17302026,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Mister Mitch,Surprisingly good rpg and action game with many changing plot lines and ways to play. 9/10 would never asked for this again
,Recommended,238010,17074856,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,KJZ2,I will always ask for this........ 11/10
76561198140388472,Recommended,238010,17158818,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Captain Levi,"To be honest I didn't know much about this series besides the fact that it was a futuristic, sci-fi game which involves human augmentation.I'm glad I didn't. This game is a First Person/ Third Person -ish RPG. And while that may sound weird, it isn't. The game seamlessly blends combat with third person takedowns while also keeping core RPG mechanics reminiscent of Mass Effect or The Witcher games.The story starts off slow but becomes grand in scale with the fate of the entire world resting upon the shoulders of our main character, Adam Jensen. One of the things that is so good about this game is that there are no black or white choices. You choices affect those around you and will come back to haunt you once the glory is over. Helping some means sacrificing others and this game captures the very essence of the trails someone who hold the fate of the world in his hands would face.The gameplay could use a bit of tweaking and improvement. I almost played the entire game with stealth as getting killed is very easy. There was also a lot of backtracking and long, exhausting trudges through cities. Not to mention you can’t really run properly or for long.All in all. An extremely enjoyable and underrated game that is sure to get you thinking about the ideas and philosophies it presents. The gameplay is not extraordinary or that polished but is still very enjoyable, especially later in the game as you unlock more of your awesome abilities."
,Recommended,238010,17106919,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,PickleRick!,i reject your reality and-- oops wrong adam
,Recommended,238010,17112972,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Dosh 🍻,A most own game!
,Recommended,238010,18982678,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,hankman 1996,"I mean it's pretty good but by the end you'll never want to play it ever again. It's fun, interesting, goofy, thought-provoking, etc."
,Recommended,238010,19006588,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,pohotu3,"Excellent Stealth-Shooter. My biggest issue with it was the control-scheme. The controls aren't quite what you would expect from a shooter game. 'c' is crouch instead of 'ctrl', RMB is take cover, not aim down sights. It take some getting used to, and isn't as intuitive as it could be. Otherwise a great game. Story is excellent, and it pays homage to the other Deus Ex games while still going it's own direction. If you like cyberpunk, stealth, or shooters: this might be the game for you."
76561197960616974,Recommended,238010,19130523,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Dora the Exploiter,"This is my second playthrough of this game (once on Xbox360 and most recently on PC).It is a very enjoyable game and it does give you the feeling that within each mission, you can do whatever you want. However, I did play it on ""Give me a challenge"", because the description says the game was meant to play that way, and the enemies are quite non-challenging. I recommend starting with ""DEUS EX"" difficulty and scaling back if needed!"
,Recommended,238010,17852955,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Dave From Dance Class,not bad
,Recommended,238010,17853256,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Gobus,Amazing game.
76561198065378736,Recommended,238010,17852710,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Zodshotu,"Awesome Game! I played it through 2x n loved it. They Really make you feel like a badass. Upgrades are great and the voice overs are brilliant!! 10/10, I can not wait for the new one to hit cause it will be in my steam account that day!"
,Recommended,238010,17850931,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,[ Nobody ],"The Missing Link?Honestly, it should be called ""THE MISSING PRAXIS POINTS"".I want to kill Megan Reed."
76561198060696759,Recommended,238010,17863403,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Jediminer543,"I could write a proper review of this game, but others have already done a significantly better job of doing so. Instead I will write about my usual tactics.1. Find your self in an enemy held location2. Try to sneak around3. Fail miserably, get shot and die4. Second attempt, Guns blasing5. Die again, try again6. Thrid attempt. Stealth to cover and shoot people in the face with 10mm Pistol7. End up killing every enemy on the base8. Complete the main story, trying to find more ammo for my pistol (anf failing to do so)Also recomendation to everyone, do try the cloak"
,Recommended,238010,17861436,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Jiluto,I really enjoyed playing this game I recommend it for everyone to play
76561198113354132,Recommended,238010,17861568,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Mantis Toboggan,Do not think about it just get it!
76561198038563033,Recommended,238010,17817922,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Whip-it man!,"It's one of those games where you normally don't win in a gun fight, so you have to sneak around and mug everyone for their stuff and sell it on the black market. You occasionally kill a half robot/half humanoid here and there as well.(I really want that social enhancer so I can manipulate people in real life.)"
,Recommended,238010,17860134,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Teirdalin,"Up there with the original Deus Ex, it's an amazing game and a timeless series.  I would say the trilogy is a must-play for absolutely anyone."
76561198175566259,Recommended,238010,17353426,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,DICKSPIT,"Deus ex Human Revolution is a complex story about politics and human experimentation, which will question how far we can push technology. Adam Jensen , an ex-swat soldier is tasked to investigate the people whom attacked his place of work  at Sarif Industries as well as kidnap  his babe. Overall, the story is really good, i wanted to know what comes next , the environment felt alive but  the graphics could have been better ( DX mankind divided will take care of that) . Gameplay wise , it is engaging but trying to run while crounched is a pain and will lead to unexpected deaths. My only complaint is that i wished i played it earlier because i stopped playing it due to poor graphics after playing uncharted 2, but now that i am older, i am able to appreciate this game alot. 9/10."
,Recommended,238010,10893379,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,magicianfaustxi,"As always when I find this on sale, buy it. It's fun, you can do stealth or combat, you'll question what it means to be human, you can skim the surface or read all the lore, and deal with the fact that only a few people are actually 'evil' and everyone is just doing what they think is right."
76561198184889814,Recommended,238010,17855622,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,galactus615,i have always been a fan of the series but this one knocked it out of the park! cant wait for the NEXT installment
,Recommended,238010,17825266,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,bthaiholla,yellow tints E V E R Y W H E R E
76561198024897951,Recommended,238010,17907677,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Shaantitus,This game is just good. Damn good. Played it through so many times with so many different approaches I have lost count. First game I ever played that made me want to be a cyborg.
76561198010695660,Recommended,238010,17873472,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Trane,"DeusEX:HR is a masterpiece. Marvelous art design combines with the style of DeusEX makes the game a pretty good one. But still, under some not so good experience like:  the take down action pause the time, take down enemy costs energy, ordinary shooting experience, rough character model and rough CG scene ,I have no choice but give the game a score of 8/10. It's really worth playing and it's fun. The world is fantastic, the story is fine and the art design is pretty cool. As conclusion, I strongly recommend DeusEX:HR. Can't wait to try Mankind Divided( The E3 tralier of DeusEX:MD rock!)!8/10 for DeusEX:HRDeusEX:HR 个人评分：满分10分，评价8分总体来说还是一块不错的游戏，但是游戏过场与预告片CG相差甚远（SquareEnix尿性= =），粗糙的人物建模，不成熟的引擎，平庸得射击感，诡异的近身击倒机制都与游戏本身出色的艺术概念设计和玩法设计格格不入。但是不错的剧情，出色的设计，宏大的世界观再加上DeusEX的品牌效应，都让这部作品不容被忽视，实际上做的也确实不错。希望DeusEX:Mankind Divided能够改善这些不足。E3展上人类分裂的演示已经向我们展示了全新黎明引擎的强大实力，期待人类分裂的上架！"
,Recommended,238010,17895498,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Bee - The Scrabby Gabbit,"First played this on Xbox 360. Loved it then, love it now.A lot of games teach you to be stealthy but then it stops being relevant when you get stacked with ammo, able to gun your  way through each room. This game is different. You don't get a lot of ammo, and the enemies are very observant, so stealth really is key.Being an achievement hunter, I love finding collectables, and exploring the area fully really does benefit you in this, as you can find extra items hidden in and under boxes, as well as recieving XP for discovering hidden areas. XP that you can use to augment yourself and become more advanced in combat, stealth, speed, or hacking.Definitely recommend this."
76561198097620584,Recommended,238010,17892885,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,CakeBot,I didn't ask for this
76561198100198062,Recommended,238010,13585706,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Corneysuds,Greatest game ever made period. Thanks brah.
,Recommended,238010,13578172,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,jeantasse,It's an amazing game!
76561198002563960,Recommended,238010,14504135,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Amazing,"Aside from having no use for weapons because I'm stealthing it and some praxis perks being useless, this game is a lot of fun."
76561198045841187,Recommended,238010,14586811,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Prop42,"Its got great writing, and (relatively) fun and functional gameplay.The game takes place in a cyberpunk, dystopian future world run by megacorporations and [SPOILERS ARE ILLUMINATI CONFIRMED], in which you go around and complain to people about having bionic implants, and I can't write anything without spoiling the story in some way.Basically, its a good game."
,Recommended,238010,14588252,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,"B(x,ε) = { y∈X | d(x,y) < ε }",Great 3rd person shooter
76561197974072809,Recommended,238010,14588888,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Raimiette,Director's Cut for one of my favourite games.  All the DLC is added seamlessly to the game and the boss battles have been changed to allow a more steathly approach instead of running-and-gunning.My only complaint is that the colour filter was removed and I felt that took away a bit from the original look of the game.I have noticed semi-frequent complaints about game slow-down but I haven't personally experienced this.
,Recommended,238010,14592755,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Sneikk,Stealth and hacking?! Pretty awesome!
,Recommended,238010,14628385,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,:|,10/10 would press q again
76561198071430424,Not Recommended,238010,14630155,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Mandolore007,"This game provides a lot of detail and options for people in order to use a playstyle they are more comfortable with. There are multiple ways to achieve many of the goals and different loadout possibilities. I truly enjoyed this game and played it for hours straight. Unfortunately, I cannot recommend the game in its current state. There is a bug in one of the main missions that prevents you from continuing with the game if you have done certain side missions. The only known solution is to start a restart without doing any of the side missions for that entire part of the game. This has been an issue for a while and has not been patched, which is truly dissappointing for such a great game otherwise. If this was fixed I could continue on the wonderful experience that is Deus Ex, but I do not want to have to redo 12 hours of gameplay to get to the point I am currently at."
76561198102967654,Recommended,238010,14632301,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Golod,"One of he best games i ever played. Одна из лучших игр которая мне встречалась. если вы попали на страничку этой игры и думаете брать или нет - берите не сомневайтесь.dont know why i didnt get it in 2011 on xbox or ps3 but im glad that at list now i bought it.i must say that i didnt play orginal game so i cant say anything abot all this comments about bugs in director's cut. i ended this game already 2 (usualy i play only once) and didnt get any bug. everything working great. and the graphic insane (if dont forget that this game from 2011) lots of games that came 2014-2015 arent so good.плюсы игры:клевая графика, даже учитывая то что она вышла в 2011.обалденный геймплейлюбишь стелс?! можешь пройти игру не убив ни одного противника (не считая пары битв с боссами)можешь убивать тихо. для этого есть куча разнообразного тихового вооурежниялюбишь шутеры?!можешь убивать почти все что движется.клевая подборка оружия. начиная от пистолета и тазера и заканчивая арбалетом и лазерной пушкой стреляющей сквозь стены. причем почти все оружие поддается апргрейду (увеличение магазина, скорости перезарядки, урона). а на некоторое можно поставить лазерный прицел (который значительно облегчает прицеливание), глушитель (особенно весело с автоматом), систему наведения (на ракетницу и автомат и снаряды будут лететь всегда в цель) и тд.много улучшений главного героя. вообще прокачка героя построена интересно. начиная от обычного повышения брони и ускорением бега и заканчивая возможностью становится полностью невидимым на определенное время и воозможностью (как джедай) ""давить"" на собеседников с помощью своих способностях в далогах (чтзначтлорасшряет диапазон действий при общении с нпс). правда по началу не всегда понятно что лучше прокачивать первым, но это не минус.ну и сюжет. сюжет лично мне жутко понравился. да местами он очень угадываемый, местами немного банален, но он есть и он не ""5ое колесо"" как в большинстве игр. ты переживаешь за главного героя, за его знакомых, друзей. сомневаешься в некоторых ""подозрительных"" личностях. узнаешь получше тех в ком сомневался поначалу.минусы:внутригровые ролики (не на движке) почему то выглядят хуже чем сам графон игры - единственная странность что я заметилесли честно то мне не очень понравилась эта миниигра в хакерской состовляющей. ко всему в этой игре (замки дверей, пароли к компьютерам, система защиты) можно получить доступ ""взломав"" систему. для этого нужно сыграть в небольшую игру. так вот как по мне она могла бы быть либо более простой, либо более сложной. а так она какая то никакая.еще лично мне (любителю стелсовой составляющей) не хватило немного не летального оружия. по сути кроме ваших кулаков в игре есть только тазер (работает почти вблизи только), винтовка со снотворными дротиками (рабоатет на средней дистанции а никак не на дальней) и еще весьма спорно стелсовое оружие которое бьет что то типа звуковой-лучевой волной (которое обычно почти в 100 % всегда вызывает тревогу у ближайших противников).так же (не знаю может это как раз и есть один единственный баг который мне попался, а может так задумано) но иногда когда тревогу поднимали соседние противники, то при попытки оглушения их в рукапашной мой герой просто сворачивал им голову и убивал (по этой причине я не получил ачивку пацифист, потому что во время самого первого прохождения почти в самом начале игры убил так случайно охраника). причем это работало через раз. в один момент тревога поднята и при нажатии на удар проивник оглушался, а в другой умирал. не зависимо от продолжительности нажимания на кнопку B на джойстике.Итог:как видите среди минусов в основном больше пожелания по улучшению, а не реальные недостатки. а вот плюсов просто за глаза. так что всем очень советую. одна из немногих игр, которую я прошел уже пару раз."
76561197983784591,Recommended,238010,14632493,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,DirtyStiv,After soo meny dlc and mising part finaly all game in 1 wth all dlc and other impruments :)
,Recommended,238010,14614273,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Origin Saint,"This game, despite being 2 years old at the time of this review, holds it's own against the games of this new generation, and well.  It is still worth the retail price, and at $19.99 now, it certainly worth it for any gamer worth their mettle.  Deux Ex is a action RPG that takes place in a cyber punk dystopian-ish future.  There are plenty of choice to be made in this game, all of which will affect how the game progresses, and many different ways to handle each situation that is thrown at you.  You can actually go through the entire game without actually killing a single person aside from the boss battles.  You can play the entire game stealthily, or you can play the entire game like a human tank, capable of withstanding direct contact with a nuclear warhead launched point blank by large mechs.  You can upgrade your characters abilities at your will to tailor the playstyle to the way you want. It also retains a original Resident Evil-esque method of inventory management, having a certain amount of ""squares"" to store things in, some items taking up more square than others.  The story line is very likeable for RPG lovers and action/FPS lovers alike.  This is a must play for anyone worth their salt in the gaming world, you have to experience this game to completion and learn why it is given so much praise.  Despite being 2 years old, I actually find the graphics represented in this game on par with, or better than many of the 8th generation of games that have recently been released, this truely is a game that doesn't age.  This will become a classic of the times for sure.I rate it a solid 10/10."
76561197960446446,Recommended,238010,14603950,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Dkafamus,"A very good Deus Ex. Decent Graphics, good story, a bit of a downer ending, but overall a good Deus Ex experience. Not as epic as Deus Ex 1, but MUCH better then Deus Ex 2. Good world, you want to dwelve in and learn more about it. I recommend reading the book as well.8/10"
,Recommended,238010,13817589,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,TJester,"A great Deus Ex game, the storys in these are amazing."
76561197982807380,Recommended,238010,7602841,"Posted: 8 November, 2013",all,mediamick,"Best game going for story,content,graphics and replayability"
,Recommended,238010,13899203,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Wildin',"So this was included in the Aidos Anthology pack that I purchased during the winter sale...I personally was eyeing some of the other games such as Hitman Absolution or Tomb Raider which was included but upon inspecting my games library, I was like""Oh, I got Deus Ex Human Revolution"".I remember seeing  the playthroughs about a year back or so, it didn't really appeal to me the fact it's set in the near future where people can have robotic arms etc.I played it, and completed the game in no less than 3 days.This game is pure legal high; I can't think of anything I have come to dislike of the game.The story of Sarif Industries & Adam Jenson really had me gripped to which I have stayed all night to finish that one quest I cannot stealth or to kill this one boss with nothing but a damn pistol.Game mechanics was rather simple to master and understand, stealth is not as challenging, and it adds a great feat. to the game: SILENCES DON'T REDUCE YOUR GUN DAMAGEYou heard it hear first."
,Recommended,238010,13899637,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,"A2, 2B, 9S","Man wish I could get some of these bio enhancement for myself. Story is good can either pick good or evil, only wish is fix some quest line. Some side quest can end up crashing the game. Overall it good also wish it was more open worlded cause once you do the main line you are stuck on it and can not do previous side quest."
76561198091103584,Recommended,238010,13172382,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Giddien,"Little confusing at times, but overall really good and really long for a single player story, well worth the money!"
,Recommended,238010,13874281,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,groundzero43,Great game
76561198043879790,Recommended,238010,13915944,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,PPPPPPPP270,"As long as you come into this game as a stealth based RPG, then this game will be excellent.Trying to fight in this game is impractical as sneaking by is far more rewarding and easier. You can fight but you gain less XP and most of the enemies are armored soldiers that will kill you in 3 seconds.Now the stealth is great. The open environment allows you to go through nearly every area differently. Guards are investigate throughly when then see a glimpse of you and even get higher Field of view. The alarm goes off when people discover bodies are revive knocked out targets.When you are not sneaking through enemy lines, you talk with other people getting new information and quests. Now the persuasion system is one of the best things about this game. Most persuasion systems are mere skill checks. In this game it is a mini game where you try to analyze their personality and chose the right form of speech. Doing this right will get you an achievement and can help you make certain things a lot more easier."
,Recommended,238010,17902619,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,SteveLmx,"Hands down one of my favorite games. Only issue and all may not share it is a small stutter in frame rate but a quick Google search and a regedit can fix that in under a few seconds. I know tons of people say the first one is king and I won't deny that others say the second one was garbage but the second one was the first one I ever played. I happened to love that game, looking back I can see why people compared and said it sucked, but none the less another great game. This title however is amazing graphics, that golden dark filtering the soundtrack the acting the story holy crap nuggets what a game!!"
76561198061912207,Recommended,238010,17910888,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,CastleZ,"Stealth, action, hacker, it's all that you will be. I'm waiting for Mankind Divided."
76561198062718553,Recommended,238010,17921438,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Ichyko,-Start a new game-puched a cop-other cops starts shooting me-died-11/10
76561198061672698,Recommended,238010,17922040,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Boompopwow,"One of the best single-player games you can buy on steam. It took me 18 hours to complete the campaign without achievment hunting and minimal side quests. The director's cut makes the game look amazing, and I absolutely love the story. Jensen is extremly likable and the decisions you will make are tough ones. The combat is fun, but being stealthy is heavily rewarded. The game does have its qwerks though, there are some pretty pointless missions and boss fights are suprisingly easy. The voice acting is very good, but some characters are somewhat over the top. I don't really care however I love this game, and I can safely say I look forward to 100%ing it."
,Recommended,238010,16567534,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,SheYi,"Involving story, challanging quests and multiple ways of solving the same problem.It can gets you in many hors playing it and you won't get sick of it.Very worthy cost/benefit for its length and replayability."
76561197996347656,Recommended,238010,16508580,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Der da,You asked for this.8/10 Augmentations.
76561198024724648,Recommended,238010,16518543,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Powerful President,"This game is probably the best stealth game of all stealth games I have ever played. And with this game you actually can play whatever way you want with no penalties. It isn't ""Play your own way as long as it's this way"". The game has a very great soundtrack. There are also many approaches on how to beat a level and you never feel penalized for doing it a way. Very great game overall."
76561198075673573,Recommended,238010,16610483,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,wrygrass,"I rate Deus Ex: Human Revolution: Director's Cut 4/5. Good but oddly not as great as the original version.The add-on (Missing Link) fails to resolve any loose ends though it does flesh out some relatively minor background information. Oddly, the director's cut has many more graphical defects and bugs than the original version and as a result is slightly inferior to the original though the add-on does give the game a little bit more much needed length. The H+ option which appears to let you keep the upgrades you got the first time you play the game through (if you play the director's cut version a second time) is a good option for increasing replayability even further. This game did not seem too repetitious even though I played the original version not that long ago. But aside from an increase in the number of graphical glitches, it has the same failings as the original: Endings chosen largely according to which button you press...main character's romantic interest left completely unresolved....endings that consist of non-option options. (there's no way to simply shut off the evil signal at the end and not broadcast any propaganda message without killing yourself and everyone in the base? Silly.) but it is still a good game and the director's cut can be a nice excuse to play through the whole game a second time."
76561198013978438,Recommended,238010,16499738,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Fawar,"Director cut makes boos fight more interesting, yet its the only bad part of the game. The rest is amazing!"
76561198146765596,Recommended,238010,16505355,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,JDawgRiggz,very fun game. nice mass effect engine and story like. but enough twist to bring it to this. very fun can't wait for next game
76561198046632234,Recommended,238010,16644924,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Dzestino,"One of the best games I have played.The story, the setting ,just everything about it was great. :"")"
,Recommended,238010,12270112,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Xanders.OCFX,"Well I admit it had a slow start for me. Without all the enchancements that made gameplay much more fluid I thought thats all I was going to get. However by upgrading your character it was exciting to get better and better and by the end of the game I was unstoppable. This gave me a new respect for the gameplay in some ways. That even in the begining it wasn't a bad experience, I've just been used to call of duty lulz. The cinimatics, graphics, and characters were fantastic. There's some other Square Enix easter eggs thrown in the game as well such a Final Fantasy poster. As you learn how to use the abilities and not just run n gun it offers a great experience."
,Recommended,238010,13719587,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,REVcomm,"Almost as amazing as the first game but still really amazing.Good story, good gameplay, good challenge."
76561198044071632,Recommended,238010,13955817,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,cheekyphuzz777,You can shoot at breakdancers and old people
,Recommended,238010,13959045,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,df0,"I definitely think this game is worth buying.  I played through about have of DX:HR before the director's cut, and was extremely frustrated by the boss fights being impossible to complete without combat, which eventually stopped me playing.  DX:HR-DC fixes that.As others have pointed out, this version is based on a version of DX:HR earlier than the final build, so it has some bugs the original (patched) version does not, and is unlikely to ever be patched.  The bugs I encountered were:- 2 missing textures in one level.  The placeholders actually blended in, so it wasn't a huge issue.- one clipping bug, probably caused by crouching and an explosion at the same time.  A reload fixed it.Neither of these was game-breaking, YMMV.  Performance was fine - I played it on a r9 290x and i7-2600k, in 4K resolution with great framerates.Oh and as for the yellow tint, I found a mod that reintroduced that, makes it look like the original game, as I prefer it that way.I intend to go through and play this again on ""full chaos"", and look forward to it as it'sa a great game.  You should definitely give it a try."
,Recommended,238010,14078578,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Trykz,"A fantastic analysis of the possible exploitation of transhumanism, complete with kick♥♥♥♥♥shooting, hand-to-hand combat and stealth. Recommended for everyone if you like a great story with lot's of detail in the environments and just about everything."
,Recommended,238010,14073939,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Sports-In-Shorts,"I played the entirety of Deus Ex: Human Revolution in a week, and it was GLORIOUS!Don't worry about whether your computer can handle it, it probably can; the game runs like a champ and looks good on any setting.This game is perfect for people who like playing games with a pretty compelling story and cool mechanics. Its kind of similar to Metal Gear Solid games, in a lot of ways, which is great since MGS games are the bomb. There are ""open world"" (not Skyrim level open world though) segments that are really fun, especially because the atmosphere of all of the levels is really cool and cyberpunky.Play this game if you have a nice relaxing break or something, its well worth it."
,Recommended,238010,14078188,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,illage2,"No augmentations to allow sex with ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s, not impressed by that.Still recommend it though because its a competant game in of its self."
,Recommended,238010,14156444,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Zenphic,Incredibly fun with an immersive world and story. Love the open-ended nature of the game and its tackling of augmentations' social issues. Going stealth is the best way to enjoy the game. Beautiful world design (even if it's a bit washed out by all the grey and yellow). The Director's Cut works well on Windows 8.1 with some minor bugs here and there but nothing game breaking. Highly recommended when on sale!
,Recommended,238010,14106198,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,school (school),It's a game.The original verson is better.
,Recommended,238010,17583231,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Blackbird,Very good game that is faithful to the original Deus Ex. Nothing beats taking everyone down and hacking everything in sight. Only thing I didn't like is that ammo occupies inventory slots thus making rare weapons undesirable.Director's Cut also integrated Missing Link very well so no need to play them separately pointlessly like in original HR.Being able to stealth boss fights is the best improvement.
76561198041777195,Recommended,238010,17887341,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,WaMi,"It's fun to play, with a lot of upgrades from the previous installments, but I feel like nothing will ever match the classic original Deus Ex"
76561198035755930,Recommended,238010,10383428,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,xtreealex,"Ok, I'll start this review by saying that this game is one of the best games I have ever played in my life. Granted, I can't compare it to the original version of DXHR as I have never played this version. From what  I can tell though, this is just DXHR with better boss fights and the Missing Link DLC implemented. Some people have complained about performence issues and glitches. Personally, I made it through the intire game with no frame rate problems and I don't have a great PC. As for glitches, well I got a fairly memorable one where, just after reloading my last save the camara zoomed in on Jensen's♥♥♥♥♥♥for a moment whilst I was in cover and blocked the HUD. However, this only happened once in the entire game and was solved by a quick reload of the save file. I got no other noticable glitches for the rest of the game.Oh yeah, and the storline is deep and layered with social commentary. The gameplay is a joy to behold and the charactors are extremely memorable. The writing is pretty good to.10/10 would be forced to stare at Adam Jensen's♥♥♥♥♥♥again."
,Recommended,238010,17900961,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,paul funyun,ILLUMINATI CONFIRMED10/10 WOULD BE SPOOKED AGAIN
,Recommended,238010,12319734,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Commander Hairgel,i didnt ask for this...
,Recommended,238010,17912123,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Futurism,"already 15 hours in and i haven't even finished it, and i'm still enjoying it.that is how awesome this game is (nowhere near as awesome as the original deus ex, though)"
,Recommended,238010,17903530,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Kevin Bacon,"Dank game, hard to take the plot seriously once they mention the illuminati though. Also the cutscenes are pre-rendered and somehow look ♥♥♥♥♥ier than the game?"
76561198198341037,Not Recommended,238010,17880771,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,TaDaXiS,"This game could be good without stuttering,because stuttering in this game is not news..Very dissapointed..Atleast i wasn't paying full price......"
,Not Recommended,238010,17952142,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,wackybosco,"I am into story and roleplaying.  I just could not get into the story nor the role.  Gameplay is okay, frustrating at some times."
,Recommended,238010,17985933,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,leo,gg
76561198009977352,Recommended,238010,17981766,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Big Banana,"Entertaining, great atmosphere, but the augmentation system can be a little underwhelming at times - Which is a shame, considering its central role in the game structure.Gunplay could be better but is fun nonetheless, and a little more balance might be necessary with regards to the stealth/action elements (too much stealth, and don't get me wrong, i'm a big stealth fan).However, this game stays fresh and constantly interesting because of the regular change of scenery."
,Recommended,238010,16954971,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Quigley Down Under,"One of the best games I've ever played. The graphics are gorgeous, and the plot is deep and very heavy with awesome dialogue and voice over work. Runs smoothly with lots of graphics options. It's the perfect game for anyone into good hard science fiction. Draws influence heavily from Terminator, RoboCop, and Blade Runner. Honestly a must play."
,Recommended,238010,16967928,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Epical_Medical,An excellent game that lets you play your own way.
76561198058473669,Recommended,238010,16903990,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,BrownBread,"Good game, but too short."
76561198030607210,Recommended,238010,17930132,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Spirit,"This game is amazing. You are allowed to make decisions for yourself. All of the decisions that you made have various outcomes. The gameplay is heavily based on stealth and ambush, taking out enemies out one by one. Storyline is very great and enjoyable. I highly recommend anyone to get this game as I got this game for $4.00 only when it was on sale."
76561198087097078,Recommended,238010,17930415,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,zeddemore83,"Deus Ex is/was one of the greatest games of all time. Human Revolution is not better than Deus Ex. Glad we got that out of the way.It's a pretty solid game in its own right. Combat and stealth both work pretty well. The story is pretty engaging, especially in the beginning (the last act seemed to peter out). There was a staggering amount of work that went into environment/level-design/artwork; perhaps more work should have been done on the NPCs' behaviors, I dunno.I liked the aug progression and choices. The takedown system was underdeveloped/hackneyed (time stops while you perform an overly elaborate, cool animation--meanwhile the bad guy's buddy is looking at you with a drawn weapon but entirely frozen throughout). Weapon choice (like the original) felt limited--you never get an assault rifle that feels powerful.To me, there aren't any glaring flaws other than it fails to live up to the near-impossible standard of its progenitor."
,Recommended,238010,17977589,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,mortal_ammo,"It's a prety hard game. But in the good ways, It gives you the sense of challenge few games offer. Does anyone know where the mising link is?"
,Recommended,238010,17926311,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,LanceL,"The first 1hour into the game was boring, but after that, if you play stealth approach, it makes the game alot fun."
,Recommended,238010,17939945,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Bo0N,Would reccomend this game to anyone who loves rpgs and stealth games.  A mix between crysis and metal gear With mass effect like converation.  Well worth the 3 dollars i spent on the game like 2 Steam sells ago.  Just now getting to play it
,Recommended,238010,17936052,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Ajundra,"A masterpiece with a lot of edges. Still, go get it! You won't regret it."
,Recommended,238010,30529161,Posted: 15 March,all,Kengoji Ultam | Youtube,I Never asked for this
76561198124170602,Recommended,238010,18009845,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,narrow,i  love this game  it is one of the best games that i have seen i give it a 4 out of 5 .  and on the AMD gpu 200 it is good and  cpu FX it is great .
,Recommended,238010,18001659,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Capital_G,"This game is the best in the series, and u should get it."
76561197977260302,Not Recommended,238010,18042270,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Wibble the Obscure,"This is a BRILLIANT game... but it has some pretty nasty bugs that make it all but unplayable. If you search for a fix you find that there are many many pages of people all struggling to understand why this game has been left essentially broken.In my case, after 2 hours of looking for  and trying every option i can find (including modding the game) i have to quit. I cannot get it to work - and this is on the final battle after struggling for the past 37 hours to get the Pacifist & Fox Achievements.I just keep getting a fatal crash with the ""Ran Out of Saved Memory' Bug.I <3 this game but it is broken and the Devs have little to no interest in fixing it. I cannot recommend a game that one cannot complete due to bugs"
,Recommended,238010,18044268,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,NeDix!,"God, 4 bucks that totally WORTH, thx off :v, and now i am complelety sure i am gonna pay full price for Mankind Divided.Pro-Story,-Side Story-Hide Story-the entire gameCons-Boss r easy (:3)rz-The damn memory save bug before the final boss xDi know theres some better graphics game out there, and even with better combat and stealh mechanics, but who cares.Deus Ex is a very legit series"
,Recommended,238010,18065114,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,The Drunken Mexican,"I got to say that I really had a lot of fun playing this game. All though keep in mind that this is my very first Deus Ex game. I have read that this game is not as good as the very first game but this game still holds up. Its a great game and I will recommend for any deus ex fan to buy it. Also the fact that this edition has a ""NEW GAME +"" makes it a great game to replay and see how much you can change the situations. My only complain is that as many people have said before. There is really no reason to not go stealth in this game. Theres always a way around enemies, especially at the beginging missions. But stilll Deus Ex Human Revoltuion is a great game and you fight the Illuminati so keep that in mind."
76561198097848751,Recommended,238010,18050783,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Pineapple Owners Union,I love this game so much. Especially becausde you can save whenever you want to.
,Recommended,238010,18081508,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,nathanjohn16,An all round great game!  dues ex set after a terrorist attack sees you take on the role of adam head of security for sarif industries after he has been augmented.the game does allow exploration and story line can be shifted based on how you react to a situtaion and conversations between game charcters.i have personally played this title on ps3 and can honestly say on PC there is no comaprison.......Graphics look great in full 1080p HD and game still runs really smooth on this highest graphics setting.Game renders really well and gameplay runs smoothly also great to this title in its hd glory.i would highly recommend this game with its combination af guns and augmentations boats for a really epic gaming experince!!
,Recommended,238010,18077744,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Oaksmoke,"I didn't really like the initial release of this game. But I thoroughly enjoyed this new Director's cut. I can't really put my finger on what it is but I just liked it way more this time around. If you're like me, revisiting this game is a good idea."
76561198110219072,Not Recommended,238010,18074736,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Newb,"Now I do like this game. A lot. In fact, id give it a solid rating, 7/10.It has great gameplay, but unless you don't care about story, i can't reccomend it.I'd much rather a shorter version was available, as this game dragged on, and i got to a point where i'd had enough. It took me about 18-20 hours to get to a point where i got completely stuck, and this ruined my experience.If this had multiplayer, or some other huge replay value, it would have the reccomendation, and teh visuals, soundtrack and story combine well for the first 14-16 hours. But it should have been no longer than that. Really, you can just watch some well edited 3 hour movies on youtube of this. Great gameplay, good story, but too long.7/10, but not reccomended"
,Recommended,238010,18075848,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,1randomdude4,"Boss fights for this game are everything I've heard...and less. But other than that, I find this game really enjoyable. The world is extensively fleshed out, with the ebooks providing even more lore, and I'm constantly exploring every little alleyway hunting for secret passages and hidden items.The combat shines in some areas, and is just plain confusing in others. If there's an achievement for getting zero kills, then why is non-lethal ammunition so few and far between? I got 8 tranquilizer rounds at the beginning of the game (which in itself was too little) and I was always having to scrounge for more ammo, and when I did find some, it was usually just one dart.The keyboard controls work very well for this game, I haven't had many problems with them. They're a lot more conducive to stealth gameplay than, say, the Hitman: Absolution controls.All in all, this game was well worth the buy."
,Recommended,238010,16910504,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Harambe,Set fire to my♥♥♥♥♥that was good as ♥♥♥♥
76561198137668000,Recommended,238010,15604859,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,prittmatthew,"Overall i think DE:HR - DC is an awesome game and would recommend it to anyone.  I am now on my 3rd playthrough and still enjoying it.  First playthrough was the run and gun since i was still learning the game.  When i started the 2nd, i was trying more for the achivements (pacifist being the hardest i think.  Should not have killed the guys in the prologue before your augmented oops).  I kind of like how you have a certain amount of inventory space.  Makes you really decide/choose want you need and dont need.There are a couple downsides to the game but they really didnt affect me that much. Just very annoying:1) Boss fights are WAY, WAY, WAY to easy unless you choose to use a very underpowered weapon.2) Bugs/glitches-mouse would not work/ could not click on anything. (had to save then load game to correct.)-could not pick up items at times.-HUD and item bar would not display or be displaying in the wrong place on the screen. (had to save then load gameto correct as well)"
,Recommended,238010,15559606,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Cletus Van Damme,This game is awesome! A must buy for fans of the original Deus Ex. One of my favourite games of all time.
,Recommended,238010,15617928,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,CannedLizard,"Amazing game, terrible ending."
76561198092208466,Recommended,238010,15618442,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Stormblessed,Great game.  Only wished the game rewarded you more for being a crazy berserker instead of a stealthy pacifist.
,Recommended,238010,15597051,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Vi,This is a good game~
76561198055411235,Recommended,238010,15532284,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,"I am a Scrub,",Faze Clan approved!
76561198079609585,Recommended,238010,15533385,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Ｆ  Ａ  Ｔ,"I never asked for this....But after playing just for the music, it made me realise something.Is this what the future holds for us?Is Mankind going to be Divided whilst augmented soldiers wage an Invisible War whilst we're to caught upto even raise a L.I.M.B?Probably not, we'll all just be punching walls with robo-fists."
,Recommended,238010,15311788,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,SpaceInvaydr (Road To 1K),I never asked for this...but I saw it on sale and thought ♥♥♥♥ it why not? Best purchase in a while
,Recommended,238010,15313540,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Red-Eye Jedi,"I like the way this game strokes the shaft and cradles the balls. Mmmm, feels so good"
76561198030648494,Recommended,238010,15293002,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Soulless,"It's a good game, with solid mechanics and great story. It offers many different approaches to getting through each map. The only thing I don't really like is that the textures aren't always very good."
,Recommended,238010,15293563,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Vecion,"Different Customizations... different Approches to any situation.. Sneak around undetected.. or just go in guns blazing .. are you the Killing type, or a Pacifist?  Up to you how you handle each objective.  DONT rush or you might miss something."
,Recommended,238010,15390671,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,HyakuRaven,Its a Good game.I love the style/design.I dont play many stealth games other then MGSbut this one is almost has good IMO.For sure worth it if its on sale.
76561198097360369,Recommended,238010,15391212,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Majki,"Good and interesting story, a lot of mystery. Gameplay is good, classic stealth but level designe is great and you will have choice of how you want to take down guards, or do you even want to take them down? Game can also work as cover shooter, it is harder, but not impossible. Leveling system is good addition to stealth, I liked it, and those upgrades may reveal new paths for you, for example there is upgrade for picking up heavy objects, or punching walls. Graphics are ok, nothing special. Decision making is there, whatever you decide to do will influence the game. I recommend it."
,Recommended,238010,15394416,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Dairen,"Slight bias as this was my favorite game of the generation along with Arkham City.Fantastic game. Beautiful, enveloping atmosphere. You are given very satisfying freedom in approach to any given mission. Gameplay mechanics are smooth and the story is top-notch.Only disappointments are boss fights being pretty much pushovers in every case.Edit: Beat the non-director's cut so mostly in reference to that plus improvements made by the rerelease."
76561197971073368,Recommended,238010,15394583,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Chocolate Hobnob,"half-man, half-machine, what does it mean? what does it mean?......well, upgraded legs up, then went down the shop to buy tens ♥♥♥♥"
76561198090339484,Recommended,238010,15330044,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Overlord(Eiyuu),Awesomeeeee
76561198076766174,Recommended,238010,15331071,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Backie Gougename,"I know I haven't played it much on the PC, but I did play through the story on Xbox, it is one of the greatest games I have ever played...and I have played alot, the story is terrific, the graphics are amazing, the dialogue is out standing, the weapons are astounding, and the augments and revolutionary.  When I first played this game on xbox when I saw a top 10 video game cyborgs list and Adam Jensen was number one, I soon rented this game and was really sad when I had to return it without finishing it, as soon as I returned I went down to the Walmart and bought it, and let me tell you, I never regreted it.  I truly fell in love with the characters, despised the boses, and got very intrigued with the story, and got blown away by the ending.  All in all my verdict is 10/10 would sell my best friend's soul to relive the first time I played this."
76561198088392978,Recommended,238010,15331456,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Ze German Fox 狐,"I got it for 80% off. I never asked for this, but I ain't even mad."
,Recommended,238010,15481695,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Sovereign,"10/10 Absolutley amazing, cant wait for mankind divided."
,Recommended,238010,15481867,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,FrankenPC,"This is how good this game is:  It actually causes distress trying to figure out how to spend insanely valuable augment credits.  The balance is SUPERB.  The skill tree (with a few notable exceptions) all add to the game in fascinating ways.  You can replay this game over and over selecting different skill tree paths and having a very different experience.The short of it is this:  do you love ARPG's?  Do you love stealth FPS's?  Do you love deep storylines with crazy twists?  Are you patient?  This game demands crazy amounts of patience.  If you said yes, then buy it.  Even in 2015, this game holds up unbelievably well.  I'm adding it to the my very small list of games that are art.  Games like Fallout 3, Skyrim, Portal 1/2, Half Life 1/2.  Fantastic investment at 20$.  You just can't fail.Would I change ANYTHING about this game?  Yes.  It needs fast-travel.  I spent most of my time running from one place to another.  That gets old.  Fast travel is an absolute must for any modern game."
76561198043969280,Recommended,238010,8376341,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,eoLithic,32h to complete this on the 1st run. Great game
,Recommended,238010,8539424,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Magnum P.I.,"I pidcked up this game at the 2013 winter sale, but I was thinking about buying it since it got out. I already played like 20+ hours with it, and it was really fun. The story and the in game discussions are great, the game is fairly challenging imo, but its a bit linear and the bigger ""boss"" fights are a too predestined compared to the rest of the game. If you really like sc-fi or cyberpunk novels and dark, story driven RPG-s this game is definetly worth a shot to try out."
76561198075581768,Recommended,238010,8632159,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Gyu,"Brillant game, and it just never ends."
,Recommended,238010,8632868,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Pimp Daddy Love Muffin,The best refrigerator murder simulator game on the market.  Would gladly massacre again.  21/17 hats.
,Recommended,238010,8634358,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,General Spam,"A truly amazing game, full of detail and full of lore. I went into this game never playing the original ""deus ex"" or the original version of ""deus ex human revolution"" so did not really know what i was going to find, as you can tell from the first line i liked what i found. The game took me around 23 hours to complete and i plan on replaying the game on new game + mode."
76561197995217572,Recommended,238010,8636997,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Ipseitet,"Deus Ex Human Revolution plays out in a cyberpunk future where humanity is conflicted by the ramifications of augmentation technology; integration of cybernetic hardware into the human body, capable of enhancing virtually anyone's abilities to superhuman levels. The scope and extent of such modifications, providing fuel for transhumanist aspirations, is contrasted with caution against its possible dangers raised by concerned parties. This sets the scene for the major conflicts in Deus Ex's world, and the game puts you in the middle of it as protagonist Adam Jensen, who gets involuntarily augmented, and thus must come to terms with augmentation technology both on the personal level, but also on his mission as an agent for one of the world's major augmentation technology developers to uncover a plot against them, which is gradually unraveled to be much grander in scope and threat. This approach however is somewhat liable to make the player biased in favor of augmentation, and I don't feel that anti-augmentation concerns are very believable or persuasively portrayed.The story begins well off, but soon looses steam and coherence, leaving you wanting for more convincing motivations for the game to direct you to the next goal. At one point Adam aptly (and unintentionally ironic) remarks “that doesn't make any sense”, which was just what I was thinking at that point, but you're not allowed to raise questions and must blindly rush towards the next plot point, sometimes making Adam feel a bit stupid as a character (his behavior during certain cut scenes is also highly questionable in that regard). The plot is compelling enough, but I just wished it had been better paced and accomplished a bit more before having to spill all the beans only just before the very end. The ending itself I felt was unsatisfactory, feeling vague and a bit rushed. The end level is also inappropriately easy compared to how powerful your character is likely to be at that point, and considering it's supposed have a horror feel to it (mentioned in commentary track) totally takes the air out of that balloon.The dialogue is sharply written and well acted. The game has several so-called “social boss fights”,  where you must choose the must appropriate responses in a semi-randomized dialogue to persuade your opponent. These are generally more interesting because how well-acted they are compared to the traditional boss fights, which have already been much criticized.The bulk of the gameplay consists of 3rd person stealth action and cover based shooting, but the player can choose between (or combine) many different approaches based on character customizations, specializing in stealth, hacking, shooting etc. by buying augmentation upgrades upon leveling up. You also choose between killing enemies, knocking them unconscious or completely avoiding them. Unfortunately the game incentivizes certain play-styles over others (favoring non-lethal, stealthy, hacking) by awarding different amount of XP. This can compel players to hack all computers and explore all air vents to maximize XP gain. The upgrades are also too widely varying in utility. The hacking minigame is fun enough, but I don't think the contents of the emails you can access through this is very interesting to read generally, and there's so much of it (but you don't have to go through them).The graphical fidelity is fairly mediocre but is much helped by excellent art direction and attention to detail, which I would almost always favor above more polygons and better FX and shaders.The Director's Cut edition integrates the Missing Link DLC into the main story adding some 3-4 hours to the game. It's a good quality DLC but puts a bump in the game's difficulty curve – suddenly more difficulty and when you're back on the original track it's suddenly way too easy. The DLC content also has a different (higher) level of polish to it, which you feel when you finish it and return to the regular game content.Additionally the Director's Cut comes with a commentary track (not enabled by default btw) for those so interested. It provides insights into the iterative process of game design and is worth listening to if you already have played through the game. It also provides the bonus mission and extra weapons DLC.And for the record: I cannot compare it to the originals because I never played them.Strong pointsCool cyberpunk universe with great atmosphereOffers multiple approaches to obstaclesGreat art direction with environments rich in detailWell acted dialogueSpans across multiple compelling themesWeak pointsBoss battles forces you into combatPlot could have been better paced and structuredSome augmentations are basically worthlessEndgame is too easy and story ends on a flat noteGame rewards certain play-styles higher but promises “free choice”Grade B+Overall I found the game very enjoyable and fun, but there's several missed opportunities which drags it a bit down."
,Recommended,238010,8684264,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Appluq,I DEFINITELY ASKED FOR THIS
76561198047801001,Recommended,238010,8643197,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Kaniner,"I like the options of how to play the game. I prefer stealth and ran pacifist on the first play, but you can run in guns blazing if that's your style. Don't like hacking? Find the codes written down. Weak endings, but I enjoyed the game. ""Here, Protagonist, I present you with choices that affect the world. Now sit back for some narrative and stock images!"" Reminded me of the Mass Effect 3 disappointment.  Really not a fan of endings that tell me nothing about the characters or world I was just involved in.  I also find the whole debate of augs (a main plot point) a tad silly. ""It isn't natural!"" Neither are glasses, cars, or electricity, but I don't see those people living as hunter/gatherers in the woods. I'm saying we should all be Robocop though.  I digress..."
,Recommended,238010,8643341,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,POUND,Good game. It's like Metal Gear meets Ghost in the Shell.
76561198096089767,Recommended,238010,8646881,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,primax1983,"If you love Cyberpunk settings, if you like RPGs, if you are passionate about the compelling storylines in video games this is definitely the game for you. I played the original on the Playstation 3 from top to bottom and when I heard about the release of this Director's Cut I decided with my eyes closed to savor this little cult game industry. The graphics are not amounted to very high levels, but as we all know is not this part that makes the games a success. The characters are well-structured and characterized not to mention Adam Jensen. Fund audio great for when I'm concerned with audio tracks in style Cyberpunk as I had never heard in a videogioco.Intelligenza enemy AI a bit above average but still enjoyable. You may end up with either a stealth approach that with a Rambo style a little pleasing everyone.Looking forward to another chapter in the series of Cyberpunk 2077 and I can not recommend this title."
76561198084983331,Recommended,238010,17995241,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,♛ BrianSvK ♛ #NEVERGIVEUP,Very nice stealth game :)
76561198067964893,Recommended,238010,18057848,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,DesertFox20591,"nice characters interaction introduced into this sequel with Social Enhancement augmentation,yet i hope to see the next game to features more complex interactions that hopefully affects the current missions and eventually the whole story scenario"
76561198120324555,Recommended,238010,18127143,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Butternubs,"Pros:I have never played a Deus Ex game before, and I chose this one due to the modern graphics, good reviews, and, to my shame, simply because the main character, Adam, just looked damn cool. I was not expecting as much of a great game as it turned out to be. The story was very well done, and the stealth and combat system was very engaging and fun. You can choose to be lethal, or completely nonlethal for any and every hostile encounter. You can even choose to be completely nonlethal throughout the entire game, and this changes some diologue and outcomes. The main thing for me, however, was the persuasion system. while not really that difficult, It allowes you to negotiate and persuade people with actual dialogue options instead of a Fallout or Elder Scrolls style ""you need ""x"" skill level to succeed"". It serves to really flesh out characters and make it feel like you are actually trying to convince someone to do or not do something.Cons:Jensen's batman voice.Overall, 10/10. fantastic cyberpunk game with FPS, Stealth, and RPG elements."
76561198025895062,Recommended,238010,18132462,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,mrb_youkay,"GREAT game!Be patient ... It takes a little while to get used to all of the features ... as with any good game.  (And then I was addicted).I had many hours of highly enjoyable play.However, I would have loved to have had even more.I would have instantly bought any add-ons or dlc's, if they had been available ... but sadly there arent any :-(Still a really great game though :-)"
,Recommended,238010,18140426,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,DarkJedireaper,"Okay, so I put off playing Deus Ex Human Revolution for a very long time, and I am perhaps a fool for doing it. What we have here is a finely crafted First Person, Role Playing hybrid without the complexities of a full on RPG like Fallout, or not quite as simple as Call of Duty or Battlefield.I am sorry to say that having owned it on both PS3/Xbox 360 and now PC, I played it a little but I was initially put off by the games visuals on the console version of the game. This stigma would keep me away from this startlingly well realised Sci-Fi future for several years. Though I was disappointed that the visuals were not of the Cut Scene quality on PC, like one might have expected when the visuals at first glance appear quite basic too (or at least, appeared to be the same as the consoles on my laptop).Where do I begin. The visuals take a while to get used to, but while seeming dated initially, do a fine job of telling the story and showcasing the action that is on offer here. This is not an open world game, but gives you a sense of freedom that games of the Call of Duty ilk just do not do.Initially after playing an hour or so I was aliking the game to a quasi-Mass Effect in First Person Shooter format, though perhaps not as complex in it's story telling at first glance; as the game progresses how you interact with those you meet, and perhaps how you approach certain situations can have wildly different effects.Early on in the game, when you are finally given a little free time and the ability to persue some side-quests, you can run into Adams past so-to-speak (his ex-colleagues), how you treat them can have very different effects on your personal story and the way others might percieve you later.Jerky character animations for NPCs when you interact with them can sometimes make you feel odd as they talk to you, but if you ignore this, then no problems here. The game is visually striking, with and structure and setting that harkens back to Perfect Dark on the N64 for myself. The game gives you the freedom to tackle objectives however you want, and does require a little thought, and caution. Go guns blazing if that is your thing, take the non-lethal approach, or dismember your opponents in a gruesome (for this kind of game) hand-to-bladed-arm-hand combat, or take the stealthy long distance or just pain sneaky approach, it's all available.I have only scratched the surface of this game and will continue to play it till the end as I haven't finished the game yet.Highly enjoyable, free form FPS action with RPG overtones, so far I score it 8/10"
76561198050854811,Recommended,238010,13627836,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Monopoly,"This is one of the best games I have played in a long time. Engaging stealth gameplay, spot on progression and leveling system, and full story."
,Recommended,238010,13649896,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Simplexcrane,A great game with thoughtful design and a captivating story. If you like moral choices twists turns and solid gameplay then this is the game for you. Found I had to rebind a few keys but that was more of a personal preference than an issue with the control scheme.
,Recommended,238010,13654271,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Nahbien,"Dystopian Cyber-Punk themed FPS with moral choices, an RPG style upgrade system, fantastic graphics with excellent voice acting and music.  What else can you ask for?"
76561198029432282,Recommended,238010,13647158,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Plank,"Normally, I don't write reviews for most games I play. However, Deus Ex: Human Revolution - Director's Cut has earned my utmost respect, and absolutely warrants a review. In DE: HR - DC, you play as Adam Jensen, a security specialist that was supposedly killed in a barbaric laboratory break-in. With an incredibly strong connection to Mass Effect 2's beginning sequence, the advanced technology that the 2020s has brought to Adam's employer, Sarif Industries, has made it possible to revitalize and restore Adam into an augmented lean mean killing machine.From here, the story continues into a multitude of twists and turns that I would have never seen coming. The story is truly what keeps DE: HR - DC afloat in the stormy waters of game critics and players alike, as it is extremely relatable and can easily be the medium for modern society's downfalls and uprisings regarding the ethical and moral boundaries of what technology has and will progress to.The combat(ive exploration) is another fantastic aspect of DE: HR - DC's mastery of the RPG genre. There are a plethora of ways to approach each and every non-combative/combative situation the game presents, such as ""Do I want to kill this guy with a silenced pistol and then perform a double-takedown on these other guys"", or ""Hmm, I could throw a frag mine into this doorway so that once I snipe that heavy gunner, I can make my escape safely through the vents"". This combined with the countless customizable weapons makes for a truly unique combat experience - every time.Moving onto the most exciting part of the game, the augmentations. Since Adam has been augmented, he can upgrade his abilities in various ways to best suit a particular playing style using upgrades called Praxis Kits. PKs allow the player to dynamically alter Jensen's abilities, from being able to fall from any height and follow up with a stunning ground-pound, to simply having more armor to take a considerably larger amount of damage. But how are these abilities made possible? To what extent does it help? The in-game descriptors, painstakingly detailed by the developers, explains exactly how each ability works using real-life scientific facts and propelling the way the player thinks about how each ability can be logically and viably used - not only in the game, but in real-life. I found myself constantly thinking about how awesome it would be if scientists and experimenters could take off of DE: HR - DC's mesmerizing theories and invent said technology! It's that mind-blowing!Overall, Deus Ex: Human Revolution - Director's Cut is an unbelievably good gem in the RPG world that exemplifies what humankind really has in store for the future, whether it be a modern capability or a far cry into the future."
76561198020092583,Recommended,238010,13648315,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,NullPointer,"One of my top 5 favorite games of all time.  Part of that is because I am a huge fan of the cyberpunk genre, but mostly it's just a fantastic game.  Fantastic gameplay, good story and a truly believable world that makes you care."
,Recommended,238010,13598289,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,[GzMo] Sigurs,Loved it. :)
,Recommended,238010,13601944,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,「GS」,This is awesome! Definitely recommend for cyberpunk fans and lovers of the story line in games.
76561198042058468,Recommended,238010,8009678,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,GoonRacer,"Best game ever. I recommend it first over anything else I have played. I heard the original make of this game was very glitchy, but in this version, everything flows smoothly. There are so many different ways to beat each part of the game that you could replay it 10 times in a different way each time.I like the NPCs. Whether it's a bad guy or random civilian, they always have funny things to say to each other. When Adam talks to them, he always has an attitude like ""I can't believe I have to deal with this idiot."" It's the best."
,Recommended,238010,19921035,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,ParallaxScroll,good atmosphere. more stealth focused than the first deus ex but overall a nice game
,Recommended,238010,7455542,"Posted: 23 October, 2013",all,"The Shogun of Sorrow, Aku","- This contains the Missing Link DLC, as well as some major changes to boss battles so you can hack or stealth your way out. The price is discounted if you already purchased DE:HR and/or TML."
76561197980057324,Recommended,238010,19922484,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Raukier,"For those that like the cyberpunk feel/asthetics and a RPG with dialouge, skills etc, this is a must have. Different from the previous entries in the series, but very good nonetheless. When i started this game, i didn't play anything else until i finished it. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,238010,30660241,Posted: 21 March,all,xP,Excellent action/stealth game in a futuristic setting with an amazing plot and characters! The gameplay mechanics are fun and unique.
,Recommended,238010,19814823,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,pip,"Really good game, ended up taking me 12 hours to run through it.  Was a big fan of the origional invisible war."
76561198039651932,Recommended,238010,19800628,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Noleggeisha,"Excellent storyline, cool character and multiple endings, my kind of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Some people complain about difficulty, that is just funny. Get yurself a cool weekend of entertainment."
76561198143517109,Recommended,238010,16861426,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Slick as Heck,really good
76561198098893433,Recommended,238010,19988266,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,sc,"Eng: The closest I've ever been into a cyberpunk movie.Esp: Lo más cerca que he estado dentro de una película de cyberpunk.Juegazo.Eng: Hopefully DE Mankind Divided doesn't suck and one of these days someone make a modern remake of the first Deus Ex. And I don't care about the yellow filters, it gives the game some aesthetic identity.Esp: Ojalá que DE Mankind Divided no apeste y uno de estos días alguien haga un reedición moderna del primer Deus Ex. Y no me importan los filtros amarillos, le da al juego algo de distinción estética."
76561198243766014,Recommended,238010,19965807,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Ryan,"I love this game , This game recommneded for those who love to achieve skills and be free in the game . Beside that have wonderful mission .... The sad thing about this game is that it won't be last long ."
,Recommended,238010,19858382,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,TheBarnacle,One of my favorite RPGs of all time and a worthy entry into a great series.
76561197970314861,Recommended,238010,20124858,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Hobo Johns,The boss fight changes and addition of commentary make this a fantastic re-release. A great way to play through an already great game all over again.
76561198010700126,Recommended,238010,20131193,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Thorbrand,Originally played this on the PS3 and it was great then and still an excellent game now and for less than the price of a happy meal definitely worth it.I usually play FPS games using the keyboard and mouse on the PC and generally it feels better but with this game it does seem to feel better using a game pad with dual analogue sticks.The thing i love about this game is the choice you have of going in guns blazing or trying to take everyone out using stealth
,Not Recommended,238010,20014501,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Breaker,"WATCH OUT, BEFORE YOU DISLIKE MY REVIEW PLEASE READ! IS IMPORTANT FOR ME TO TELL US ALL WHY I CHANGED MY REVIEW AND GIVE IT A DISLIKE.[EDITED REVIEW]I'm really disappointed whit this game right now... A game that has a lot of potential... Ok sorry for the sadly start. But i just finished the game today and I fell really disappointed because i ended the game IN 2 GOD DAMMIT DAYS... NO LESS THAN A FU***** DAY 17 HOURS REALLY!?The game just have 4 Boss Battles 4!? YES 4. The History of the game throw to the trash at the end, theres is no conclusion, no answers and no ♥♥♥♥ing satisfactory ending...I loved the game for how the praxis upgrades can change a lot the way of how you play the game and feel it, a lot of potential throw for nothing... a lot of decisions, a lot of encounter feelings and this is what I get!? A -24 hrs game whit no satisfactory conclusion and not a good line story trail!? God dammit.If you want to buy this game, wait to the steam offers, because this sucks really hard.I just hope that Mankind Divided isnt gonna be the same that this game.Veredic : 7/10[FIRST REVIEW]This Game is like a mix of Metal Gear and Resident Evil 4. And taste soo good! Really this game is great, i was playing this game for 4 hours in a row whitout stopping.History : An enterprise Sarif is making an evolutionary tecnologity that can be used as human parts, You take the role of Jensen an EX-Swat badass Solid Snake clone and his gf. The History starts whit Jensen and his gf, they are walking and talking about the labs and stuff, Jensen had to talk whit his boss, and then some mercs invade the enterprise or lab whatever Jensen undraw an Assault Rifle and goes to save his gf, BUT WOOOOO PLOT TWIST the mercs wasent that easy and they are SUPER ROBO MERCS because they arent cops...And they kill the gf of Jensen, also Jensen is also rip because of the SUPER ROBO MERCS, he gets Roborekt and he is ready to kick♥♥♥♥♥and get some ♥♥♥♥♥es, ok no, he wants revenge and stuff.Gameplay and Hud : The inventory and gameplay remind me a lot of Resident Evil 4 and Metal Gear i dont know why, but the gameplay is based on stealth and take advantage of cover in the most of the cases you can get cocky and being rambo but when theres more than 2 enemies you have to be really careful whit your actions.DECISIONS : This is one of the most important thing of the game, evry stupid decision you take has weight on the game, and in your character... Like you wanna be an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥? Ok you are an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, You wanna be a super hero which justice is your weapond? Ok go ahead!Graphics : This game is a little bit old but damn it looks pretty good!Funny thing : You are the most badass character of the game, you eat a chocolate that you steal from a toilet from a Police Station.Veredic : 9/10I'il finish the game, and i will update my review, if you got the money don't think in buy it, JUST BUY IT GOD DAMMIT!"
,Recommended,238010,20127767,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,m0f0x,"I played the first DE 3 or 4 times. This one, I played twice. It's not as good as the original, but still very good."
76561198025557188,Recommended,238010,10549956,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Birch,It's Ok
76561198021430942,Recommended,238010,20110068,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Eyesicle,"pending.....still playing  ,but it's good ^^"
,Recommended,238010,20183001,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Sam Spain,Can be enjoyed as an FPS but it's real strength is when played as a stealth RPG. Whatever the playstyle it still lends itself to being a very fun and easy to play game with pretty visuals and a cool cyberpunk style. A lot of the dialogue is naff and the character animations are often stiff. Forgive the rough edges though and it's a decent game to sink some time into.
76561197976332820,Recommended,238010,20143735,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Motown,Best game I've played for $5!!!!!!
,Recommended,238010,20254424,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Queen of Hearts,Punching people in the face and eating candy bars : The game
,Recommended,238010,8954248,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Badongkadong,"This game needs no introduction, it is a successor to the original Deus ex although it is a prequel. It embodies all the great things of the first game whilst maintening a fresh appeal. Suffice to say if you call yourself a gamer, then MUST own a copy of this game."
,Recommended,238010,8954816,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Yuri AF,"""It's Skyrim in the future."" -IGN"
,Recommended,238010,8955109,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Muskrat Love,"I love Deus Ex and Human Revolution was a good addition. This game combines the DLC to the main story and adds commentary. THe commentary is abundant and at times very funny. If you are a Deus Ex fan, and have 5 dollars to spare, I would certainly suggest picking this up."
,Recommended,238010,8955129,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Squazify,This is easily one of the funnest games to play if you are into stealth. The story line tries to get you to question things morally and does a decent job at it. It's semi-open world and  has lore as shallow or deep as you want. If you dig around enough and are perceptive enough you can find huge plot details just in the first room. Overall great game.
76561198003653507,Recommended,238010,8955555,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Motsuke,Unique art direction & atmoshpere
76561198049893680,Recommended,238010,8955584,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,ebrace9960,"very good  game would like to see more. i see jensen escaping , Panchea, thru a tube going up to the escape the water, continuing the good fight, add more areras. more ammo. unable to use some because there is too little or not enough. unable to upgarde weapons , not enough for all weapons , more damage, silent snipe weapon not very effective, regular one to noisy no ammo. you can only fully up grade 1 weapon, a real pain huh. am maxed out on bio mechanical up grade have extra  90 praxix kitts. can not use them ...."
,Recommended,238010,8955723,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Dimbeak,'S cool.
,Recommended,238010,8955880,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Elliot,Best sun glasses.
76561198088855592,Recommended,238010,8955935,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,RJK JR,If your looking for a FPS with good graphics and action this is it! But don't pay anymore than the 5$ special for it....This A.I. is the same as that of Hitman Absolution! Why do I say this? Easy the same guys did this game as did Hitman. The A.I. fights just like Hitman problems with corners and if you go translucent to be undetectable the game reacts as though your not! Beware!!
,Recommended,238010,8957512,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Dennarb,"Fantastic story driven game, it is by far one of the best sci fi games out there and one of the best stories i have seen. Highly reccomended for every player, especially if you're a sci fi nerd like me."
,Recommended,238010,9050322,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,DolgVlaPet,"I highly reccomend you to purchase this edition, if you are more interested in challenging gameplay. Differences between original and ""Director's Cut"" are small, but still, they do some difference in crucial points of the game. Sometimes, giving you a certain advantage, sometimes, making it more challenging. Also, graphs are a bit more polished than original, if you are into bling-bling, instead of the good story of this truly incredible game."
76561198093763236,Recommended,238010,15545718,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,xYuriHentaix,mmmmmm
76561197975750027,Recommended,238010,15759698,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,lloobee_4,"I'd say this game is itself a seminal point in the evolution of entertainment.Don't get me wrong, it has it's downsides. DE2 shrunk the environments compared to Deux Ex; at some points it feels like they have done more so here.But in the end, who cares ? Human revolution is, at it's heart, a piece of interactive fiction. If the interations is maybe a little weaker than the original Duex Ex, I'd argue the fiction is stronger. In addition, it probably has one of the most awesome soundtracks of any game to date. Perfectly choreographed to the story and the action, Just check out the sequences on Eliza Cassan if you doubt that.""Be careful Adam, because everybody lies.""So, from where I'm at, I loved the story, I played it through to the end, and it was a rewarding experience."
,Recommended,238010,15765112,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Alexandra Erenhart,I play it just to look at Adam over and over again. Can't get enough.
,Recommended,238010,15281776,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,nebremek,"At the discounted price from you possessing the original DE: HR, this game is worth it, combining Deus Ex and the DLC together and actually allowing you extended boss fight sequences where you can actually sneak around the boss and find alternate ways to win.  Overall a great game that you wish the original game was."
,Recommended,238010,15205364,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Satekh,Yup.
76561198021994882,Recommended,238010,15210665,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Deathtacurls,Great game if you enjoy stealthily moving through an area all while taking out every single guard.  The boss fights are one of the biggest downfalls just not very difficult. I enjoyed that the dlc was included but just didn't care too much for it overall a great game nonetheless.
,Recommended,238010,15659347,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,E5150_Julian,"Solid RPG, just wish the maps would have more sidequests in them"
,Recommended,238010,15663214,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Rob,"I owned the original DX:HR and loved it, and every change made by this version only improves it. Odds are you already know the original was great and that DX:HR was pretty damn good as well. When I bought it they offered discounts for people who already owned Human Revolution, and I assume they still do that now. That's a business practice I'd like to see more companies emulate.If you liked Human Revolution, this is a refinement. If you liked the original Deus Ex, this brings HR more in line with the feel of the first game.My only real quibble is that violence is technically discouraged, but being a free-roaming game you're obviously allowed to make your own decisions in that regard. Don't buy it if you're looking for a simple, straight-up shooter, but pretty much everyone else will find something to love."
76561197989443431,Not Recommended,238010,15663926,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Cute,What the ♥♥♥♥? How am I supposed to masturbate with a mechinical arm? What an assnuts game
,Recommended,238010,15653477,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Frawns,"My review for the original game:""Definitely one of my favorite games of 2011!Choose how you want to play through an intriguing story as a cyborg agent, using your augmented abilities to help you uncover the truth.Deus Ex: Human Revolution is not without its flaws, but overall it's a great game.""This still holds true, and with ""The Missing Link"" integrated in the Director's Cut, it's an even better experience."
,Not Recommended,238010,15703544,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Therian,"This is a game has great content, but why the negative review? It has a massive amount of technical problems. graphics, game play, and so on. before its time really. and sadly the director's cut while adding more great content, doesn't address a lot of the game breaking bugs."
,Recommended,238010,15708269,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,PandaAteMyFace!,"Enjoyed the great story, rich world, and loved the mechanics for sneaking around. The modeling for characters could've used more work, especially during dialogues."
76561198030407476,Recommended,238010,15710627,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,ΜΟΛΩΝ ΛΑΒΕ,"Yes, just...yes."
76561198044236173,Recommended,238010,15714413,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Ma's Adopted Homophobic Pet Nunu,Got my best mate Swannie on this!10/10
,Not Recommended,238010,15715248,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Grant,"I'd love to write a review of this game but I couldn't make it run. My drivers are up to date. I set all the gfx settings to the lowest options I tried it at 1920x1080. I ran it directly from the .exe and I tried Windows XP compatibility mode and ran it as administrator. I disabled my antivirus and finally revalidated the cache, even though I only installed it a few minutes ago. Save your money and buy something else this thing is terrible."
,Recommended,238010,15739960,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Basic-Jelle,One of my favourite games. Amazing story and characters. The gameplay is top notch.
76561197977154371,Recommended,238010,15719113,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Cruddi,"Yo,This game is fantastic, I have played this game across all platforms just because I enjoyed it that much, this particualr version is PERFECT I can't stress enough how much better this version of the game is compared to the original editon, the mechanics do not seem any different, the major difference is the boss battles (as I am sure you would have read by now) in the original you had only option... Gun FIght but now you can stealth away or hack some items (such as turrets) which help turn the tide of battle, which is my persnal favourate option.Now a quick list of + and - first up ++Great graphics+Huge fleshed out universe+Some good abilities+Intresting story+Plenty to see and do on the side+Big environments which can be explored with many different paths (vents, roofs and walls which is cool the first few times)+Well animated/Cool stealth takedownsNow the --Some useless abilities-Not many weapons-Unable to silently kill with takedowns-DLC is not implimented well, feels weird as you loose all your ability points up to that pointAnything i've not mentioned it is fine and not a problem."
76561198010361964,Recommended,238010,15726730,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Normutsk,"A few rare bugs (firing from cover without aiming not advised although the recticle shows that you should hit your enemy) but such amazing storytelling. The combat is great, choices feel very hard to make and stealth and hacking is amazing. If you like stealth, an FPS, an RPG, Cyberpunk themes, semi-open worlds or an amazing storyline you should really give this a try."
,Recommended,238010,18769063,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Extra ＴＨＩＣＣ,Just get this game it wont dissapoint
,Recommended,238010,18784313,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,sydos21,"This being probably my first stealth game I've ever played in my entire life, I wasn't very good at it but it definitely was a great great experience.You play Adam Jensen, who's an ex-swat security guy in one of the leading research facility. The main objective is to protect the team of scientists who are supposed to present a groundbreaking research, but the facility is attacked by a group of people and everything changes for Adam after that. He barely makes it by undergoing major augmentations to his body and now he's hunting for answers.The game mechanics were extremely good, story-line was amazing as well. Through out the game there are several ways of getting an objective done. Missing out or not completing secondary objectives don't change te game a whole lot but would definitely make it easier. Even the boss fights had a couple of different approaches to them.There was a lot of 'loading' involved as you play in different areas/districts which gets kind of annoying after sometime. No major glitches. Alot of gametime spent in air ducts/vents, lol.I give it a solid 4/5"
,Recommended,238010,18782791,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Scottator,"Amazing game! Cyberpunk mixed with some Metal Gear Solid. A few different ways to play through the missions. I feel stealthy, non-lethal makes you feel like you accomplished a lot more. Played this all the way through a few times on a couple different systems. Well worth the money."
76561198183705411,Recommended,238010,18783044,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,xstendo,Very nice top notch game play no complaints!!!!
,Recommended,238010,18619180,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,JHC,"Put on a trenchcoat, and fight some conspiracies. Get experience and level up abilities!!!"
76561197999819604,Recommended,238010,30575960,Posted: 17 March,all,DIBBLE MUNT,Good game but damn its so yellow im pretty sure im playing this game while looking through a pint glass filled with lager
,Recommended,238010,18683438,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,BlazingBasil,I totally asked for this10 augumented thumbs outta 10!
,Recommended,238010,18681856,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Sicarius,Best game of the seventh generation
76561198098395422,Recommended,238010,18669941,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,mind_geek,"Infinant replayability. Well worth 60 dollars, much less 20"
,Recommended,238010,18664716,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Exris,"Well made gameplay and storyline, the sotry is not so unique, but still ineresting and lures into endings."
,Recommended,238010,18787967,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Greco,
,Recommended,238010,18791676,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Mango_Channel,"Deus Ex: Human Revolution is an RPG where you play as Adam Jensen, an augmented human who worked for Sarif Industries as the head of security.  As you go from place to place, you will slowly find the truths about augmentations.  You can play this games in a multitude of ways from kill everything you see, to not get seen by anyone.  This game has a variety of augmentations from extra jumping power to cloak.Pros:This was a great game.  I especially enjoyed the storyline and the way things were presented.  The game didn't just spoon feed you the storyline like a lot of games did.  I have played through this game multiple times and have enjoyed every one of them.Cons:I felt like it wasn't as much of a choose your own adventure type game as the first Deus Ex.  I also wish there were more side quests to keep you busy in city hubs that can take a while to get around, especially if you don't know where you are going.Conclusion:I personally would recomend this game to anyone who is thinking of buying it."
,Recommended,238010,15791350,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,deryck,"For me it is definitely one of the best single player games.I like the looting and augmentation upgrade system, because of which I played the game slower, paying more attention to the environment. I enjoyed the story with all the little decisions you can make. The soundtrack is great.The overall ambience felt extremly fitting and well conceived.There is actually nothing bad I could tell about this game.Thumbs up for this. Well done Eidos Montreal!"
,Recommended,238010,15792059,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Crimson Corsair,Do you like Robocop from 1987? If so you would love this game
76561197968780022,Recommended,238010,15794885,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Ultack,Amazing game with loads to offer any that would like to face a good challenge through a really good story.   Almost every missions offer many different path to solve them.   For the price you will get a bang for your buck.
76561198000807394,Recommended,238010,15797000,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,notafan,yeah.
76561197978646283,Recommended,238010,14526413,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,WaywardDwarf,"I absolutely recommend this game.  It is an absolute MASTERPIECE of gaming.  This is a game I will never forget.  I just finished it again.  And I'll play it, AGAIN, without killing anybody this time.  The replay value is outstanding.  The Story is fantastic.12/10FREAKING AMAZING I LOVE YOU EIDOS MONTREAL."
,Recommended,238010,14530438,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Lombax47,"An amazing game, definitly a must play!Deus Ex was a an amazing experience for myself, the game is a 1st person shooter with a normal amount of weapons to choose from. There are ofcourse special weapons because we are in the future, but nothing to crazy. Though there are the normal weapons we all know and love, from snipers to tazers and even mines.The game offers a selection of gameplays, you can be a ghost which no 1 sees but everyone fears leaving no survivers or you could rush in and kill everyone like a maniac. You don't have to kill anyone (excluding bosses) in the whole game. On that note, I do find the bosses are a bit overkill seeing as you could almost kill any guard or person with a shot to the head BUT a boss can take thousands of them. Bosses are bulletsponges which makes taking them head on a problem. Your only other resort is to use your enviroment.The enviroment is really nice giving it a open world feel and it basically is one, but it's limmited to a certain city. But later you travel to other citys where you can again explore the world. Though you can only travel to a city if your quests take you there. Houses and apartments can be raided or scavanged to find some real nice things from time to time. Which is nice, this is also good for gaining XP and upgrades.You can hack into safes or pc's unlocking secrets or treasures, and if it's a security terminal with the right skills you can take controle of turrets and robots. You can also switch off camares or laser alarms in your way that could give away your position.You are a x cop which has some mechanical enhancments which is cool seeing as it makes sense that you could upgrade these and the become superman like. But nothing overkill, making the game to easy.The story is interresting and does not get boring or to dramatic. The game is also quite long which is nice, I required about 60 hours to complete it, but take note I scavaged almost every single possible room :P.Graphics are just fine, the interface reminds me abit of counter strike but you soon get use to it if you are not use to it.Sound is good, fits the scenery. No problems from my side.All in all I found the game really fun and would definitly recommend it to all my friends! 9/10"
,Recommended,238010,14716040,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,LaFaille,I never asked to love this game so much ...
,Recommended,238010,14718442,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Davmen,"Overall good game mecanics, with an exelent story and imersive setting."
,Recommended,238010,13566595,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Dmitry Odd,"All were afraid that cars will replace people. In next ""Deus Ex "" everything is much more awful than Human Revolution - the person replaced god.I not when didn't ask about it... Favourite cyberpunk 10\10http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=361600394"
,Recommended,238010,14707533,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,marshon,"Very fun, and also more challanging than most Fps games."
76561197994982897,Recommended,238010,14710373,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,TTM,Great game 9/10Full x360 controller support!
76561198022420699,Recommended,238010,14713667,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,kingillings,"Quite the story. This game is for those who enjoy games with a compelling narrative as well as the ability to make decisions through conversation that can change the tide of how a game will play out. Quality design and fun to be had, along with the decision to play as Rambo, running and gunning through each level, or as Solid Snake, sneaking around enemies and knocking them out. My only chirp against this game is the weird feeling of disconnect between the first-person perspective that you're used to and zooming out to third-person when given the chance to hide behind cover.. All-in-all though, really good game!"
,Recommended,238010,14436677,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,KiNG CARLOSvV,Ittttttt's great :D
76561198071464984,Recommended,238010,14459763,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,MotorboatinTitties@SlappinAsses,"One of my all time favorite games, play stealthy or devastatorizingly, or do a mixture of devastator incarnate and ninja assassin.  Either way, you will get many playthroughs of this brilliant game.  After you pass the first two missions, the world opens up and it becomes like a mostly open world RPG with FPS/Stealth elements.  The hacking is fun and takes skill and if you are going to get the Ghost acheivement, it takes serious committment and skill, along with lots of trial and error.  If you go through areas not killing or alarming guards, you get LARGE experience bonuses that will allow you to fully augment yourself pretty much on the first playthrough, at least all the important stuff.  Ghost as many portions as you can, and you will be an unstoppable cyborg.  I recommend the hardest difficulty from the beginning.  This game is for sure in my top ten.  I wish they would do another one like the original though.  It was more open, but this one has its advantages over the original, plus the graphics are more modern than the first. Hopefully Eidos will go back to their roots or at least stay true to Human Revolution in the next Deus Ex installment.  This game has some of the most epic levels and stories you can find.  You won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,238010,14431299,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,"Dude, where's my car","I have never invested more in a character since Mass Effects' John Sheppard. The conflicts are there, they explain clearly why you have to do various actions throughout the game. Your choices at key times really DO MATTER, and you will see it in the endings.Adam Jensen is one of the most complex characters I've ever played, and his background story is rather fascinating. You should try to do all the sidequests to uncover his story, it will be worth your time, I ensure you.Also, try to read all the e-books and emails you come across, as they offer you lots of information on the lore. From a medical standpoint, the story and the way augmentations work makes so much sense it's actually a bit scary. If you decide to uncover al the story and background of your character, you will not regret it.As for the Director's Cut, I believe it's worth the money. I had tried the previous version of the game from a friends account and my laptop struggled with it. With this version though, things are running a lot smoother, on the same settings I've used before. I really runs well on low spec hardware, so you might give it a try.All in all, the game is worth buying and I consider it's a must play if you're intrested in a good story."
,Recommended,238010,14433585,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,oprocketman,"I love this game,more than any other game ever made.I'd actually go as far as saying that this was better than the original deus exinfact, this game is really just invisible war + Deus ex 1, really it is.While the story falls apart as soon as ""THE ILLUMINATI!!11"" is mentioned,It's a good story for what it isThe stealth mechanics are surprisingly solid, more solid than dishonored's, I can tell you that for a fact.The gunplay mechanics are alright, but the cover mechanic just makes it too easy, especially when coupled with the target reticuleThe side quests are terrible, there is no question about that. The developers themselves admitted itWhat disappoints me however,is that this game could have been so much more,I can tell that eidos really really wanted to make this the next big thing,They wanted to make better side quests, they almost made upper hengsha a playable locationthey wanted to have a better AI,etcBut sadly, the engine just wasn't cut out for that.This game is still very very good. I cannot reccomend it more.And now since Eidos has a new engine and a library of assets to work with,I am almost certain that the next game in this franchise that they make will be great.I would buy the next game at launch at 60$ if it was anywhere near as good as this one."
,Recommended,238010,14452114,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,PIZZZA,"i've lost count of how many time i've finished this game, before it was even on steam, i know every corner and every secret, but still when i first saw it on steam store, i just couldn't resiste becasue it was on sale, this is one of those games that you will never get bored of it,EDIT: i've seen other gamers's reviews concerning the game's validity, i can assure you i've not yet encountered any bugs, the game works well and the graphice is just like the original one"
,Recommended,238010,14574693,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Cilizadam,"Good characters,good gameplay,great stealth,and didn't see any bugs,buy it."
,Recommended,238010,18708421,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,rvertigo,Got it on sale. More than worth it. Rather fun cyberpunk game.
76561198144387198,Recommended,238010,18585511,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Maniac,The game that I so addicted! AWESOME!!
76561198083196778,Recommended,238010,18607990,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,This is Jon Snow (Sens),"Deus Ex: Human Revolution is a game about Adam Jenson, who never asked for this. After surviving a bullet to the head, Jenson is implimented with Military Grade Augmentations. He can lift dumbsters, jump really high, and turn invisible. The only problem is that Jenson's doctors that put the Augmentations in him didn't do a good job of putting a decent power supply in his♥♥♥♥♥ So every time Jenson punches someone in the face, he either has to eat a box of candy bars to regain his energy or wait 4 minutes for his solar powered♥♥♥♥♥to absorb energy and let him punch once again. Thankfully, the one thing that the doctors got right was to stick an antenna into his brain so that Jenson gets his daily dose of Buzzfeed garbage and voicemails from his boss asking why he called in sick 5 days in a row instantly."
76561198171650738,Recommended,238010,18780961,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,mikej72.mc,Great game for an old fart like me
76561198031607392,Recommended,238010,18751878,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,dravencross,One of the best games ever.
,Recommended,238010,18809648,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,[Game NerD],"Great!! The true successor of one of the greatest games ever made that is ""Deus Ex""!!"
76561198000001293,Recommended,238010,18831816,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Exponential Monkeys,"Such a great game. Fun to play, but definitely not for those run-and-gun types. It can be done, but it's very difficult. It's much more a Metal Gear Solid feel. I have to say that I love the hacking aspect. The only downside is the random boss battles. You play through the whole game, being rewarded for not killing people and being sneaky, when suddenly you face some big burly dude you have to run, hide, shoot, hide, shoot, hide. Oh, and he kills you super easy. And you can't use your hand to hand skills. Bleh. Otherwise, I love this game."
,Recommended,238010,12287751,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Cryoreaper,"absolutely love deus ex, a great game that is underappriciated by many. the third-person stealth style of the game may not be for everyone but it is an absolute gem.the good:- many different weapons (each upgradable)- multiple approaches to each problem- good rpg mechanics- fun once you understand how the game worksthe bad:- not for everyone- some achiements are really hard (no one spotting you through the entire game)try it. it may be just what you where looking for. 9/10"
,Recommended,238010,14671243,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Trooper Thomas,I never asked for this - game to be so god damn amazing10 silenced sniper rifles/10 revolvers
76561198073133002,Recommended,238010,14672693,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Mekarth,Broke into someone's home and slaughtered them with their fridge... 10/10
76561198178111435,Recommended,238010,14673041,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,66666666666666,"What makes the game different is the story itself, I felt like the story is similar to the classic intellegent robots, where people object intellegent robots, except here, some people object we humans enhancing ourselves artificially.Generally the graphics is great, however 1 things really annoys me, the tranquilizer has no cross air for u to aim, it's really annoying when u try to snipe people off, but u can't u have to do it really close range!"
,Recommended,238010,11298155,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Ya Boi KODAK,fun game
,Recommended,238010,14742434,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Gooch,"9/10, A great game overall. You Should get this game.-36 hrs on my frist playthrough with a normal difficulty setting.. I killed maybe 80% of the enemies throughout the game but I still got a ""Good"" ending.- The only bug I experienced was during the Cloaks and Daggers mission but there is an effective solution for this so it is not a big problem.- The game can be played with different play styles: stealth (lethal or non-lethal), Rambo mode, or mixed. Just be sure to get the right upgrades to suit your play style.-This is one of the most immersive games I played.-The combat is also neat though most of the time I take down enemies one by one with a silenced pistol, It is usually a bad idea to go rambo in this game.-A great stealth game. For me, this game is harder than ""Dishonored"". It will be much harder if you try to go for the Pacifist Achievement.-The AI are not that great (In my experience in normal mode).. Easy to exploit (stealth kill, hide if alarmed, repeat). The boss battles can be done quickly with the right trick."
76561198083312886,Recommended,238010,16005561,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Saitama OPM,"This game was amazing. Wow. I just now beat it, and it very well is giving Half-life a run for its money in my number 1 favorite game position. If you love games for the story you honestly can not get any better than this. The plot was so deep and so complex. It was just amazing... I can't think of any other word for the game. Now I am extremely pumped for the new Deus Ex: Mankind Divided. I can not wait.Even if you do have to pay full price, this game is worth every cent. 10/10. A score like this doesn't come easily from me, I am very picky with how I choose my favorite games; you won't find any COD on my list.I will give you a warning though. If you don't like to think and just like to mindlessly shoot, this probably isn't for you. This game requires a lot of time and tactics. If you like mindless games I would recommend that you stick to games like COD and Serious Sam.To me though, this game was worth ten times the amount I payed for. If I would have known that this game was so amazing I would have willingly dished out $60 for it.Once again 10/10."
,Recommended,238010,16033392,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Nico_11_Riv,A really good story -> a really good game... Really nice to play!
76561198081664372,Recommended,238010,16038447,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Storm,THE BESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSST♥♥♥♥♥
76561198119472539,Recommended,238010,16045666,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Martini,"Stealth is not an option... its the only way you can really finish the game because jensen is extremely fragile and im ok with that! i love stealth! hell, i didnt kill a single person the entire game (apart from boss battles)The cyberpunk atmospherics are great, gameplay is excellent. if you like the thief series, dishonoured, Hitman etc... you will like this one.if your more of a shoot-em kinda gamer. this ones really not for you.But i think the best thing about deus ex is the story and the way it  subtly unfolds with the gameplay."
76561198120540428,Recommended,238010,15935594,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Spreelly,much yes
,Recommended,238010,16066407,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,map,This game is masterpiece. And the music soundtrack is amazing.
76561198017080185,Recommended,238010,15881728,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Xeos,"After a combined total of 110 hours between the standard edition and the director's cut this is my impression...There are really no words that I can use to describe this game, besides maybe ""mesmerizing"".  Everything about it draws you in; the atmosphere, the music, the progression of your character and weapons.  You can handle situations in so many different ways, and there is always an alternate route to traverse in an all areas.  The only thing that detracts from this game is the lack of a competent AI. I wish they would enhance the AI to enable enemies the freedom to follow you into vents, to make smarter choices of where to seek cover, increase enemy awareness and exponentially increase the sophistication of tactical choices they utilize.  Although, the mere implementation of squad based maneuvers in this game would probably be sufficient to provide an actual challenge to most players.With that said, there is no hesitation in my recommendation to purchase this game immediately!  I eagerly await the next installment!"
76561197981196624,Recommended,238010,15922592,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,The Distorted,Got XP for going inside a food cupboard.10/10 would go inside a food cupboard again.
,Recommended,238010,15972533,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Rain7x,You are missing out if you have not played this game.  Hands down the best game I've ever played.
,Recommended,238010,15977303,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,PissedGroundhog,"More game like this please! Good music, good story, good visual, good mechanics."
76561198034059324,Recommended,238010,15989976,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Esoteric_Erik,"This is a great cyberpunk stealth game.  There are multiple ways to play this game and each one has its own charm.  The controls are great, the graphics are good, the game play is awesome.  The only let down is that this director's cut has poor optimization.  There are periods of slow down and some textures such as the cars on the streets of Detroit look ugly.  The original does not suffer from this from what I heard.  If I had it to do all over again I probably would just buy that one.  Unfortunately steam no longer sells it.  The Director's Cut doesn't add much in my opinion.  A few new ways to beat bosses that are unnecessary and a DLC campaign that slows down the plot and doesn't really add anything to it (BTW you will get back all your upgrades at the end of this mission so don't fret).  This version also has a double barrel shotgun and a silenced sniper rifle.  The double barrel is easily replaced by the revolver and the sniper rifle isn't worth the space it takes up in the inventory."
,Recommended,238010,16111149,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Pidgin can't right click,"Stealth gameplay, visuals, and sounds are all superb.  I personally don't enjoy the Missing Link DLC and am disappointed I can't skip it to continue the main game."
76561197981361837,Recommended,238010,7618701,"Posted: 10 November, 2013",all,AMZ.Pontianak,"One of the best games has only gotten better. If you haven't played Human Revolution, you really should."
,Recommended,238010,16089790,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,COCKpit,"If you like shooters, RPGs, conspiracy stories, or damn good games you owe it to yourself to play this game. There is more to praise this game for than I actually care to type out. I don't call many games a must play but I'll make an exceptionA MUST PLAY! BUY THIS GAME!"
,Recommended,238010,15854032,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Kensonaga,Ghost In The Shell: The Video GameTENOUTATEN
76561198014841749,Recommended,238010,16321689,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Forged Rain,Very fun game with great stealth and hacking mechanics. Only complaint is head on combat isn't feasible for play on harder difficulties. 11/10 will play again and purchase sequels.
76561198083823297,Not Recommended,238010,16321865,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Daring Dashwood,"I preordered this back in 2013, excited seeing my favorite game to be on PC but better. It turned out to be a mess once I got my hands on it, mostly due to the low-end desktop I had at the time.It's now 2015 and this game is still a mess. Laggy, bugged up the butt, and very little fixed what so ever. Even after the so called ""patch"", this game is still frustrating to play because of how unpolished and rather lazily put together itstillis. I now have a pretty good computer that plays games at a acceptable pace, but this game still struggles after two years and one patch.Since Mankind Divided is coming soon, maybe another patch will be made addressing more issues or maybe they'll overhaul the entire thing where it isn'tusing a very old build of the regular game.Until then, I do not recommend this game at all.GG, Square Enix. GG"
,Recommended,238010,11322799,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,DanPhyronix,I asked for this.
,Recommended,238010,16785898,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Retro-Pixel-Lizard,Truly the greatest prequel of all prequels to anything that did nothing wrong.
,Recommended,238010,7477218,"Posted: 25 October, 2013",all,Lewd rabbit,I didn't ask for this again
,Recommended,238010,9228683,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Ophenius,"I normally don't get that invested in a single game since I tend to jump around between games frequently. There is something special about Human Revolution as I can't stop replaying the game and try different ways to approach situations. It's a game about humans augmenting their bodies to enhance various aspects of themselves. It's not so much science fiction as it tries to portray a realistic view on humans constantly adding unnatural enhancements. There is a good deal of moral choices and political issues that plague the world. This is a very complete experience as I felt satisfied with everything.All in all, this is a fantastic game, and I think this is one of my favorite games in the past few years. Though, this is quickly becoming one of my favorite RPGs of all time as I am in love with everything about Deus Ex that this game had portrayed."
,Recommended,238010,9234362,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Remitoid,"Fans of older classic games usually have strong opinions on remakes, sequels and prequels. I didn't see why the original Deus Ex was considered to be so perfect and thought of it as an ""OK"" game. Not great, but enjoyable. Seeing the praising reviews for the prequel, I got interested, as I'm always looking for good RPGs.The RPG elements in this game are solid. The character clearly becomes stronger towards the end of the game, there are often several approaches to completing tasks and the dialogue is interesting. Common approaches include stealth, hacking security consoles and computers, gunning everything down, finding hidden paths and talking people into agreeing with you. Or some combination of the above.There are some elements that are a bit weak, though. My main issue is the mid-3rd of the game, when the story progresses very slowly. The player is sent to different places only to be told several times that ""the thing you're looking for is not here, but you could find it over there"". The game also has a nasty habit of making the player run back and forth by putting objectives at the opposites ends of the same map. This is especially annoying for a stealth character, as they need to sneak past all those guards again. The Missing Lind DLC is the worst example of this. When looking at the plot, The Missing Link DLC is probably the most enjoyable part of the game.Other issues include boring side quests, generic items and the lack of choices. The side quests are too generic and since the reward is often just some XP and money, it is difficult to get motivated. There are a few unique weapons, probably less than ten, which is too little and removes the anticipation of finding better gear for your character. The armor can be upgraded, but only through experience, not items.There are some times when the player can make a choice that affects the rest of the game, but these choices seem very insignificant to the main plot.The graphics are OK, although a bit boring at times, since the yellow-black combination is used too much. The sounds, voice acting and music are much better and fit the game well. Especially the opening theme is great.Those who wish to find out what happened before the original Deus Ex should definitely pick this one up, as there are several references to the original game. All the gameplay elements, such as shooting and stealth, are well implemented, making the game enjoyable to play. It's the story (or rather the pace of it) and some of the RPG elements that are lacking.6/10"
,Recommended,238010,9463786,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Namelus,"One of the best, if not the best games I've ever played. I can't even begin to talk about it.Get it now. If you don't. Kill yourself."
,Recommended,238010,9464237,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Jair-,"Since I haven't played the other games, I speak only about this one, which is really good!! The augmentations are nice, animations too, and guns are cool too. I would give a 9.0, the story is quite intriguing but Jensen's personality kinds of makes me crazy, maybe on the next playthrough I will get the social enhancer to see if it changes things.Recommended!"
,Recommended,238010,9465941,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,brains_omac,"Gameplay is similar to Metal Gear Solid if it was a 1st person view, storyline was amazing, though the graphics look like belong in perfect Dark n64 wasnt overally impressed by cutscenes.  Main Character Adam was interesting,  I didnt like the game at first but after getting into it was alright.Was going to give this game a 5 but the soundtrack to this game is amazing ranks close to Mass Effect 2 in soundtrack!6/10"
76561198079058194,Recommended,238010,9466113,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Faithful Steed,"Fantastic game. The feel of this game really reminded me of the first game. I really don't see anything bad about this game. I never experienced any kind of bug, the graphics and gameplay are great, and this game also has a solid story. 10/10"
,Recommended,238010,9640602,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,el chupacabro,"Stealth elements are fun. Fully upgraded revolver is incredibly OP, kills everything (including bosses) in a few hits. DLC integration feels more like a big detour but the DLC boss fight is the best in the game."
,Recommended,238010,15245635,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,EXiTiUM,Does not live up to the original Deus Ex but does carve it's own future out of a relic. Having beat this game a couple of times I can safely say that a sequel would be welcome. This game is worth your time and will repay you with an experience like no other modern game.
76561198052756241,Recommended,238010,15247080,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Eyliess,"This game is amazing, this was my first Deus Ex game so I can't comment on how good it is compared to the others, but It is an awesome experience, the mechanics are excellent, the stealth was great, and the addition of the New Game + was also very cool, I highly reccomend this game, with my only dislike being the boss fights, which did not revolve around stealth, but apart from that, I don't have any complaints, and I never experienced a glitch.It's a very challenging game, but it is extremely fun."
,Recommended,238010,15217517,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Jalten,The story is great and I liked that you can choose mostly everywhere between stealthy non lethal and stealthy or noisy lethal methods to complete the missions.
76561198116069754,Recommended,238010,15268815,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Harambe DinduNuffin,how the fak did this game installed with a single handjob.
,Recommended,238010,15269232,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Happy_Alien,"One of the best games in last years. Very well combined action and RPG with rich story. DC is even better with Missing Link ""included"" in one piece and redesigned boss fights. :)"
,Recommended,238010,15269421,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Dewritos,"If you are not playing the game on Give Me Deus Ex difficulty with stealth mode and not killing anyone except the bosses, you are playing it wrong."
,Recommended,238010,15270771,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,AlexWIWA,"I have bought this game for four of my friends and I bought the regular DX:HR at full price. So I think that explains how much I love this game. Other people have written very in-depth reviews, so I am just here to cast my vote."
76561198010098984,Recommended,238010,15244810,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Rheimus,"I do love me some Deus Ex, this fixes quite a few problems I had with the original release.The content that should have been in the game to start with is now there (for the love of god don't strip content to release as DLC, ramming your middle finger up your audiences bun hole would be better received).Your ship has been renamed and no longer spells boobee but beeoob (maybe this one was just me but I swear in earlier versions of the game its serial was B00-8EE) :(Bosses are ""better"" still not quite up to the standard of the original game, however I understand that due to the limits of the game it is not possible to change much about these.Overall this is a much better experience of an already great game."
76561198127982316,Recommended,238010,15186408,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Wulf,Very fun game.
76561198081384993,Recommended,238010,15228455,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Spysenberg,"Too much fun throwing refrigerators at people, I forget to accomplish anything.-12/10 would murder innocent civilians with a refrigerator again."
,Recommended,238010,15232071,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Pendleton,"Its hard to put this game into words... I enjoyed every part of it there was not one moment where i wanted to stop playing, the story just kept on pulling me back in.If you enjoy Half Life, Portal, Mass Effect, Walking Dead, Wolf Among Us or Farming Simulator 2013 this is the game for you!This game contains 30+ hour campeign, 3 boss battles all amazingly remastered in directors cut and 12 different endings depending on how you play!It also coveres many different gameplay aspects like Fps, Tps and hard conversations.10/10"
76561198071293890,Recommended,238010,15291439,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Kris_Goodies,"I really loved this game, but I would recommend playing it on the hardest difficulty to begin with. Doing so will force you to look at all your available options to proceed through a level instead of going in guns blazing and thus give you a more enjoyable and challenging experience. It is definitely one of my favorite games of all time."
,Recommended,238010,15443390,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,björp,to stealth or not to stealth?11/10
,Recommended,238010,15449633,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,HereticBlood,This is honestly one of my favorite games.  Through out the game you are forced to make decisions that can be game altering for both your character and the Deus Ex universe.  You can make any playstyle that fits you from hacker ghost to running around with a heavy machine gun taking on the world.  The metaphorical value of this whole game is amazing and I'm proud to own the whole series.
76561198167300456,Recommended,238010,15451005,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Spike,"Brilliant prequel of original Deus Ex game. Atmospheric, story-rich, non-linear, well-worked characters, smooth gameplay. Awaiting for Mankind Divided.."
,Recommended,238010,15463118,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,polloman15,"you want to♥♥♥♥♥♥off the iluminti, because that's how you♥♥♥♥♥♥off the iluminati"
76561197985619918,Recommended,238010,15368061,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Capo di tutti capi,I never asked for this...but I got it anyways...and it was well worth the purchase. Nig improvements over the original game. 10/10
76561198031500370,Recommended,238010,15236561,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Kronos,You get robot arms and legs.10/10 would play again.
,Recommended,238010,15236808,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Bänkt,"It's a really good game, the soundtrack is amazing and really fits the atmosphere of the game, the maps and layouts allows for many different playstyles."
76561197970576581,Recommended,238010,15237027,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Mirai,Good
76561198125522643,Recommended,238010,13247037,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,bobinox,"For the price, this represents an excellent value. It would not be worth a full price. The core gameplay is good and the story is fairly compelling. Navigating the world is a chore due to over-reliance on using the map to get around; expect maze-like corridors and little else, even in the few areas where this game attempts to deliver on its promise of an ""open world."" The stealth and gunplay are a little bit too easy, but they are fun. Hacking turns into a chore if you want to unlock everything, but it's basicly a well built minigame and so long as you don't go overboard trying to get every computer you will most likely enjoy it. Character progression is well paced and satisfying. The lighting in this game is dark all the time. I think you only see the sun once. I recomend for $25 or less."
76561197995423438,Recommended,238010,13454508,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,lureynol,"I, like many Steam users, have more games in my library than I will ever play, but I still keep coming back to Deus Ex: Human Revolution. I've played through it twice, and even now I'm contemplating another play-through, this time attempting a perfect, no fatalities run. I find the game has a thoughtful depth and open ended-ness that, now that I've experienced it, I miss in other games. I won't say DE:HR is perfect, but for me, it's as close as a first or third person game has ever come. After my last play-through, I installed and played through Bioshock Infinite. I found Bioshock, as much fun as it is, clumsy and lacking nuance compared to DE:HR. Now that's one gamer's opinion, so take it with a grain of salt, but yes, for me, DE:HR is that good.If you like straight-up shooters and don't care about plot in video games, then this might not be your cup of tea, but for everyone else, I'd really recommend giving it a try.A note about the Director's Cut: I'm a big fan of it. I like the way it integrates the DLC flawlessly, and I've never encountered any of the bugs that others on here note. It also ameliorates the biggest problem DE:HR had - the boss fights. The boss fights are still there, but you can now use whatever play style you want to take them out, and instead of a colossal annoyance, they've become an intriguing puzzle.At the current prices (especially when it's on sale), I really can't recommend DE:HR highly enough. If you like non-traditional shooters, you will like this game.I want to spend more time in this world. I'm waiting with bated breath for a sequel, and if/when it comes, it will be a first day purchase."
,Recommended,238010,13454785,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,SimianPirate,"This game is great example of the Cyberpunk genre, from storyline to gameplay. I particularly like that the Director's Cut include audio commentary from the developers that gives additional insight into how the game was made. I miss the golden glow on the screen that was present in the original release, but thankfully there is a filter that the community made to add it back in.If you like the cyberpunk genre then this game is definitely for you. Bonus points for it actually being a fun stealth game as well, if you like to play that way (the Director's Cut actually makes stealth gameplay a more viable option)."
76561198006704066,Recommended,238010,13458858,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,ChalkStorm,no time to explain please do yourself a favor and buy this game for 4 dollars
76561198056254633,Recommended,238010,13458877,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Falasvido,Not the best in graphics or story (it's so ♥♥♥♥ing damn slow at the begining) but if you like to overthink about controversial things it's a must have. 7.5/10
,Recommended,238010,8190653,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,HeadcrabPL,"Awesome stealth game, with the best plot i ever experinced"
76561198012730091,Recommended,238010,13476318,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,white42683,works and is vary fun to play X)
,Recommended,238010,13477401,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Skeletor,A fantastic game. And this polished and more complete version just make it even better.
,Recommended,238010,13501616,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Svakislav3,"Great Sci-fi game which offers hours of innovative gameplay. You can choose your style - stealth playing or kill-them-all. It all depends on you. Story is great, but your choices don't change anything and your character will sometimes look like mindless thug because of this. Various ways to kill, different cities - in a nut shell - variety of everything. I strongly recommend you to play this game. When you start playing it, you will soon realise that you are playing it for hours without break."
,Not Recommended,238010,13502187,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Zorafury,"GAME IS BROKEN. DONT BUY IT.I had so much fun playing Deus Ex: Human Revolution.I had so much motion sickness playing Deus Ex: Human Revolution - Director's Cut.That version of the game should be called ""Director's cuts... off previous patches to use the first unpatched and buggy version of the game engine, cuts off previous improvements, cuts off previous textures to replace them with buggy ones, cuts off funding to the team that was supposed to fix that ugly, stuttering mess"".There are lots, lots and lots of popping or bad textures, buggy effects (I love the rain dropping on vertical walls and the flow of water that comes out 50cm away from the faucets) and an awful stuttering and fps drops that some people can reduce with a registry hack that you have to do every time the game launches. For me it did nothing, for a lot of others neither, judging by the angry posts on the abandoned Eidos forums.Also they decided to remove the golden filter tint that made the game look like it was happening in a modern Renaissance era. Why Because ♥♥♥♥ you, that's ""Deus Ex: the Director cuts""."
,Recommended,238010,13445260,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Triplight,"Hands down the best of the Deus Ex series, I've been a major fan for years and was so excited to hear about them revamping the series and also a bit nervous to see how it turned out.  That said this is one of the very few games to have come out in the last couple years that I have played beginning to end multiple times."
76561198004078055,Recommended,238010,13407280,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,johnsuzyv,"Truly epic game ... great story, engaging characters and play as you will."
,Recommended,238010,13407942,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Neo Kabuto,"Human Revolution takes us back into the conspiracy filled world of Deus Ex, but before the first two games are set. The conspiracy doesn't run as deep as it did in the first game, but the writing is still great. The new augments are fun to play around with, and the gunplay is good. The stealth system has issues, but it's playable.The Director's Cut expands on the base Human Revolution experience slightly, but it's worth getting it instead. The Missing Link expansion is bundled with it, and tied into the story rather than being a separate game. It also has minor improvements to the boss fights, but it's just little tweaks to help players who went for stealth or hacking augments."
,Recommended,238010,13397081,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,[VIGL] Morden Kain,This game reminds me a lot of the original Deus Ex.  So far I have played all three Deus Ex (not the new one for Human Revolution though).  So much replayability in this game.  Beat Deus Ex 2 hands down.
,Recommended,238010,7557225,"Posted: 3 November, 2013",all,DiNNiK,"It Is Not The Strongest of The Species That Survives,Nor The Most Intelligent.It Is The One That Is Most Adaptable To Change."
76561198094203045,Recommended,238010,15153505,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,First&Only,"A visually stunning game for its time - despite the years since it still looks and feels smooth and slick.The game experiene itself is fairly immersive - gamers who are fans of the series will definately appreciate this installment in the series, after the release of Deus Ex set a unique standard for RPG FUture Sci Fi sty;ed games it has been hard to find anything to come close and meet that. Fans will no doubt remember the flop that was invisible war (if you have played that disregard it and go for this game), yet thios sequel rose above that and has done justice to the series.You get some cool takedown moves - both lethal and non lethal in this game, the run and gun stlye still exists or if you love stealth and timing your moves it still satisfies that style of play too.Buy it if you have played any of the previous titles, buy it if you want a futuristic RPG style game to play.Key tip - take your time and explore your options!"
,Recommended,238010,15156088,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,olegthemeerkat,It's very nice. 6 *
76561198164568878,Recommended,238010,15369141,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,b2910,"It's a good game, the other reviews kinda cover it, my only complaints are the third person views and the fact that the world doesn't feel that dynamic, by which I mean that there are just a bunch of people standing around and repeating the same talking animation over and over again in the hub areas. But they really get the whole ""cluttered cyberpunk city"" theme down, especially with Hengsha, and the levels are quite expansive with few loading screens, which is a characteristic of any good Deus Ex game (unlike Deus Ex Invisible Bore and Deus Ex The Fail). So overall, just buy the thing, you will not regret it."
,Recommended,238010,15371613,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,SilencerLX,Amazing.
,Recommended,238010,8318953,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Adonai36,Great rpg elements. awsm story. and a nice amout of action.
,Recommended,238010,8318957,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Adonai36,Great rpg elements. awsm story. and a nice amout of action.
,Recommended,238010,8319832,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,0V3RKILL,One of the best single player games I have ever played
,Recommended,238010,8322353,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,LeeWongDuckDong,"Before playing this game, I saw only a few pictures of it and it inpired me into researching about the future of technology. When I started looking further into it, I ended up really wanting to get this game but couldn't afford it. It inspired me to go back to collage, learn programming, and alot of other things, before I even played it.I just bought the game finally and have to say, it is by far one of the greatest games I have ever played. My computer can't run it perfectly, but it can run it enough to play it. The game has great personalities for each character, the combat system is very fluent, the fact that you aren't ""imortal"", but that you can still take a beating, just makes this game awesome.The storyline is fun, original, and very creative.Highly recommend this game."
76561198045287074,Recommended,238010,8310605,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,M∞nMan,"The orginal Deus Ex is one of my favorite games of all time, and Human Revlution: Director's Cut is a worthy (if somewhat flawed) prequal. The combat, stealth, and hacking aspects of the game are perfect handled and enjoyable to play. Where the game lacks is role-playing. You don't have the legendary freedom that the original game let you have, and the choices can feel somewhat like press A to make A happen, press B to make B happen, etc. However, this Director's cut fixes this somewhat with better boss fights and expanded options. The main strength of the game has always been the asthetics, and I was somewhat dissapointed to see the yellow filter was removed from this version. I know many people did not enjoy the &quot♥♥♥♥♥♥vision"", but I thought it added a noir-like element to the game. It was a unique choice that set the game apart and helped me immerase myself in this neo-renaissance world. All in all I like this update, the designers made several mechanial choices that really improved gameplay, but their visual choices leave me a little dissapointed.9/10 - Buy if you enjoyed the original Human Revolution, the updated mechanics are worth it!"
76561198062129754,Recommended,238010,8310646,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,rolivas09,"The only quaril I've had with this version of the game is the constant tearing/stuttering it had. I havent had time to see if they possibly fixed this with an update, but I'm hoping they did. Finished a fifth of the game so far and really liking the ambient glow they've added to the characters. Would have liked them to fix some of the characterized movements so they dont all have the same hand gestures (you know that whole single hand salute they do chest level). The visuals and soundtrack is what keeps me coming back to this game. The story could be a little bit better towards the end but great revolutionary game at its time. Would recommend to anyone who likes to think outside the box and just wants to watch something worth seeing."
76561198044029032,Recommended,238010,8312804,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Jones Bones,You get to play as Batmadam Jenson and throw vending machines at security guards who just overcame life threatening ordeals involving vending machines.
76561198058757508,Recommended,238010,8314099,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Howyadoinmon,mmm mm
76561197971020495,Recommended,238010,8314556,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Gamazson,"Oh yes, absolutley yes. With the upgrades in the directors cut this game has become worthy of the franchise. A must play."
76561198027866075,Recommended,238010,8314755,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Stonebloodlust,Fantastic game. The writing is amazing along the gameplay this was my top console game of 2011. Now that they fixed the boss fights from the console so you can actually beat the game without killing them. Only flaw would be sometimes a boss pattern gets messed up causing them to stand in one spot to find you or worse they forget the layout to the room causing the boss to search
76561198077620062,Recommended,238010,8327157,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Tanaros,Just started playing this game and I have to say definitely worth the purchase.
,Recommended,238010,8327334,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Malevolence2012,I asked for this.
,Recommended,238010,8330234,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,AnalDestroyer,Such an amazing game by far one of my favorite games at the moment.
,Recommended,238010,8301902,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Alexis,Deus Ex 3 with all DLC integrated and boss battles twaked for all character builds (but not fixed for non-lethal takedowns)?Hells yes dudes! :D
,Recommended,238010,8303126,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,nyantagu,This is a super awesome stealth game even though i suck at it.... It has great graphics and cinemics with great action. Highly recommend it
76561198016913809,Recommended,238010,8304441,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,steembooda,"great game, interesting 2nd playthrough while trying to use nonlethal methods!"
76561197970473155,Recommended,238010,8305661,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,PolishTank,"Very fun.  Good stealth/action.  Story is really interesting.  DX11 performance is terrible, however it doesn't look much better than the DX9 so just leave it off."
76561198008136056,Recommended,238010,8308407,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,LCpl. Schultz,"One of my favs. Great concept, good implementation. I can play this one again and again."
,Recommended,238010,8578053,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,DV8ER,"I *LOVED* The initial release of Deus Ex.  I pre-ordered it the minute I found it was available and I've since played the initial release several times through.  This new release, however, is just as awesome, if not better!  There are some very nice upgrades to various missions/levels that you go though.  For example your first taste of a boss fight, the original release the room was fairly small with a room in the back right hand corner (from the perspective of just walking into the room).  In the Directory's cut, however, this room is much larger with levels above it and rooms/hallways around it.  I've not yet played this edition all the way through but I am anxious to see what is new and in store for me!  This, in my opinon, is a must have game and the upgrade price to the Director's cut was reduced greatly (A big thanks to the publisher for that!) making it easy to make the decision to purchase.  Apparently this release has the later released Missing Link DLC seemlessy baked in, so I'm excited to see how that influeces the game.  I've also noticed several bug fixes and tweaks that make the game even better.  I wish I could express just how much fun this game is to play."
,Recommended,238010,8582537,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Slumpz,Such a good game :')
,Recommended,238010,12123668,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,skills,This is one of the best games I have ever played on the PC. It has a mixed gameplay style that reminds me of Mass Effect. This game is truly unique. 10/10
76561198059155231,Recommended,238010,12123705,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,BTongx,Great story!!!
,Recommended,238010,12102738,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Huntrag94,not very good with Reviews but I highly Recommand this game for one reasons and that is it's got a  very good story and Gameplay at the same time which is almost rare anymore for games in today's game
,Recommended,238010,12077072,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,N4SWS,"This has improved on the original in every single way. The boss battles are now much more fluid, giving you many more options to use when fighting them. The graphics have been lifted, the cutscenes have a brighter filter, the textures are much more clear; the graphics have been overhauled, and it looks great. All the DLC is included and incorporated into the main game (The Missing Link) so it feels much more natural tying together as one story. Once the game has been completed there is a new ""Game+"" mode which allows you to restart the game over from the beginning while KEEPING all of your existing augmentations. Last but not least there is a 2 hour ""behind the scenes"" commentary video, as well as ""chat logs"" to find IN GAME that have develper commentary that can be turned on or off. Overall the experiece feels refined, and for any Deus Ex fan it's a must buy!"
76561197970363905,Recommended,238010,11290359,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Metus,One of a few where the story is bigger than the game.
,Recommended,238010,11380468,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,ABK702,"I attempted to play this game acouple years back but just couldent get into it. I tried again after I bought the directors cut, I probley wouldent of played it as much as I did if it wasnt to try and get steam cards. However after getting the cards I found myself actually enjoying playing and where the story was taking me. In short it took me awhile to get into this game but once I did I just couldent stop playing, and a play time of 25 hours was well worth the $4.99 I spent on it."
,Recommended,238010,11441861,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,The_Ultimate_EvilBorn,"It's a fantastic RPG game, the story was the main aspect of this game, however the gameplay was also enjyable and perfectly constructed to match this game's theme and way of being. 8.5/10 would get Augmented"
76561198094490744,Recommended,238010,11018532,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,♏ooo_tv,"Buy it, especially on sale.8/10"
76561198096695549,Recommended,238010,11011585,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Shayer Bear,"THis game draws you in with an everdeveloping narrative that makes you just want to play more. The story is one of the best that I have seen in any game, and it just makes the rest of the game so much more fun. ou really feel as though you are Adam Jensen as you go through all of the missions. The gameplay is almost as good as the story, with a good mix between between the use of first person and third person. The game lets you play it however it is you would like to, and rewards you for doing things in an unconventional way. This game has endless potential for replay value with all of the different augs, weapons, weapon mods, and the overall way that the game is played. This game was highly recommended to me so I bought it as a weekend deal for like 5 bucks. I never expected to get all of the hours of playtime that I have. If you are bored and have 5 bucks, wait for this game to go on sale and you will have hours of fun."
76561198013290186,Recommended,238010,11059707,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Zharrek,Love this game... I'm about to start my third run through... love that I can keep my augs after beating the game.
,Recommended,238010,11062322,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Stevo,The best game ever made so far.
,Recommended,238010,11048173,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Mr Gomez,Punch through walls; 10/10
76561198036113135,Not Recommended,238010,11124056,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Fonzi,"Very disappointed in this purchase.  Loved the orginal version but in this state the directors cut is just plain unplayable. Your really taking a gamble with this if you choose to buy it.  Constant crashing even after trying some of the hotfix's.  Ya end up taking a realy gamble with your money if you buy this version, I wish i'd spent that five bucks on a drink rather and this stuttering crashfest."
,Recommended,238010,11125010,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,PH.D IN ＨＵＳＴＥＮＳＡＦＴ,"I will start off the review by saying that this game is not as good as the grandiose masterpiece released in 2000 known as the original Deus Ex.That being said, Human Revolution is the greatest game released in the past 5 years. Everyone with even the slightest interest in technology, transhumanism, corporate ethics and conspiracy theories should play it, since god almighty is this game a treat. Above all, it is a thinking mans game, not only in the sense that it forces the player to plan his route ahead, but also in the way it forces the player to make moral choices with huge consequences. The world in Deus Ex: Human Revolution is not a happy one, and it certainly shows in the despair and neglect that radiates from the environment and NPCs.The game falls short in the tedious boss fights and unbalanced XP gaining system, but those are but minor quirks, like a faint cough from the audience in a Maria Callas recording.The soundtrack is also one of the best in years, and I can't wait to see future soundtracks made by Michael McCann. Music is something that can fill in for lacking storytelling or gameplay, but in this game, it perfectly supplements the somewhat dystopian feeling of the world in the year 2027."
,Recommended,238010,11160273,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,brushfirekhan,okay just to get the elephant ourt of the room. yes it kinda pales in  comperasion the the orignal deus ex.....but the thing is that we haven't had a GOOD deus ex game in a long time. plus it improves on the tranqualizer darts (guys won't run around for 3 minites and alert every one even if you hit them in the head) plus a good asthetic and open levles.so it doses the francise justce and i would actually recomend this for a first time to intruduce some one to the dues ex sereies.
,Recommended,238010,11161612,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,VariantTypeX,"This is, by far, one of my all-time, if not top favorite games I have ever played in my gaming years. The game is mechanics were easy to use and very rarely did i ever encounter any issues playing the game. The story is fascinating, perplexing, and entertaining. The game is offers more than just a story and a end, it asks you questions of astounding depth incouraging the player to think about the profound effect of rapidly evolving technology. It offers, you different approaches to how you wish to play the game, who to help, and what tasks to complete. 10/10"
,Recommended,238010,15458627,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Quantum Noodle,THIS GAME IS JUST PERFECT AND FUN! JUST BUY ITTT ! SO WORTH IT!!! UNGGGGGGGGIt's perfects and you can be littleSPYBOY
76561198089367816,Recommended,238010,16373134,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,SniperPandaPo,Love this game on 3 screens
,Recommended,238010,16306010,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,nO_d3N1AL,"An absolute gem of a game. This has it all - gameplay, characters, story, soundtrack. If you're after something immersive and cyber-punk themed with gameplay consisting of a mix between stealth, cover-shooter, social/dialogue, RPG elements, inventory management, exploration and a ""hacking"" mini-game, this is for you. There's something for everyone here - whether you're an impatient gamer like me that HATES RPGs or you care a lot about exploring the backstory and reading all the in-game text, this has you covered."
76561198086238113,Recommended,238010,16208570,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,somejapanesekid,Love this game. Love the graphics. Love the augmentation and gameplay. Would highly recommend.
76561198032590931,Recommended,238010,16148420,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,BillBoard,"Great game, many different ways to play with amazing settings and visuals."
76561198043771759,Recommended,238010,10698037,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,StrategicCorn,"THIS GAME. Ive played it through so many times now. Its about to be $5 on the summer sale, theres no excuse not to get this game."
76561198162630654,Recommended,238010,16149527,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Bremstone98,"Very good if your a fan of the original  then youll love this the cover system,and leveling up and gaining praxis kits to unlock new augs are great new additions to the gameplay, which in my opinion is where the game shines but the story is good and will keep you interested throughout. There are many ways to accomplish a mission and get to places, for example if your path is blocked odds are theres a vent you can crawl through nearby to get where you need to go. Its those things they kept from the original that always makes for an interesting experience and really gives you freedom in every choice you make."
76561198017742507,Recommended,238010,16217649,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Romans 10 KJB,"I played the original deus ex long ago and I know I enjoyed it, but I forgot everything about it. Picked up this game on sale, and it was a masterpiece. I can't wait for the next game in the series."
76561198115578617,Recommended,238010,16197446,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Catpawzzzzz,Worth exactly two playthrough.
,Recommended,238010,16397434,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,R0ZEN,well... after 20+ hours I ended this game and all I can say is... wow.great game.
76561198100481763,Recommended,238010,15230833,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Fabrício,"the movement is a little slug like to me.. mod the controls, and im happy"
,Recommended,238010,16385033,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Travis,Director's commentary adds interesting touch to final game.
76561198016944379,Recommended,238010,16433885,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Mythcantor,Love that I can defeat bosses without having to go toe to toe now.
76561198043784360,Recommended,238010,16420684,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,njhawks,"Pretty good game with a lot of content to go through.  If you ignore the main questline and simply go on your way, there are tons of paths to explore."
76561198035511315,Recommended,238010,16291436,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Purpleater,"Very good game.  Recommended if you like first person shooters with stealth and sneaking.  There's a heavy emphasis on stealth, especially at higher difficulty settings.  Graphics are a bit dated now relative to current big budget titles, but still nice enough to feel immersive.  The story is great, especially if you like the cyberpunk genre.  Voice acting is decent, a bit weak at times, but you can almost always read the text then hit space bar to skip the voice acting.This is my first Deus Ex game and I thoroughly enjoyed it.  I didn't encounter a single bug or crash the entire time I played.  Based on some other reviews it looks like this game might have been glitchy/buggy when first released, but I found it to be a very stable game at this point.  I'm glad I played it and will definitely get the next Deus Ex game when it's released."
76561198032081114,Recommended,238010,16405921,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,BobbyTurkalino,"One of my favorite games, have replayed it countless times, but this is my first time with the director's cut.Only complaint is the classic one, which are the boss battles.Square Enix and/or Steam was great with those who owned the original release by letting us upgrade to the director's cut for cheap. Some publishers (ahem R* to name one) would have bilked us for more cash.Looking forward to mankind divided, will purchase right away (unlike GTA V or VI due to the loss of goodwill towards R*)"
,Recommended,238010,16328534,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Trigger Foley,Only thing that bugs me with this game is the Dam Loading screens which ruin the immersion of the cities your in but otherwise its a dam great game. 9/10
,Recommended,238010,16296862,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Angle Dez,"I spent about 40 hours on my initial playthrough of this game and boy was it amazing. Buy it if you enjoy playing cyberpunk Roleplaying games, it's likely you won't regret it."
76561198113898913,Recommended,238010,16177559,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,thepieslayer,"It's a pretty good game, lots of story and stealth and shooting people and talking to people and exploring the worlds most confusing urban enviroments but it's got these unavoidable boss fights in a stealth game and I never asked for that."
76561198017847169,Recommended,238010,16469888,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,*EarthLING*,The best ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ simulator but also an invigorative and fresh RPG. The Director's cut makes great optimisations and entertaining dev commentaries to the experience but the graphics still suck.Although having the ability to take down anyone you see will never get old.
76561198078017997,Recommended,238010,16470161,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,DefCrunk,"One of the best action RPG, with original design and a great storyline.+Design;Gameplay;The plot;Soundtrack;The universe of the game.-Some may not like the quality of the graphics, but it pays off all the benefits of the game."
,Recommended,238010,16475458,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,dingus,"Greatest Action RPG I've ever played, seriously, buy it!"
76561198049260692,Recommended,238010,14762656,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Kez,They call me mellow yellow (Quite rightly).
,Recommended,238010,14803784,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Veetus.tv,"Game was fun.  Took a while to get used to the mechanics.The game does not hold your hand by any means -- but if you stick with it and finish it, there's not much to not like."
76561198039585522,Recommended,238010,14866104,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Captain_Waffle11,You get to sneak around some pretty frickin' awesome Home Depots in this game
,Recommended,238010,15044865,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,mentasm,"The only reason I bought the game was because of nostalgia. I remember my big brother playing the very first Deus Ex game while I was waiting for my turn to play other games.This impulsive purchase has been a great onePro:the matrix feel to it is incrediblegreat storylinegood graphicsenough freedom to screw around with the maps and find secretscool weaponslove the augments, which enhance dialogue as wellhacking minigamealternate/different solutions to every problemCon:Inventory limitationschanging of npc locations on reloadsno stocking options for us ""fallout"" hoarders, though items will stay where you leave them (my appartment is a mess).feels too linear, either go open world (fallout) or linear (dead space)Overall: 8 / 10"
,Recommended,238010,15045648,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,SuperFunLemon,"While I personally find exploring a chore in Deus Ex: Human Revolution it makes up for it by having an extremely enjoyable stealth system, combat system, and plot. Definitely one of the better games you can get overall. While I find the augmentation 'energy' system quite harsh and restricting the game is overall quite fair and definitely a lot of fun."
76561198022751934,Recommended,238010,15050073,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Manabender,"Deus Ex is the absolute pinnacle of level design. You're given a large general area to traverse, with a few obstacles and about a dozen possible ways to get across. Of course, some of them have certain character requirements, but that's why there's so many options; you're bound to be able to meet a couple.-Wanna sneak around in the air vents? Go for it.-Wanna hack the security bots to fire on your enemies? Yup, you can do that.-Wanna stealthily pick off each enemy, one by one? Nobody's stopping you.-Wanna make all the noise you want while getting into a full-on firefight? Not always a good idea, but still possible."
76561197993459578,Recommended,238010,15050806,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Echo the Sound,"For those wondering about it, this is a prequel to Deus Ex. The storyline, in order, is Human Revolution, The Fall, Deus Ex, then Invisible War. While I have yet to play completely through all of them, I can honestly say it is a rather amazing series (The Fall leaves a bit to be desired, but is decent enough).As it has been stated, but must be reiterated, you have to be able to think about things outside your normal comfort zone sometimes with this game. It will make you question what is morally right and wrong. In my opinion though, that is what makes a good story. Anything that can make you think outside your normal comfort zone and make you question everything you have ever known to be true.The gameplay for this, is actually rather difficult. Yes, guards and people will walk specific paths or stand still in one area, making it easy enough to pass, but if you are noticed, they WILL search for you. Stealth is definitely a fun, yet occasionally frustrating way to play. Especially later on, when tough choices have to be made. Going lethal can also be fun enough if you're into that sort of run and gun action. Enemies will make you think about how best to tackle them. This isn't CoD where you can soak a thousand shots before dying. If you get focused by several enemies and absorb their fire, you WILL die.The RPG elements of this game are a little frustrating. There aren't many skill points, especially early on, and leveling takes a while. You'll need skills in hacking and such to continue on a lot of the time.While these skills are immensely useful, it kind of misleads you. If you have no combat capability, what will you do when the need arises? In this manner, most people will get their asses kicked by the first boss.That's one of the few things I feel really needed to be improved. I will say this though, exploration is your friend. There are so many alternate ways to get passed or defeat almost anything.The controls on PC are a little janky depending on how you set them. While it is fully playable without issues using M/KB, I do recommend a controller if at all possible. It just feels a little bit better sometimes. It could just be me though.All in all, an amazing game that I have played through a few times (I own it on console as well ((and just picked up the collection due to the sale)), which could contribute to why I like the controller feel). I really recommend you get the whole collection if you haven't already. It will keep you busy for hours, and definitely has replay value if you are the type who enjoys trying different paths."
,Recommended,238010,15029691,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Invalidlinks,"Love the game!I was sceptical about buying this game, but since it was on sale... why not?GOD i was blown away! Awesome story! Good Graphics ( for an old game ) and awesome voice acting!and yes.10/10 Would Play it again!"
76561198095306868,Recommended,238010,14822860,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Gepizi Rader,I absolutely loved this game. The story is great. Characters are awesome and Adam Jensen is so cool. Deals with some interesting issues that may be faced by humans in the future.
,Recommended,238010,15064819,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Montty4575,Amazing Story that provides a great challenge. Will go back and play this on above normal difficulty.
76561197990406921,Recommended,238010,15065497,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,MMG Man,Amazing game!  great stealth / action / rpg / fps
76561198071704577,Not Recommended,238010,15080786,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Sora,just felt odd... not my cup of tea
,Not Recommended,238010,15082687,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,BCGaius,"Short and sweet - amazingly faithful successor to the original game which impressed me at every turn. Not without its flaws, but excellent by any measure.Oh, except for the SHOW-STOPPER memory leaks and save corruption which can and will destroy a 30+ hour playthrough just shy of the final boss. I was never able to technically complete the game, despite every trick, workaround, or hack I could find or think of to keep the game and save files stable just long enough to complete the final few minutes of the game. Both my issue and several similar issues plaguing other players remain unfixed, leaving the game in an unbelievably unprofessional state its developers and distributors should be ashamed of.Several years after the game's release, with the possibility of any fixes essentially non-existent by this point, do not spend your money on an unprofessional, non-functional product."
76561198017119480,Not Recommended,238010,15083891,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Thunderous Kitten,"I really wanted to like this game. I really did. However...I don't think this game was meant for me. The plot seemed interesting, and I wanted to play it through. However, I tend to not use stealth when playing games, as a general style. And the shooting mechanics... are awful. I just couldn't stand the open combat, with its clunky controls that would get me killed unfairly. If you played through the game like I am sure was intended, sneaking around and trying the non-lethal option, i'm sure you had a different, and much better experience than me."
,Recommended,238010,15086594,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,The Bathtub Skeleton,I converted religions because of this game.
,Recommended,238010,15071980,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Shock.Khay,"An amazing game with a thrilling storyline and plot, great gameplay and graphics. The ending(s) really make you wonder."
,Recommended,238010,11228236,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Figrin,Lots of depth in story and in gameplay. Was not expecting to be so completely and utterly hooked. One of the best games I've played in a while.
,Recommended,238010,11247781,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,SoudeCaustix,"This game is about augmented human, probably our future ;), the pros and cons of this technology ...It's an adventure with fighting and/or infiltrating, LMG or silencer ...It takes 20 hours to do this game ... and you have to do it many times, each time you discover new way to do it easier.Many possibilities and secondary quest (find them before they aren't given).(I finished it 6 times before buying it on steam)"
76561198017258573,Recommended,238010,11249260,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Necroluster,"Ever wanted to be a cyborg, stealth, agent, cop and an infliltrator. Buy this..."
,Recommended,238010,11253036,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,ANAL TERROR,Speil mit mein liebe wurst bitte4/4
76561198068538448,Recommended,238010,11221903,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Gyrmadet,"Excellent story-driven game, beautiful cyberpunk scenarios,  deep socio-political themes, meaningful choices that actually influences what happens, badass main character and last but not least awesome soundtrack.Although the game does allow you to play in many different ways, my advice is to go completely stealth, it's more challenging but more satisfying (and there are also achievement for that, if you manage to complete all missions without ever being spotted).Explore all the areas, find all secrets, read all ebook and computers, discover all the easter eggs, only then you will see the magnificient work behind the scenes and get many hints that would otherwise pass unnoticed.If you are into stealth games and/or solid stories, this game can't be missing in your library: buy it now.... and while you are at it, buy also the original Deus Ex, throw in HDTP and New Vision mods and you will have a digital Nirvana at your disposal.Those memories will stay with you for a long, long time."
76561198072202652,Recommended,238010,11296590,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Satellite,"This game is amazing! This game truly gives you the option to play the game how YOU want to play. Obviously going for a more stealthy path may be slow but very rewarding. However, running and gunning is very exciting and the controlls make it easy to pull off. The gameplay mechanics are solid. You can really feel the power behind the augments when you ""take down"" a guard you sneaked up on. The story is very detailed and engaging. Also easy to follow. Overall 10/10 would very much recommend!"
,Recommended,238010,11172729,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,hellcat5,"A wonderful balance of play styles, where you can choose to be completely sneaky, without killing anyone, or you can choose to go guns blazing, shooting everything that moves.  Wonderful gameplay.  I highly recommend this game."
76561198039007330,Recommended,238010,11175058,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,FlippyClooney,The world of Deus Ex: Human Revolution offers up a large amount of content and allows an immersion into the culture of the society in the futuristic 2027. The game plays fantastically and allows for a great variance of gameplay styles. The option to go in guns blazing or stealthily taking out enemies really offers a great sense of accomplishment when Adam Jensen punches enemies in face with his augmented arms. 8.75/10
76561198086458274,Recommended,238010,11140749,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,jtlenton,"I first played Deus Ex - Human Revolution when it was first released on the Xbox 360. I have to say, the game's replayability has not been diminished. While having an interaction/combat system similar to the Mass Effect series (conversation wheels, cover system), it manages to use this with a greatly expanded environment. Can't hack the door? Then shoot it down. Or mug the guard for the code. Or talk him into giving it to you. Or climb through the air vents, circumventing the door entirely. The augmentation system, the game's answer to RPG leveling, can make your character absolutely amazing, without ever making him overpowered. Don't want to fight through a room of soldiers? Hack their security system, turning turrets and robots against them. Or stick to the shadows, and hunt them down silently, Splinter Cell: Conviction style. Or just lob a grenade in there. The story is a well thought out 'detective - intrigue meets personal journey' plotline, with some classic conspiracy thrown in there, and a plethora of optional side-quests, set against a divisive ethical debate that you can interact with. All in all, a fantastic game, and the release of the Director's Cut, which bundles together a graphical rehaul with DLC and improved boss fights (allowing the same freedom of playstyle that the rest of the game offers), is simply the icing on the cake.9.5/10 - Nothing's perfect; I never liked 'The Missing Link' DLC, and I thought that a more fleshed - out epilogue would have done the game good."
,Recommended,238010,11142214,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,I Aten't Dead,"For me, Deus Ex: Human Revolution is a lot like Vampire: The Masquerade - Bloodlines, only aged much much better. A strong story, moral choices that really only matter to you, having to watch what you say and see how they affect others without an easy way out (i.e. Mass Effect Paragon/Renegade options/interrupts), and solid sneak/gun-and-gun gameplay. Though for whatever reason menus are bugged and will often have you making split second wrong choices because your cursor and the buttons don't play together well. Director's Cut adds the two DLC missions to the mix and incorporates it into the story, for better or for worse. Personally I strongly disliked The Missing Link (felt much more linear and repetitve) and having to be forced to play through it certainly was obnoxious, Tong's Mission is incredibly simple as well. Still, it's a damn fine game that you can spend 20+ hours getting though and it comes easily recommended, though I don't think New Game + will be that much fun sadly.Also I got the Pacifist achievement, I know it doesn't show up so I didn't officially achieve it but I played way too damn hard to have some action I had no control over invalidate the run for me. I wish there was a stats count or something. But again, the game's noticibly buggy in places. So from one pacifist to another, MANUALLY SAVE before you start hoping around the last level and save often. Or just don't even bother with the damn achievement. It's a lot more fun to shotgun and blow things up anyways. Takedowns get a little boring after a while."
76561198085282940,Recommended,238010,11355125,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,MUZZY2K,playing this game for a second time it has so many amazing aspects to it.
,Recommended,238010,11355301,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Bird person,"Deus Ex: Human Revolution is just a kind of game that grips you and won't let go. Amazing story line, great sound track, incredible atmosphere, and dystopian future. This game is a must buy."
76561198022898700,Recommended,238010,11356627,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,tekkalord,Very enjoyable game with a great story.The endings (4 possible) are rather lackluster and feel kinda crappy.
76561198047292309,Recommended,238010,11211304,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,That PvZ Guy,"Deus Ex: Human Revolution is a fairly simplistic take on the FPS RPG genre. There is a variety of weapons in this game, but only one model for each weapon, something that people may enjoy or dislike. Personally, I prefer it that way because it means I don't have to constantly compare the stats of one shotgun to another. Additionally, there is no crafting system in this game (something that is commonly found in RPGs) so you don't have to constantly modify weapons using various pieces you pick up along the way. Leveling up is also not an issue in this game, so you don't have to acquire a certain amount of experience to proceed to the next portion of the story. Side quests are completely optional, the best reward you'll earn from them is some Praxis's.The augmentation customization is one of the coolest parts of this game. For those who aren't familiar with this game or any previous title in the Deus Ex series, you play as Adam Jensen, the head of security at Sarif Industries. Mr. Jensen is more or less part machine and part man, and as you progress, you will have the opportunity to customize the machine aspect of him, otherwise known as augments. The augments you upgrade depend on your preferable style of play. Do you like being stealthy? Going completely invisible and silently navigating corridors? Or would you rather battle your foes head on, ensuring that you take reduced damage when doing so? The choice is yours in Deus Ex.The biggest issue I had with this game, and perhaps the only one, was the boss battles. Upon performing some brief research, I quickly discovered that many others share my opinion. For example, defeating the first boss felt entirely contradictory to the way I had been playing the game up until that point. The generally accepted form of combat in this game involves ducking behind various structures and objects, then proceeding to briefly expose yourself so as to eliminate your enemies. Well, I tried that style multiple times with the first boss, and to no avail. It appeared that it would require an unlimited supply of ammunition to take him down, something I obviously didn't possess. So I resorted to something I typically try to avoid when playing video games: help. After viewing a couple YouTube videos, I learned that I needed to throw barrels at him, something I hadn't even attempted to do prior to my confrontation with this boss. But I tried it out anyway, and it only took about 30 seconds to defeat him simply by throwing barrels at him. It was as if ""Deus Ex: Human Revolution"" had suddenly become ""Deus Ex: Donkey Kong Revolution"".Overall however, this game is worth a playthrough. Yes, you have to endure 4 lackluster bosses, but in the grand scheme of things, it's a small price to pay. The story involves a fun conspiracy theory which I won't divulge for the sake of avoiding spoilers, but I will say that you will be forced to make some tough decisions that impact the game's ultimate outcome. 7/10 stars for Deus Ex, easily 9/10 with improved boss battles."
,Recommended,238010,11336665,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Southpaw,UPGRADE YOUR BODY FOR SCIENCE.FIGHT PEOPLE FOR SCIENCE.HACK THINGS FOR SCIENCE.FIND OUT WHERE PEOPLE ARE FOR SCIENCE.SCIENCE.
,Recommended,238010,11349154,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,doctorocclusion,"Great game! Very fun! I have never played a stelth game before, but I have really enjoyed it so far. The story is great and the missions are chalenging."
76561198060769611,Recommended,238010,11349451,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,leave,out of bullets? throw a vending machine.
,Recommended,238010,11352756,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,McKiller,"Great game, doing side missions got a good 14 hours."
,Recommended,238010,11206152,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,livegolf,"This is by far one of the best games of all time, and my favorite.  It has memorible characters, a DEEP story, perfect controls, interesting enviornments, and losts of missions.Story:Rating, 5 starsThe story is DEEP, delving into all of the ethics of augmentation, and showing you every corner of the 'business'. There's romance, tensions, comedy. Everything a good story has.  The more time you put into the game, the more of the story is uncovered, and the reward increased.Characters:Rating, 5 starsWhy? They are memorable. They are crafted through the story and events that unfold.Controls:Rating, 5 starsWhat's a good game without buttery controls?Weapons:Rating, 4 starsThe weapons are varied and upgradeable. The ways you can beat up people is awsome, but variety is limited.Overall rating: 5 stars!"
76561197992603457,Recommended,238010,11187644,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,1st path of pain Deva path,Its an awesome 1st person shooter. very fun
,Recommended,238010,11187773,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Enhialus,"This game is great!  Different ways to play, and the customization of your skills is great!  i highly recommend it!"
76561198048896324,Recommended,238010,11188648,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Dr.E,"just like mass effect, but you have cool sunglasses"
,Recommended,238010,11189179,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,TerraSin,This is hands down one of the best cyberpunk games ever made. It has a grasping story line and a hacking system that keeps you engaged. Looking forward to the next installment of the Deus Ex series.
,Recommended,238010,11147537,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Fidelstu,"hacking, spy, choose not to kill enemy or people and stay for humanity....and the end you will choose one of the multiple ending...."
76561198083202574,Not Recommended,238010,11150006,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,BronzeKi,This game is not even going to work with mac well
,Not Recommended,238010,11154820,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Moebot,This game is so boring. After I didnt like it at first attempt I wanted to give it a second chance.The protagonist looks like he was designed by a 10 year old. The character design is awful and the whole look of this game is just clunky and ugly. Also the controls of this game are circuitous and so slow.I really wanted to give this game a chance because i like the setting and was looking for something that was at least half as good as fallout 3. But this game isnt even nearly as good as Splinter Cell. I almost fell asleep playing this game. and the protagonist..really? he looks so ridiculous.
76561198120763232,Recommended,238010,12334509,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,calaca076,love the music in this game! i would love to buy the soundtrack!
,Recommended,238010,12059691,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,treiaved,"This is easily one of my favorite games of all time. This game gives players true freedom. You can play as a hacker and a thief, who ghosts in and out under the noses of the enemies. You can sneak up and kill everyone without setting off a single alarm, if you so wish. If you're into FPS's, you have a wide variety of weapons and mods to go in guns blazing. Point is, anybody can enjoy the game however they want. The story is also quite good, and aligns itself closely on what many believe the future of the world may look like. As the conspiracy unravels, you find yourself wanting to play more just to see what happens next. I have the original on my 360, but the Director's Cut version is (in my opinion) much better. The boss fights have been reworked, so you now have the same creative freedom to fight them as the rest of the game. The Missing Link DLC has also been seamlessly integrated, and fills out the plot quite nicely. The game has also been optimized for modern machines, and runs very well on my so/so laptop. Overall, if you like cyberpunk, stealth, and videogames in general, you owe it to yourself to get this game.P.S. Do not get the upgraded bio-chip in Hengsha 2 unless you want to make the 3rd boss unreasonably difficult."
76561198090392783,Recommended,238010,12356398,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,DBZking119,Where to even begin. To start its a worthy prequal to an amazing game and in my opinion surpasses its predicessor. It tackles the question of what it truely means to be human. relitivly around 28 hours of gameplay a lot fo customization and an epic soundtrack to an amazing cyberpunk world what are you waiting for.
,Recommended,238010,12318312,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,LokkNar,"Wow. Just wow.I got this game via a sale and didn't expect much. ""Oh, another recent sequel (yes, I know it's a PREquel) to a great game. Well, it can be fun for a bit."".Boy, was I wrong! This is one of the best shooter games of the last five years. It has a great story, cool visuals, great gameplay and just the perfect setting. While it was over rather fast, it was a really fun ride. It's great to experiment with the different possibilities, as it is indeed possible to go through the whole game by sneaking and spying or justt mowing down everything coming one's way. And both are great fun.Damn, buy the game! It's great!"
,Recommended,238010,12325823,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,MattDP,Great game
,Recommended,238010,12111358,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,MrMangoHands,Buy it. It's great.
,Recommended,238010,12126345,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Thrival Pariahtal,I played this game quite a bit on the 360.  I would recommend it a lot more if it wasn't so committed to have everything goddamn yellow.  Seriously the whole game is shaded yellow.
76561198064545249,Recommended,238010,12129112,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Crimson,"I'm probably going to play this game a 3rd time again soon.Feeling the ""Deus Ex"" itch lol."
,Not Recommended,238010,12160968,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Big Dick,"OH GOD WHYThis is beyond awful, godawful, unholy, straight from hell even. What´s up with developers relaunching games, but screwing then over(Fable: Anniversary for example)?The game is great, maybe the best of 2011, but this version, oh god, bad framerate; dumb down graphics; I mean it. You wanna fix it, Ha, don´t try it.Buy the original version, not this trash"
76561197974133803,Recommended,238010,12110378,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Friscoe Hotsauce,"An incredible franchise from the 90's, excellently re-imagined in a way that modernized the franchise and yet stays true to the original. Do yourself a favor, buy it, play it, love it."
76561198080643672,Recommended,238010,12110711,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Mindless,It's $4.99 right now. Buy it and thank me.
,Not Recommended,238010,12111752,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,keag-טқ,"The reworked boss fights and integrated DLC are nice. However, it would appear that they added these new features to the FIRST build of Deus Ex HR, as all of the original bugs have now returned. Including the most annoying ""save file corruption"" bug, which was fixed years ago.Stick with the non director's cut version."
76561198022761206,Recommended,238010,10148092,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Oh Look Sheep,"The overall game itself remains what it is. A coherent story and solid stealth and FPS gameplay. Don't fix it if it ain't broke. Although there are still prevaling bugs that were not addressed. While the boss fights are still shoot n' scoot, they improved upon it by giving you more options. No longer are you left doging bullets and grenades from everywhere scrambling to find a weapon and ammo becuase you decked yourself out for hacking, stealth, and/or non-leathal. If you are keen enough to go around the boss rooms, you'll find areas that can help you defeat the boss regardless of how you upgrade yourself or what weapons you have on you.Gameplay wise, The Missing Link DLC was seamlessly integrated into the flow of the game. Story wise it kind of fit in very loosely.Maybe what Quinn and Page(?) were talking about at the end alludes to a sequel?It is sort of daughting to suddenly not have everything you collected (including praxis upgrades) at your disposal, but it does present a certain challenge. There's even an achievement for getting through the entire DLC portion with only your ""armour"" and what you collect through out rhe level and use no praxis upgrades. But when you complete the Missing Link, you ultimately get everything you had before you were KO'd and strapped in plus what ever you collected in the level.The New Game+ option after completeing the game once overall is probably my favorite addition. When playing though the story a second time through the vanilla Human Revolution, I kept wishing in the back of my mind I had more augements and how that would affect how I would approach a certain part of the game. Now I don't have to! New Game+ carries over all the augmentations you aquired through your first playthrough, eventually gaining enough Praxis to max out everything. All in all DXHR Director's Cut is a solid game."
,Recommended,238010,10312842,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,nirajathakkar,A really great game. Must buy during sales.
,Recommended,238010,12113049,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Madanor,Nice.
76561198095292508,Not Recommended,238010,12113334,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Thanks for all the fish,"Will not run even with decent graphics card, 3.7ghz proseccer, and 16gbs of ram would not recommend at all it is unplayable."
76561198015609838,Not Recommended,238010,12113478,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Thunderbuns,"Unless they fix the very serious glitches this game has, it's a thumbs down, Shame cause it was fun till it screwed up."
,Recommended,238010,12114112,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,aedin,"I've been wanting to buy this game for quite somtime now, and this last Thursday week I finally pulled the trigger and bought it...  And now it goes on sale...  -_-Really good game so far, and I'm not regretting spending $15 extra."
,Recommended,238010,12115641,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,King Aria,"Finally! For once, stealth has been DONE RIGHT in a video game. This game nails it and here's why:Most modern stealth games require you to be stealthy in order to 'take out' or kill a target. This leaves very little room for exploring and finding alternate paths. Deus Ex rarely designates a target for you to kill and your only objective is pretty much to get to the next room without being caught.This may sound boring but it's not! Honestly, this game will be considered a classic by future generations because everything is implemented fully well. I have many fond memories of this game and it's still fairly recent.If this game is not in your Steam library, then you cannot call yourself a true gamer. You NEED to play this! Captivating story + gameplay makes this an instant classic.10/10 and I'm not even exaggerating."
76561198006071439,Recommended,238010,12115942,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,sylvan1,"Great potential here, very pretty, and a lot of fun; but hampered by lack of consequence, and dumb enemy AI."
76561197992082285,Recommended,238010,12135928,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,gigakitten,This is one of my favorite games and it's nice to see the Director's Cut on here - can't wait to replay it!
76561197997823650,Recommended,238010,12081880,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Besogon,I never asked for this/10.
,Not Recommended,238010,12178053,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,DONALD FUCK,"A metal gear wannabe that throttles your cpu to make it seem like it has great graphics and performance, infuriating stealth and stupid inventory ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t spit on the original dues ex with true garbage man game design,despite this the game's story while ♥♥♥♥ing sporadic is interesting the graphics are presented well enough even if they dont know what the word optimization means, and the gameplay and fighting is fun, dont buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥its not worth the stress."
76561198109710327,Recommended,238010,12164441,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,kevwallace365,"For anyone who played the original Deus Ex back in 2000 this really is a worthy successor to that game and is scrupulous in its attention to detail and fidelity to the original's lore and universe.  The in game graphics although not up to 2014 standards are good (not 1080p good but good enough to enjoy). I read a number of reviews claiming FPS problems but I've encountered none on a medium range system (Dell Inspiron 17r SE 7720 with Nvidia Ge force GT 650).The game's story is brilliant, its controls are fluid and switch dynamically if you want to use a Xbox 360 controller AND keyboard at the same time (a number of newer games can't do this - I'm looking at you Arkham: Origins). That said for a Deus Ex fan there really is no innovation in terms of game mechanics. In fact thus far I think there's actually less flexibility because you can't choose augmentations to install you choose which ones to activate from Adam's pre-installed augments.  Also the sneaking/combat mechanics of “locate the air vent, sneak through it and then avoid/take down/surprise enemies is exactly the same as the original game's.  That's not necessarily a bad thing (why fix what's not broken) but at some points the game could have done with having a true third person camera option. The camera will switch into third person when the player takes cover but it would have been more immersive to have a third person option the whole time. On the improvements side, the game's social interaction controls (persuasion, intimidation etc) are better than the original's, but like most choices and consequences games the choices are fewer than it may initally seem.All in all I recommend this game. For new comers to the series this is a great jumping-on point, and for old hands like me how played the first two games this is an excellent prequel worth of the name Deus Ex. 4 out of 5"
,Recommended,238010,12182669,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,kds8404,"The best game I've ever played.  It's a good blend of a FPS and RPG with a gameplay that can optionally be as emersive as reading a book.  The decisions or indecisions that you make are consequential as in the original.  If you're unfamiliar with the trilogy, think the ""Butterfly Effect.""  It's a game that once finished, will be more enlightening if played again."
,Recommended,238010,16773483,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Bodaff,"Deus Ex: Human Revolution is a cliche-ridden mess. But it's a cliche-ridden mess with really solid gameplay. And even its story, as much as it will often just make you roll your eyes, has some charm to it. Controller support is also top notch; I honestly think it plays better on controller than mouse and keyboard--which is very unusual of an FPS.Playing this game feels like a solving the puzzle, where the end goal is clear but there are many ways to get to it. For that reason, I enjoy it, and for that reason, I recommend it."
76561198028182224,Recommended,238010,16776195,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,timbo0812,Amazing game! Very true to the series.
76561198010999641,Recommended,238010,16726079,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,talapoin,Deus Ex is a legend. They screwed up this legend with Invisible War... but as a phoenix also this title has risen from the ashes as Human Revolution and it's even better then original one. 100% recommended for all CyberPunk players.
76561198003307155,Recommended,238010,16728673,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Levithix,"So much fun. I've heard that playing it as a shooter leaves something to be desired. However, as it is a stealth game and that's how I played it, it was great! Engaging story line, fun stealth based gameplay, pretty graphics, what more could you ask for?"
76561198027141033,Not Recommended,238010,16733350,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Punriq,"I probably sound like a♥♥♥♥♥♥but this game was very linear. If i had payed the original price for this game i would have been mad. It's not that its a terrible game, its actually pretty good. its just so linear...... Also if you screw up a side mission and fail it you cant go back and re try, you just lose out. so if you dont have a save thats close to the quest line then youre hooped to redo a lot of stuff or just let it be and move on. it was definatly worth the $3.75 i paid... not worth 60 About 10 hours of gameplay, with sidequests"
,Recommended,238010,16736365,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Sentinel0011|Sasageyo.Inc,"Very awesome game from Square Enix. I can't say that this is a 100% fps game because it has this tps mode when you stand by the wall or crate or.... ya those things... Augmentation are many and you can get them all by exploit (hack every computer and room lock on the first city) so u can get praxis kit (to lvl up aug). As i can say, the augmentation are various but i think some of them are useless (actually only 1: see through wall; becoz u can locate the enemy position by your radar. But i also think that some of the in game movement are quite stiff or rather.... weird. Like almost every person u talk to will have the same gesture. And the takedown animation quite force the position of you and your enemy. like when they are walking then u do a takedown, the animation shows that they stop(standing) and you take them out. And i also notice that time stops when u takedown an enemy.PROS:- Graphic- Choice of weapon- Smart 3D UI- Various augmentation upgrades- Many weapon upgrade boxes (fav: armor penetration, 10mm pistol only)- Amazing cyberpunk world- Your choice of saying determine how the story goesCONS:- Repetitive gesture- A bit stupid AIRecommend this game...8/10"
,Recommended,238010,16657748,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,k1bo,"Well, gotta say this game is really good. Except the end, or 4 ends. All that mind opening stuff is great, but i was hoping for some animated movie, showing a bit more of futuristic cities. It certainly left an impression and cant wait for the sequel. But the ending could be better."
76561198089355180,Recommended,238010,16661635,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,SpaceBones,"James Franco is Robocop, AS Dirty Harry! What's not to love? Though this game should have been called Box World! I don't know what the deal is, but every single map looks like a family of 4 is moving...."
,Recommended,238010,11543590,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Daniel,I just beat a drug dealer to death with a basketball then hid his body in a castle of cardboard boxes.10/10 Best game I've played.
,Recommended,238010,16702954,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,GingerRoss,"A great RPG. It's two biggest flaws I can see however being it's linearity (I want to explore more of DX:HR's world) and it's binary good-bad bioware esque ending. But if you're a fan of anything cyberpunk, you should pick this up."
,Recommended,238010,16709874,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,SardonicHedgehog,"Great atmosphere, good pacing, and decent mechanics make this game lots of fun to play. Some of the philosophical elements about humanity and technology are presented in an overly simplistic way, but it's nice when an engaging game touches on serious issues and gets you to think past its story when you put the controller down.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,238010,16764136,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Broken blade,Awesome!!
76561197984116717,Recommended,238010,16757181,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,sckchui,"A worthy successor to the Deus Ex name, this game does almost everything right.  Great atmosphere, interesting locations, intriguing story, intelligent themes, clever stealth, plenty of secrets tucked away everywhere for you to find.  I'll be honest that I don't know to much about the combat, because I usually stealth my way through everything.  The notable deficiencies are the relatively simple boss fights and the mannequin-like animations when you talk to people, but they do little to diminish the overall quality of the game.  If you're in the mood for some cyberpunk and don't know where to get your fix, you'll find a good one in this game."
76561198039059566,Recommended,238010,16760925,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,bluesinthirds,"Done on hard.Game forces you to go steath mode.Corridor shooter, no free world.If you are  stealth action fun - it is your choise.Otherwise 7/10."
,Recommended,238010,16314976,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Broderix,"Totally recommend. Every gamer can found his own style of game. Stealth, action, RPG. Awesome."
,Recommended,238010,16316417,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Torch,I was surprised at how much fun this game was!  Forget the guns and sneak in close for the great takedowns!
,Recommended,238010,10721135,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,PEYOTE (sry4sckn),"Awesome story,Awesome world,Awesome as ♥♥♥♥!"
,Recommended,238010,10786658,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Rank 52 Bby,"A game where you -the player- are battling against a group (I forgot the name...) that dislikes human enhancements (robot eyes, metal prosthetics...). You are a result of being killed and the human enhancements being the only thing keeping from dying. Overall through what I've played it's a fun game!"
,Recommended,238010,10633136,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Matticoda,This game is what a cyber-punk role playing game should be this is base line
,Recommended,238010,10634609,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,buzmeister92,"It takes everything from the original DX:HR and makes it better with more weapons, more items, and NG+, to carry over your augs and be an ungodly overpowered behemoth in the early levels of Detroit and Hengsha. If you are a fan of Deus Ex: Human Revolution and you don't already have it on your PC, this is an absolute MUST. Also includes the Missing Link DLC, which is seamlessly tied into the existing storyline - It adds 4-5 extra hours on top of a game that can take 40 hours to complete already. This is a don't-miss item, and you surely won't regret the purchase."
76561198019276895,Recommended,238010,10667018,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,KrAzYrAbBiT,"It's not perfect..  :)When a game made in 2011 is reviewed in 2014 and the critique starts out with, it's not perfect. That's the sign of a great game!Basicall this is a First person shooter but with LOADS of storty talking content.. The story decisions AND the real world decisions effect the game experience, peoples responces and attitudes toward you and the ending itself.Want to explore and area for a bit and find all those goodies,, it will only take a minute right? Well, dem hostages gonna die :P!!!! LOL..Wanna rush in guns blazing like you did on the previous chapter,, you dead... Wanna sneak around and get out unseen here, friend dies..All sorts of complicated decions make this game amazing..Lots of games step on toes and ""try"" to not offend people, pfft. But anyway,, the don't mention God because of the atheists being ""offended"" or the talk about God but it's not done right so people get offended.Well this game did it.. Honestly as a Christian who does not get offended easily but hates God not being mentioned cuz of those that do.This game ignores all of that. Some people talk about God, others don't. Just like life. Wanna be a killer, fine.. Want to spare every person.. Ok, you can do that to.. You can stun EVERY person or IGNORE them by sneaking for the ENTIRE game..Bosses are different but feel like it's there fault if they die.. Or if you don't care them BLAM, BOOM... Snipe all dead,next..Really this game is fantastic..Think Mass Effect meets Skyrim... The graphics are awesome. The mechanics and what you can do with your play style rivals most games..You have a much larger world to explore than in most games but not as large, ok, not nearly as large as skyrim but trust me it feels huge...It's worth the price and if it's on sale. YOU MUST BUY IT!!! Window's 7 64bit and XP 32bit tested on 4 computers.. Yep I bought it for the whole family.. That's testimony to it's playability/fun factor!!!!"
76561198027226585,Recommended,238010,10667976,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Darren,
76561198068185335,Recommended,238010,10669242,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,daknik1,I can't believe I waited this long to play Deus Ex: HR.  The story is engaging and the gameplay is top notch.  I picked this up on a weekend sale for $5 and I got over 30 hours of enjoyment out of it.  I can't recommend it enough.... give this game a try!
,Not Recommended,238010,10671121,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,mrdubled,"Bugs Bugs Bugs Bugs, Lag, but still an amazing cyberpunk narrative... still hoping for a patch!"
,Recommended,238010,10671822,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Kris,review for badge. game good.
,Recommended,238010,10684995,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Janus Bifrons,"Pretty cool action stealth game, Director's cut fixes a lot of the complaints I had with the original game, and various mods fix most of the rest.  Solid buy, especially if you can find it on sale."
76561197972831370,Recommended,238010,10904436,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,[Petoria] HellboundPotato,Do you want to be sneaky like Charlie the Unicorn? Then this is the game for you! Wow. Amaze. Such sneak.
76561197999743561,Recommended,238010,10904499,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,ACL711,"Deus Ex: Human Revolution is by far one of the most interesting games I've played. The story is honestly grade A material, going deep into what seemed like a terrorist action into an even more sinister plot. What drew me in even more was the visuals and the design of the game, everything about the game's art was awesome. Thank god I waited a few year after the release to play it on awesome graphics. Again I highly recommend buying this game, especially the Director's Cut version."
76561198052438878,Recommended,238010,11143975,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Lorry_the-man,Excellent game to play!
,Recommended,238010,11474942,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Near,"I never played the original Deus Ex, so I can't comment on how good of a sucessor this game is. I can say that I found that as a standalone RPG it is fantastic. The game is very flexible when it comes to achieving various objectives (stealth and action heavy playstyles are both viables), the story is intriguing and the atmosphere is absolutely spot on - you will not be able to get the music out of your head. There is a ton of lore to explore if you're willing to hack around.The Director's Cut is sadly not without it's faults. There are many very anoying graphical bugs that where introduced in this version and it appears that they will never be fixed. These technical issues are very unfortunate since if they did not exist this would definitively be the definitive version of the game. The reworked boss fights make stealth more viable, the developer comentary offer a ton of interesting insights (I couldn't recomend listening to them until a second playthrough, however, as they spoil quite a bit) and the integration of The Missing Link into the main storyline is a nice touch.Ultimatelly if you don't care about developer comentaries and if you're willing to deal with somewhat rough boss fights I would recomend tracking down a code for the original version of Human Revolution rather than the Director's Cut."
,Recommended,238010,12953526,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,FizzleWhizzle,"Nice job Eidos, some people actually liked the♥♥♥♥♥♥filter.8.5/10"
76561198153505264,Recommended,238010,12958784,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Vibraxas,"Absolutely incredible. I bought this game two years ago on 360 and fell in love. I beat the regular game three times then I heard the Director's cut was coming to 360 and just had to upgrade. I beat that version twice. Currently playing my sixth playthrough to obtain the last few achievements. Just got it on P.C. through a steam sale and to play it with a better framerate. On to the aspects of the game, the story is prety straight forward. You play a guy with a particular set of skills, place of business gets attacked, you fail at stopping the attack. You come back ( I won't say how and why) to work months later and then the actual story begins taking you all over the world meeting some memorable characters ( and some forgetable), while trying to unravel the mystery behind the attack. Mix in politics, unforgetable settings, liars ( many liars). tough choices, and you have yourself DE: HR. Gameplay is a plus for this game. Everywhere you go has a option for stealth since action is pretty much a given. Aumgentations is definitely my favorite aspect of the gameplay. The leveling feels great as the story progresses. You will feel like a super soldier by the end of the game. Weapons are a different story. There is little to no reason to upgrade to a machine gun since you already have stellar pistols ( and ammo is so scarce) and takedowns to take you through the game in the action playstyle. All the stealth weapons  can suit to your style of stealth, lethal or non lethal. The mechanics work perfectly fine as well. Shooting with a gamepad sucks though if you're not in cover. The number one downside is the A.I. They have great aim but they are definitely brain dead when it comes to everything other than shooting at you. Another downside to the game is how iffy the story can get since the game lets you choose how the story proresses. For example, going rambo mode in the precinct and not getting put on World's Most Wanted list, let alone not having conseqences at all. Side missions are pretty much just smaller versions of the game itself. If you like this game, you'll like the side missions. Last but not least is the atmosphere. Great music score, with an awesome cyberpunk art style ( think Perfect Dark's Chicago mission but 85% of the game, they change it up on you here and there). A very enjoyable lengthy game that you'll get lost in for hours upon hours.10/10 Stealth TakedownsP.S. The Director's Cut brought refined boss fights that now cater to the stealth playthrough now and the Missing Link DLC, which is basically a huge side mission to the regular game."
76561198120543510,Recommended,238010,12964436,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,dewald1988,"loved the story.. for some reason games with great stories have always interested me then a game with only great gameplay.. its like watching a movie and playing a game at the same time.. i wish there were some more better crime drama story games but the way the gaming indurstry is going, im guessing there will be a ton... I wasnt in-love with ending, i dont want to spoil it for anyone who hasnt played so I wont get specific, but I wish there would of been a little more closure to it with some of the characters.. this is just a minor blip though, because the game makes for it in all the other ways. if you enjoy a great storyline while playing a game, then this one is perfect for ya."
,Recommended,238010,11492190,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Doland Troomp,Is game. is gooood game. stalthy shooty pew pew pew killing bad bois with big shooty gun pew sneaking and then shooting pewpew jumping and moar pew pew wow so fun is pew pew game and sneeking game pewpew is so fun
76561198078801105,Recommended,238010,11711441,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,mutantbroom,This game doesnt work for me but it looks fun.
76561198074477689,Recommended,238010,11716689,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,DeadlyHumans,its like a futureistic dishonored mixed with mass effect and cod
,Recommended,238010,11705637,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Dexter,"Deus Ex: Human Revolution is a work of art. It's a wonderful blend between action, stealth, and role-playing. And to complement that is a well written and well cast story. I'd recommend it to any science fiction fan. I was new to the Deus Ex series, so don't worry about not having played the earlier games. I highly recommend them as well, however.I'm not sure what I can say that hasn't been said about this game. It should be on everyone's list."
76561198122983239,Recommended,238010,11709687,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Dog_Lance99,"ABSOLUTELY AMAZING! An amazing story, combined with a good combat system, even awesome Mini-games that help make this solo game an absolute 10 out of 10! (Plus the gun customization isn't terrible either)"
76561198030917488,Recommended,238010,11783104,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Dax,"This game is top of the line in every level; Gameplay is flawless, controls are very gamer friendly. Stunning visuals with a beautiful in game world to move around in. Storyline is very nicely executed and then, there is its unique voice acting, making it all a very entertaining game.The many different ways you can defeat your target or accomplishing your mission gives you a lot of freedom of choice and lets your brain use its imagination as you come up with different strategies.Choices do matter. How you approach a situation does matter, too, so one piece of advice, never rush to use your Proxys. Decide what you wish to upgrade as you go, as you need them, this way you will always have something useful available to help you accomplish your task at hand.I give this game a 9/10, because it is an almost flawless masterpiece.Why is it not flawless?, ... well, the graphics are a bit lacking during the cut scenes. (it is stupid, I know, but it bugged me)"
,Recommended,238010,11762540,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Caps,It was a genuinely solid game and I enjoyed it.
,Recommended,238010,11749472,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Mr.Kill1234,Great game especially for those familiar with the first Deus Ex.
76561198060844902,Recommended,238010,11771185,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Gameguru,"One of the most amazing stealth games i have ever played. if you have not played this game yet, please do so. you will thank me later.overall score 8.5/10"
,Recommended,238010,11773582,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Bloodbath,I recommend this game!
,Recommended,238010,11756209,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,CJ-fromtheguard,"Love the style of game play. The replayability is amazing. You dont i think ever get enougn levels to max yourself out before the game is over. So you can try and do different strategies on how your character gets built to handle the environment and the missions. I never put points into the straight up weapons stuff always support stuff like hacking and turret and bot control and stuff. I play stealthy and tactically, but if you want you can armor up and weapon power up and go in all UGH HUH YEAH TAKE THAT all rambo style. The graphics even on the lowest HD card avaiable of the market the Intel 4000 HD a 32 mb integrated vid card, handles medium/medium high graphics and at that they still look amazing. Definately recommend getting this game if you likfe the Fallout and New Vegas and Skyrim/Oblivion open world RPG's. Dont get the standard go for the ultimate one director's cut you get all the DLC's and extra♥♥♥♥♥♥for i think mathed out it is 70% off if you buy them individually. And Director's Cut has stuff that is not found available anytime or place or where else."
76561198070836093,Recommended,238010,11759337,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Venom009,A fit performance for a good playing time
,Recommended,238010,11760022,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,brimstone,"This is a great game that I recently finished.  The storyline is very interesting and the game play is excellent though I thought the graphics weren't as good as they could have been.I had one crash playing this game repeatedly in one spot which almost spoiled the experience but it was to inform me I didn't have an item so once I got that item, I could get past that cut screen.Overall a very good game, well worth the purchase."
,Recommended,238010,11761558,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Carpe Verpa,By far the best breaking and entering sim I've played in my entire life.
,Recommended,238010,11761917,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,WigMaster,"Rating: 9/10Deus Ex: Human Revolution is not a game to be forgotten soon. Be it a compelling story influenced by your own decisions, an excellent engine and graphical style, or the fluid, multi-pathed gameplay that ties the whole game together, DE:HE is an experience for the mind and a worthwhile use of your twenty dollars (or five if you bought it on the summer sale like me. Heh heh heh...)If not for a few icky, forced boss fights, this would be a perfect game. However, you should still pick this up regardless of this flaw."
76561198021096179,Recommended,238010,11603452,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Top Doggo,I did ask for this.9/11 would coverup Roswell again.  The answer to 1984 is $14.95 at the Alex Jones Store.Pls buy water filters.
76561198063186504,Recommended,238010,11605594,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Zombie Killer,Very Good Game have comp;ete. This is the best what i have ever played. Highly recommented
76561198088180034,Recommended,238010,11606655,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Antwone,"At first I felt the mechanics of this game were flawed. Then I used a controller instead, stuck through the first hour, and realized the game was magnificent. Possibly one of the longest campaigns ever, and the most intriguing. Give it a try"
,Recommended,238010,11609179,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Drekros,"Epic is a small word, both gameplay and story are fun and enticing, i played for 12 hours straight one night because i just couldnt stop, and i never play longer then 3, it gets better the more you play and even when its over you feel both a sense of loss like a good friend moving far away, and a sense of accomplishment, way to go DX team."
,Recommended,238010,11668484,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,The Pope,"A moderate update to a fantastic game. If you've played the original, you don't really need to run out and get this, but if you've never played Human Revolution, this is a fantastic game, one of my favorites despite its many, MANY flaws. The bosses are still a joke, the pacing's a little lopsided, and the Missing Link is mediocre, but the stealth is fantastic, the game rewards you for being nonlethal instead of punishing you for playing how you want, and customization is fantastic. If you like stealth games, RPGs, and first person shooters, totally give it a crack. It's one of the best of its breed."
,Recommended,238010,11648295,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,dusty_thoreau,"I stopped playing after I got to the Missing Link portion of the game. I said before in my Missing Link review that it was the best part of the game. Really I just played the Director's Cut to see how they handled the bosses and I like what they did in that regard. I also like how they integrated the Missing Link in the game so now it feels like a full, longer game now. Whatever they did to the graphics made my computer run like♥♥♥♥♥♥ but that's probably my hardware's fault and not the games. Definately worth buying over the original version of Deus Ex: HR. ♥♥♥♥, in my opinion, they should just remove the original Deus Ex: HR game and just replace it with this version on Steam."
76561198088339633,Recommended,238010,11673813,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Harv,One of the best games I've played in recent years. Buy it. 11/10
76561198074597828,Recommended,238010,11652669,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,scpp142857,Excellent  game!
76561198061840957,Recommended,238010,12018353,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,DoctorPatB,"Dis is da dank♥♥♥♥♥♥ no jokes. This game is hard to get into, but once you do get into this vivid world it's hard to leave. Deus Ex Human Revolution has great gameplay, an OUTSTANDING story, and for it's time decent visuals. The gameplay is intense but you also get time to roam around the amazing world. The stealth dynamics are easy to learn if you are new to stealth or you can go all out physco and murder the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of everything (cept the kushbots, you'll findout). Can't spoil the story, just play it.Deus Ex is like if Bioshock and Metal Gear had an ogerindulge child that started dating Fallout, nuff said."
,Recommended,238010,7676486,"Posted: 16 November, 2013",all,Professor Doctor,"The Director's Cut improves upon the original game, mainly by allowing different solutions to boss fights (which were my only complaint about the base version) based on how you choose to augment. Also, improved textures, seamless integration of The Missing Link DLC, optional commentary by the creative team, and a bunch of minor tweaks help make this game worth revisiting.I never asked for this, but I'm glad they made a Director's Cut."
,Recommended,238010,11887664,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Voltrex,"To anyone who have ever played the original Deus Ex ...this game is a must to play!It offers a great story, great gameplay various level completion and a great Augment Systemthat will make you to restart the game and try different ""builds"".The only problem I had, was with the difficulty level. Hard mode could be a bit more challenging.The visuals in this game are great and also the characters which you interract.A well done game that is worth the money and time to spend it on!10/10"
,Not Recommended,238010,11901720,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Omega Preacher,"Loved the first DE, hated the second, gave the third everything I could, but after being forced into stealth, funneled through encounter after encounter that were only really able to be completed in one way, and putting up with an awful storyline, I got to the DLC mission and, without spoilering, the way it slaps you in the face made me ragequit. The orange tint didn't really do it for me, either, if I'm honest.On the plus side, I've now got DE:GotY on my steam account, and I've learnt to appreciate Dishonored more despite it having one of my least favourite typos within its name."
,Recommended,238010,7450636,"Posted: 22 October, 2013",all,Pharaoh Dez,I never asked for this.Actually I did.
76561198130149718,Recommended,238010,11908628,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Omnicron,"9.5/10Not only does this game have an absolutely immersive story and an amazing RPG style were everything you do affects later parts of the game but it has great combat, amazing bosses and some extremely tough choices.Unfortunately the hardest game mode isn't actually that difficult."
,Recommended,238010,11909027,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,✪Shoujo-kun✪,Great game!
76561198060156830,Recommended,238010,11841019,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Realgigclin,"i just beat the game, 39 hours.  For me, i dont want to♥♥♥♥♥♥deus ex fans off but for me this game took alot getting used to.  For some reason i would say the first 5 hours i was having no fun at all.  Falling asleep.  Im big on storys and this games story is great i really enjoyed that part.  I would recommend this to anyone who is a hardcore RPG player and likes stealth games, because in my opinion this game has to be played stealth.  I tried playing guns a blazing and it just didnt work for me.  That reminds me, this game is on HARD GAME!  i loved it though im a big fan of games where you die more that you live.  I played it through on the hardest setting and never changed it.In the end i give human revolution a 7/10 its a damn good game, but i had some problems were i felt like falling asleep half the time of boardom"
,Recommended,238010,11844897,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,xDischarged,IIIIII AAAAAAAMMMMMM ADDDDDEEMMMMM JJJEEENNNNSSSOOOOONNN / 10AKA Square Enix Shilling V 2013
,Recommended,238010,11936610,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,rn4⊗,"Ruined my life. 10/10, on my ++++newgame"
76561198014056666,Recommended,238010,11938387,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Père Duchesne,"Deus Ex: Human Revolution is a very good game which succeeds in bringing the fascinating Deus Ex universe into the newer generation of games and gamers. It excels primarily in two areas. Firstly, the stealth gameplay is very enjoyable and with consequences depending on whether or not one chooses to kill or merely subdue one's enemies. The levelling system (through human augmentation) is also very interesting and continually provides new dynamics to the gameplay, keeping it fresh. The fact that there are also many different paths leading to one's mission goals which may or may not be accessible due to one's playing style and where one chooses to spend one's augments is also a welcome achievement in an age of increasingly linear RPG titles.The best feature of Deus Ex: Human Revolution, however, just like its predecessors, is the storyline. The truly believeable dystopian not-so-distant future in which humans have to decide how they stand towards their own improvement through augmentations is transferred faithfully into Human Revolution along with all of its ethical and moral dilemmas. This reviewer, for one, regrets that the developers did not play more on the main protagonist's conflict between initially disliking augments and being forced without his consent to have them. It is the backstory, rather than the immediate one and its characters which makes the game truly interesting. Nonetheless, this is a feature that adds significantly to the appeal of this title.All in all, Human Revolution is a very good game. There are a few ways in which it could have been improved dramatically to become a true classic of our times. However, with solid gameplay and a great storyline, Deus Ex: Human Revolution is definitely worth your time. 8.5/10."
76561198047756297,Recommended,238010,11946502,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,jobadic,"Writing a review for such a big and pretty lenghty game is challenging. In my opinion, this is a game that should be talked about amongst friends and choices they made throughout the game and their own moral standing regarding technology and it´s influence on modern society.Deus Ex: Human Revolution is a prequel to the first game in the Deus Ex series, Deus Ex from 2000. The story is set in 2027, 25 years before the events of the original Deus Ex, and in the center of it all is an ex-swat trying to find out the truth behind the curtain of lies, deceit and conspiracy, while simultaneously dealing with his own personal loss and tragedy. This tragedy  will define him ( or better yet, YOU, the PLAYER ) as a person and his own moral take on science and technology.The gameplay, itself, is pretty varied and offers a number of ways on how to complete an objective, whether you prefer stealth, hacking, action or, even, social interaction. That type of gameplay nicely corresponds with the story since in Human Revolution everything is about choice and exploration. Whether your choices/your exploration really mattered at the end.....well....that´s up to YOU to decide.Since I haven´t played the first Deus Ex and it´s sequel Invisible War, I can´t say that the game is worthy of it´s predecessors, but what I can say is that I really enjoyed this game in it´s 35 hour run and I definitely recommend this game to anyone interested in cyber-punk type game in which your choices paint the story and, in a way, maybe, YOU."
76561198022936527,Recommended,238010,10713284,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,RETRIBUTION,nice games
76561198072573725,Recommended,238010,10713966,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,GhostCthulhu,"This game has a great story, and awesome gameplay mechanics! Would recommend!"
76561198116754623,Recommended,238010,10718375,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,lpampolini,"An awesome game that mixes first person shooter and RPG elements; moreover, the different choices and ways of doing the gameplay and history make it replayable."
,Recommended,238010,10537090,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,PC ELITIST,"Great game, love the cyberpunk feel but with a less blue feel to itreally great game10/10"
,Recommended,238010,10538243,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,craseder,"Awesome atmosphere and explorability.  Exploration is well-rewarded, and almost always pays well."
76561198023926655,Recommended,238010,7551651,"Posted: 2 November, 2013",all,Mumrik,Deus Ex refined and retuned !! Still great atmosphere and you cannot go wrong with this one !!
76561198094811515,Recommended,238010,10538806,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,teawithcthulhu,"Well, I had a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of fun playing this game, because so much of the gameplay and story is incredible. The world-building revealed to you through dialogue and ebooks scattered around is really in-depth and engrossing, and there were definitely good characters to enjoy. Ahhh, Adam and your angsty existential crisis manpain :D :D Thematically, DXHR succeeds too, because the entire thing with transhumanism is handled quite well and doesn't smack you in the face with a conclusion (The game doesn't straight up tell you AUGMENTS ARE THE ULTIMATE EVIL, nor does it say AUGMENTS ARE THE ULTIMATE GOOD, which I find refreshing)The game itself is enjoyable and immersive. I did find the cover based combat slightly annoying, but the multitude of paths and augments makes stealth a viable and fun experience. There are different types of guns (all upgradable) for each type of player, so you can handle your opponents up close or far away, lethally or nonlethally....it's your choice. Of course, the limited amount of upgrades at first will restrict you to a certain type of playthrough, but really, there is enough stuff packed into Deus Ex that everything is permitted.Bloody awesome game worthy of its price for sure."
76561198036725520,Recommended,238010,10540537,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Arcbound,"There is honestly so much to say about this game. The graphics are gorgeous, the storyline is great, and the dialogue flows smoothly. You can play however you want; extra-lethal shooter who takes no crap, the stealthy rogue, the nonlethal pacifist, or anything in-between.This is one of my personal top games, and one of the examples I have for presenting video games as an artform."
76561198037381734,Recommended,238010,10542762,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Bumblefoot Stumbleduck,"Never before has so much unintentional hilarity been possible in a game that tries to take itself ever so seriously. Worth it just for the absurd situations, not to mention a pretty decent story."
,Recommended,238010,10550874,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Another Game,This game is good
76561197979436145,Recommended,238010,10596085,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Tempest656,An amazing game!
,Recommended,238010,11111463,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,The Blood of True,Love the story and gameplay.  Great game.
76561198073409622,Recommended,238010,10504641,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Pandemic,"The best game I have ever played. Not just the story or gameplay, the graphics where fantastic. The games runs amazing on my midrange laptop, I cant even run metro 2033 on medium, yet I can run this beauty on full settings! This game is a perfect example of a game developed and optimized for the pc, not some multiple platform halfbaked pice of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ I give it 10/10, a true equal to the greats, such as halflife"
,Recommended,238010,10507039,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Fahim,"As an avid player of Stealth Genre I claim this game is a must play for all stealth fans out there, this game belongs to oneof the niche genres and is a hyrbrid Stealth/RPG, the game lets you take a Stealth approach or the aggressive guns blazing approach thanks to all the Augmentations that you can equip to suit with your playstyle, if you are used  to playing FPS games the game isn't really great when it comes to firing your weapons with accuracy so it is best suited to take the stealth approach as its much more fun this way. For those of you looking for the best bang for your dollar per hour the gameplay will last you somwhere around 30-40 hours including side quests, I am in no position to compare this with its legendary predecessor game DEUS EX as I haven't played it yet.That being said the game takes its storytelling very seriously, it raises awareness regarding human evolution on a matter of international level with a lot of espionage and controversy involved among various organisations, a theme that many games have been unable to successfully execute. For those of you who dislike very linear gameplay the game offers around 12 different endings based on how stealthy or aggressive your approach has been throughout the campaign.The game is smooth on its graphics, for a game released in 2011 fortunately it is not taxing on your system and thus should run fine at medium settings on a decent pc with medium level hardware, The game design particularly the various cities although short and compact are well detailed and have done a good job in capturing a theme of their own, those of you that are fans of open world might get dissapointed. Navigating the city of Lower Hengsha can be a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥if not for the markers  within the city.This edition of the game called 'The Director's Cut' comes with the Missing Link DLC integrated into the main quest line and fixes for the boss fights, you can now take a stealth approach and dispose off bosses in a stealthy manner without drawing their aggro.Nothing more fun than hacking into enemy's systems and turn their drones to attack them.My verdict8/10"
,Recommended,238010,10566406,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,grand_kai,"This game is awesome. Great gameplay, engaging music and atmosphere amazing storyline. I'm very happy they improved the boss fights with the Directors Cut. Whilst the game does let you choose how you want to complete each level, it does have a heavy stealth bias. The storyline is by far the game's best strength. And I actually enjoyed listening to some of the commentary by the devs (you can turn it off easily if you want). Definitely recommend."
,Recommended,238010,10572988,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,[PINK] JarJar2,"This is quite simply one of the best games I've ever played.  It allows you multiple angles of attack, violent and pacifist options and has high replayability.  The game is balanced, and on replay becomes more enjoyable as you get all of your Praxis points from the previous playthrough in the next one.10/10"
,Recommended,238010,8176147,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Draedan,"Quite frankly one of the best single player RPGs I've ever encountered, ranking right next to likes of the original Deus Ex and System Shock 2.The Missing Link is a decent chunk of content that was cut and released as optional DLC because they were afraid it was too stealth focused compared to the rest of the game's “choose your approach” style, but personally I found it fit right along side the rest of the story. Also included is the previously pre-order only “Tong's Rescue” mission, and  the weapon packs that were available for individual purchase. Instead of breaking the pacing and balance of the game by dumping them in your inventory along with a large sum of credits with little canon reasoning, however, they are now placed as mission rewards and pickups in hard to reach areas, further down the line.The most important change, in my opinion, is that of the tweaked boss fights. Previously, even if you were to choose stealthy and non-lethal approach throughout most of the game, it dropped you in one on one to-the-death combat with a powerful foe. Not exactly the most pleasant thing when all you have on you is a stun gun and some knockout gas grenades. Now, you can truly go back to choosing your own approach to taking out your enemies, as every boss now has a completely new way of being defeated besides going all in with weapons blazing. Also worth mentioning are some updated lighting effects and model tweaks, though to be fair they aren't entirely noticeable unless you're coming straight from the original release.Overall, if you're like me and played it on release without any DLC, are an original Deus Ex fan on the fence, or just a new player in general, I'd highly recommend this purchase."
76561198025143866,Recommended,238010,7906135,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,jnozsc,"Even with some performence issue, it is still the best cyber punk game ever."
76561198082329331,Recommended,238010,7979065,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Parrot,"i have played and beaten this game before on the ps3 and just saw this the other day and got happy as hell as iv never had the chance to play the missing link or tongs rescue mision dlc's but iv noticed one thing, what about the weapons you got from those dlcs? like the silenced sniper rifle or double barrel shotgun? are they still in the game (previous version your given those two afore mentioned right after you get off the b-ee for your first mission) other than that so far it looks great and im sure to love it as i did before :)"
,Recommended,238010,7981711,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Mr. Barnes,"Heck yes, I recommend this game!The story itself is worth the $20, but the game play is especially worth it. Either stealthy or all out guns blazing? You decide. Moral decisions abound and change the outcome of the game. Fluid movement and graphics are incredible. I'm going to launch the game and play it again after writing this review. Like, right now."
76561198031541389,Recommended,238010,7986835,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,01001000 01001001,"Even on highest difficulty it's easy.  Also not very much is RPG about this since there are no real choices.  You get a room at the end where it's ""press this button to see this ending cinematic"".  The gameplay was so jarringly different at the end that it seemed like it was more than just rushed, it was shot out of a cannon."
,Recommended,238010,7465708,"Posted: 24 October, 2013",all,Truther,"Deus Ex: Human Revolution - Director's Cut is simply all around awesome well made, well polished, fun, intreaging, a very possable near future when man and machine are joined and all the issues that come with it. You will just have to try it out to see for your self 9.5/10"
76561197967215677,Recommended,238010,8006414,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,kineticsteve,"Great Game, really enjoy it. Has fun game play and a well written story line. Lots of in game books and newspapers and dialogue  to really draw you into the game world. Different ways to achieve the missions (stealth, Rambo style, hacker, etc.) and it looks good too.Didn't notice any bugs either."
,Recommended,238010,9205632,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,gbeck,"Played this on Xbox but could'nt get into it, decided to give it another go on PC. Well worth it. Director's cut runs smoothly on my rig. Gameplay is very atmospheric with multiple paths and solutions to missions. I like to mix it up with aggresion and stealth.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,238010,9206240,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Xylish,Best steath game streamlined. Cool augmentations and excellent story about human augmentations. Epic music as well!!
76561198093380344,Recommended,238010,9190412,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Father Of Peace,great game gets amazing after first boss the dlc is cruel as hell in beginning of dlc mission by taking all your stuff away weapons / upgrades ect but later gives it back and you forgive it. it a amazing game and i highly reccomend it.
,Recommended,238010,9197674,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,ValiantShadow,"The original version was already quite wonderful, with eye-catching cyberpunk visuals, fun and energetic first and third-person combat, and awesome sound-design. Add that to the myriad of player-choice, and the improvements made to the boss battles within this new director's cut version, and I can wholeheartedly recommend this game to anyone who enjoys cyberpunk, or RPGs."
76561198052474792,Recommended,238010,9197748,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Zen_if,Cyber sneaky awesomesauce!
76561198113117588,Recommended,238010,9197795,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,dka4115,"I haven't finished this game, but it is one of the best I've played.Graphics 9/10 (not a big fan of the art style)Audio 8/10 (sounds a bit fuzzy and loud)Gameplay 8/10 (it needs better melee)Lasting Quality 10/10 (you can play 10 times and never get bored)"
,Recommended,238010,9199877,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Librarius Booker,"Human Revolution allows you to play the game in the style you prefer. If being stealthy, sneaking around, and hacking is your style, you can do that. On the other hand, if you prefer to go in guns blazing, you have the option of playing like that as well. The level design is not linear at all, there are multiple routes you can take and you playstyle may dictate whether you run in through the front door or take the vents to get to the objective. The music is great and changes based on the situation you are in. Some of the flaws are the A.I is not always the smartest and a lot of the npc's look and sound the same as another you were just speaking to. Overall this game is great and is definitely worth a try as you will mostly likely play it through more than once."
,Recommended,238010,7690617,"Posted: 18 November, 2013",all,|[●▪▪●]|,"Really cool game, story is a little drawn out but I enjoyed it."
76561198045819115,Recommended,238010,9203005,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Sealsteel,"Moral choices of humans future conflicts while the scientists want to unlock the next step of human kind.You get youself tangled between it all while you try to unlock the secrets before you.Hard choices ahead of you while you try to find the truth.This games comes with many diffrent ways to play.You may be a brutal killing machine, a stealthy detective or something in between the choice is yours.I recommend this game to anyone who like futuristic worlds with advanced technologi machines, vapen, combat with hands, manipulate peoples mind with ideas and false information. it's a nice RPG element within it."
,Recommended,238010,9241475,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Shredder,Best ever.
76561197992865058,Recommended,238010,9241957,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,mllamble,"As far as I'm concerned, this is an excellent game.  The gameplay is nicely varied, giving you plenty of options and ways of approaching any given problem.  The original DE:HR had some shortcomings when it came to the boss fights, in that they became just shootouts, but the Director's Cut gives you plenty of options for dispatching the bosses, which is nice."
,Recommended,238010,9243114,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,SpecialCheddar,"4/5 I've never played this series before and since this is a prequel I'll definitly be checking out the others in the future. the story was great, and the back story they layered into the game definitly helped when the developers could have just assumed the player knew most of the future events."
,Recommended,238010,9244920,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Noit Roider,"My favorite thing about this game is the sheer scope of it, my first play through took 54 hours (doing most every side mission along the way) and I am now on to my second play through.  Every decision you make has a real, noticable effect on your gameplay experience, and the designers have gone out of their way to make you feel immered in the Jensen's world.  My personal favorite touches include the fact that if you read through npc's emails you see that they recieve and react to spam mail, and that if you muck around in the womens toilets, you get called out for it by other characters. I mean, what?  I never did that.If you've played the other Deus Ex games, you'll notice some similarities in overall game layout and plot development, I took that as a nod to the old and appreciated it, however it in no way impeded my gaming experience.  To reassure potential new players, no prior knowledge of the series is required.The best thing about the gameplay is the stealth/cover mechanic.  I wish that more games put as much effort into their stealth mechanic as the designers of DEHR did.  With regard to system functionality; at first I encountered multiple bugs, in short, issues with functionality on Windows 8.1 (other 8.1 users, solution was a google search away, easy reg edit), but once they were fixed the game ran smoothly.All in all, a really, REALLY great game."
,Recommended,238010,10933571,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,[SVFT] Majored Laxness,Worth getting. Serious improvement on original game. Lots of good content and added a strong replayability factor. Great stealth game.
,Recommended,238010,10627726,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Jaskλr,"I never asked for this.But I'm really glad I bought it anyways, it's worth every cent and then some.Great mix of action/shooting/stealth/and decision making.It just makes for a perfect game overall, I hold it in VERY high regard."
76561198026703898,Recommended,238010,10773571,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Whexi,Great RPG Third Person Shooter in a futuristic setting. I would recommend to anyone who still hasn't played it.
,Recommended,238010,10776827,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Sheetstainz,Got a skill that let me punch 2 ♥♥♥♥♥s instead of 110/10
,Recommended,238010,10845031,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,DanQo,One of the best i've ever played.
76561197982135662,Recommended,238010,10846347,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,jvargas2774,Gameplay (so far) is better than I thought it was going to be.
76561198040847284,Recommended,238010,10847376,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,thunderpuppy_79,"This game is tremendous.  It combines the best aspects of a stealth game,  rpg, and a shooter.  Very satisfying story (a little confusing). Finished and immediately started the game again and had a completely different playthrough by building a different type of character."
,Recommended,238010,10520651,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Aniah,"Great gameplay with stealth,RPG,FPS and a lot more, this game is a masterpiece with it's great story and maps, the cities are roaming with people and secrets, money is not too hard to get but never waste it on unimportant things such as beer and drinks (funny things happen when you drink them). The map design gives you so many ways to beat this game wheather you go in with a minigun and shooting everything that moves or take the stealthy more silent way. 10/10"
,Recommended,238010,10604120,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,itainet,"An incedible mix of RPG and FPS, all in a strange sci-fi scenario where man has evolved beyond mere flesh."
76561198065133029,Recommended,238010,9058259,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Lone Wanderer,"DX:HR is best descibed as a sequel to original DX. Original DX had more rpg elements but everything else (gameplay) is more or less the same. If you loved the first game, you should definitely buy this one to.Recommend."
,Recommended,238010,9062134,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,『 N3PN3P』,"*First Serious Review*Deus Ex : Human Revolution be it the Director's Cut or not is an amazing game. In this review I plan on examining every important aspect of the game, evaluate it on a 1 - 10 scale, then add up all the results and get the average.Gameplay - 9/10The most important part of Video Games. In Deus Ex, gameplay is somewhat similar to generic FPS games, however it adds a realistic touch by adding the cover system. The cover system is almost required to actually stay alive because starting out, (Prologue not included) you can easily be killed in 2 hits (I know by experience).However the cover system can be a bit wonky on the keyboard. Another really cool gameplay element is the ability to add new Augmentations to yourself. Augmentations include the ability to : Find People's Personality, Create a deadly shockwave around you to kill foes, Invisibility cloaking, Badass Shades and many more. Inventory management is like Resident Evil where you have to find ways to fit all your stuff in the right position. In a way, this game can be compared to Dishonored in the Future.Story - 10/10The story's output is dependent on which choices you make during conversations, the no. of civilians you saved and what you do in the game in general. Because of this, it is very similar to Dishonored, story-wise as it also sports multiple endings.This feature truly adds more realism to the game.Graphics - 8.8/10This game's graphics are pretty good during the cutscenes, but are pretty lackluster during gameplay unless you play on maxed out settings.Scenery - 9/10The game's scenery perfectly fits what you would think the earth would look like when almost everyone wants to become Rex ""Power"" Colt and the rest who disagree about it rebel. However what you see in this game, is not what you get. Some of the really cool things you see in the game, are just backrounds so that sucks.Voice Acting - 9/10This game has great voice acting. Each character's voice is really fitting for them, especially Adam Jensen's. However the character's mouths sometimes lag behind resulting in weird cutscenes.Final Verdict - 45.8/50 or 9.2/10This is a great game and is even fairly priced for what it has in it. This game doesn't really require a good PC as I have a terrible processor and can run this game at around 45 fps at 1280 x ??? graphics. To be honest this game is like a mixture of Resident Evil 4 and Dishonored as I said before. Gujab Square Enix for not making this game like MindJack."
,Recommended,238010,9063807,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Tom♫,"I didn't like the original version of Human Revolution, and I've never really cared for the original Deus Ex either.This was great though, one of the few games where I actually wanted to go off the beaten path because I know I'd unlock something or find something cool.Like most mainstream videogames, its story was its weakest point, but it pushed you to progress.Hopefully the next game won't be limited by PS3/360 the way this game was."
,Recommended,238010,8683729,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,…,Great. They fixed the bosses. They're so much better. You can either tackle them head on or try the indirect route. I still wish you could find a way to skip them.
,Recommended,238010,8948334,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,markomaani,GOTY 2028
,Recommended,238010,9017633,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Cpt. Falconator,Sorry... This is the only thing I can say about this.BUY IT! IT IS AMAZING!
76561198003340520,Recommended,238010,7489513,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,NoneSmith,"The Deus Ex that we all wanted, one long epic of a Sci-Fi action hero story."
,Recommended,238010,19762128,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Christina Kat,">Bough the Ultimate Edition from the mac app store and played through it>Got into Steam so I bought it on sale to get the Director's cut>Played through it like 4 times>99 hours>Got all the achievements>Have the lvl 5 and foil badge>Pre-ordered Deus Ex: Mankind Divided after they trashed the ""augment your pre-order"" program>Yes, I recommend this>Yes, I asked for this"
,Recommended,238010,19749612,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,ShawnDevinInCarlsbad,"The lipsync in the in game conversations is terrible.  Some of the worst I've ever seen.  rather distracting.  The look of the environment is ok.  Not as good as I would have hoped.  all that aside, the game play is fantastic.  love the wepons, love the fighting, love the hacking mini-games, this is one of my favorite of this franchise (which is one of my favorite game franchises).  Oh.  and the endings all suck.  even the 'good' one.  I often re-play this game because it is so much fun, but stop right before I make the end choice as to which ending I want to watch just so I don't have to sit through any of them.  but i re-play the game pretty often, just because it is fun.  I really liked the tweaks they added to the directors cut, particularly the first 'boss' fight level redesign.  It really made it easier to accomplish, and a lot more fun to play through that bit."
76561198174009341,Not Recommended,238010,19775732,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,scott8188,does not work on windows 10 it starts but will not close and it also crashs my computer
,Recommended,238010,19578011,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,RapeFace Henry,"Sitting here, I thought this game would be a short game.  But NOOOOOO~~~ this game has took me 1 month to finish because this game has SO MUCH TO OFFER!!! LONG ENOUGH TO PLAY FOR HOURS!!!!11"
,Recommended,238010,19580780,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Mr Peanut,Very entertaining.  Replay value is low but a very enjoyable experience.  Definitely worth it.
76561197967296127,Recommended,238010,19681734,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Gluteus_Maximus,"Got this game for around 5-10 bucks on sale, great buyI get bored easy, but this game had a captivating story and decent gameplay, i finished the game, and i cant say that ive finished many lately.The story is really in a way, the future to come, theres issues that will  arise soon in our real world with human cybernetics. Really cool to think aboutI will DEFINITELY be buying the next Deus Ex Game9/10"
,Recommended,238010,19735194,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,RIIVAAA,I punched a quest NPC in the face just to prove myself quests suck.I was wrong.
,Recommended,238010,30391985,Posted: 8 March,all,DEDEDEJr,"An incredibly rich cyberpunk world with incredible design, gameplay, and music. The Director's Cut improves upon the weakest part of the original release - the boss battles. Essential for any fan of stealth games, immersive worldbuilding, and the original Deus Ex."
76561198317801213,Recommended,238010,30386028,Posted: 7 March,all,havoc1818,"Very good game, didnt have any bugs while playing and it has quite good story.+ good environment details.+ Multiple options in conversations, so you can be bad or good guy.+ Option of choking or killing enemies, smeak past most of the enemies or kill them all.+ Good boss fights, easy with couple tricks, or you can do it the hard way.- ending and boss fight cutscenes seemed bit rushed for my taste, but wont effect the game experience."
,Recommended,238010,30379763,Posted: 7 March,all,straight2hell,"I originally went out to play DX:MD until I noticed my GPU won't be able to handle it until I upgrade, so I bought DX:HR. And I must say I am surprised about how much this game catches me. It offers interesting characters, actual conversations and lots of different possible playstyles. I personally favor the pacifist way but I guess it is absolutely possible to go ham as well, considering all the possible augmentations.Only problem: There is at least one bug I noticed. In a Director's Cut Version. Really? I am not pleased about not being able to finish Cloaks & Daggers at all, not even with the help of some workarounds.But I guess it is not too bad either, it just makes me wonder.It is nevertheless an amazing game and I kind of already fall for the whole tranhumanism kind of topic.This is a really solid buy. I would totally recommend getting it if you haven't already. Especially considering it is possible to get it really cheap when in sale."
76561198043295880,Recommended,238010,28237373,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,EhDubb,"It's just OK.The gameplay isn't breaking any records, though it is a competent cover-based sneaky shooter. The ending is a disappointment that, for me, taints the whole experience. The gameplay flow screeches to a halt every time you melee someone or use a supermove so the camera can zoom out and show off a stock animation that is really cool the first couple times, but after a couple hours I wished it would just get on with it. Half of the skill upgrades are either completely useless, or very situational, or provide miniscule improvements. And the cover/combat system feels clumsy. This is NOT a nice clean RPG shooter. The Division's cover system and weapon handling are far better. Perhaps an unfair comparison considering the shooting--like the graphics and character models--have aged about as well as orange juice behind the fridge. And the icing on top is that Fullscreen Windowed is not an option. Normally I wouldn't care but this game hates alt+tabbing and it's sooo slow in between story missions I've got YouTube running on the other screen the whole time.There's some good stuff though. I like how the inventory system works. I like how you mod your weapons as you progress, applying a new magazine you found here and a barrel you bought there. The hub worlds are well designed, and I don't think I was ever groaning over the commute between main missions. Side activites are... there; offering decent rewards that contribute to the main game.  The hacking is pretty cool, though it didn't set my crotch ablaze either.I dunno, I'm just lukewarm to the whole thing. I recommend, but if there was a ""Meh"" rating I could give, it'd be that. It's perfectly functional, nicely polished and all, but it just isn't that interesting."
,Recommended,238010,7787082,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Aeon in Ashes,If you already own Deus Ex HR then youll definetly want this includes all DLC released re done boss battles with hacking turrents  and poison gas showers and the graphics in this look far sharper than the first i highly recommend this game even if you dont own the original DE HR this is a great time to play the game!
76561198020744254,Recommended,238010,7698851,"Posted: 19 November, 2013",all,BigBoss,"If you do not own Deus Ex Human Revolution yet, or the DLCs, or you are a fan of the series, you should no doubt pick up the Director's Cut."
,Recommended,238010,7789201,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Widowmaker,"One of the best espionage games made to this date. It's futuristic setting is immensely beautiful and involving. Characters are well written and acted and the story keeps you second guessing everyone's motives, actions and alliances. The world you can explore is not all that massive but there are many things to find, hidden secrets and side quests to complete. A spying stealth/action game with sci-fi and roleplaying elements should be an almost instant purchase for you, especially if you are into any of the mentioned genres. This game goes on a discount often as well.As to this date, I have 4 hours spent on the Director's Cut. I have 60 hours on the original copy of Deus Ex which consists of two seperate playthroughs. Director's Cut improves the graphics, options menu, connects The Missing Link DLC directly into the game, adds New Game Plus mode and many other details into the game."
76561197982484630,Recommended,238010,7789996,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Raaleth🐾,"Ironically, while DE: HR is a mix between cRPG and an FPS, it is much more cRPG-ish than most modern games described as computer role playing games. Virtually every quest can be solved in more than one way. You can sneak your way through, talk you way out of tight situations or simply enter the room guns blazing. The character development system allows you to tailor you protagonist to whatever playstyle you wish to choose.The plot is, at least for me, truly attention riveting - even if you will be able to get to all clues hidden in e-mails, pocket secretaries and eavesdrop on various dialogues, you still shouldn't fully figure out what is going on until late game (say, till somewhere around Singapore). The game has four different endings, each of which has ""three"" flavours depending on how you played the game.All of this is dressed in pretty neatly designed graphics.Only downsides? The AI could use a little work and sometimes it's simply too easy to sneak through, but for me that wasn't that much of a concern since I was focused on plot anyway. And there is a bit too much of backtracking in the Missing Link DLC, but these two faults seem meaningless when compared with the amount of good stuff this game has to offer."
76561198042679209,Recommended,238010,7793790,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,HoochyUchy,"I love Deus Ex: Human Revolution immensely.  It is almost unbelievebly detailed and absolutely gigantic.  It is an incredible update to the franchise.  The Director's Cut only increases this games value and is completely worth the pricetag, even if it is the five doller charge for upgrading.The new boss fights alone are worth it, but the game gives you so much more than that.  Not only do you get a documentary on the making of the game, but you also get the developer's commentary which is amazing in and of itself."
,Recommended,238010,7794901,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,patrink,"Deus Ex: Human Revolution was one of my favourite games of all time. It had an amazing single player campaign spanning roughly 40 hours of gameplay with a really good and well thought out main story, lots of side missions, tons of places to explore, and so much more. It is a mix between a stealth game, RPG, and action game with a cyberpunk theme and it mixes together very well. Additionally, it contains so much content that I played through the original game twice from start to finish just to be able to see everything.And the Director's cut just makes it better. It has improvements with many of the issues that plagued the non-director's cut edition including bosses done right, better A.I. and placed the DLC in the middle of the game rather than having it a standalone game. I played it from start to finish again with the commentary on, and found that there were so many hidden/subtle things in the game that I never even noticed the first two times playing it, and that really make this a true triple-A experience.I really hope to see more from the Deus Ex franchise and from Eidos Montreal. They really did an amazing job with this game."
76561197996325580,Recommended,238010,7794970,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,hzargon,just play it !!!!
,Recommended,238010,7756644,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,NJim,"Vastly improves on the original, which was already a great game.Performs better on my PC. Still get the occasional frame drop but most of the time it sits at 60fps.The boss fights are much improved, although you are still forced to kill them. But at least there are multiple ways to do them.The developer commentary is a nice touch too.Overall, if you havn't played DXHR, this is the version to get. If you have and you want to replay it, get this since you get it cheaper anyway."
,Recommended,238010,7728414,"Posted: 23 November, 2013",all,Glitchvid,"This is a fantastic game, the story and gameplay are fantastic, and while the visuals might not be next gen; the artstyle is one of the best I've seen even in next-gen games.I HIGHLY recommend this game, although if you can buy the non-directors cut edition, do that."
,Recommended,238010,7605021,"Posted: 8 November, 2013",all,Lord Morning Star,What better way to expirence Deus  Ex than the way it was meant to be!
76561198048826447,Recommended,238010,7757360,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,karljuhlke,A great choice-driven FPS stealth game that allows a player to complete it multiple times without beating it the same way twice.
,Recommended,238010,7534058,"Posted: 31 October, 2013",all,GiLneration,Glorious as ever.
,Recommended,238010,7608005,"Posted: 9 November, 2013",all,Dire Miralis,"Is your vision augmented?  If so, and you never asked for it, this is probably the game you want to play.  This game follows ex-cop JC Denton around Detroit as he punches people, throws boxes around, and double ♥♥♥♥♥slaps random hookers on the street.  If you liked this game, you should check out the sequel, Deus Ex 4: Deus Ex One.  The game also exposes lots of real life conspiracies like the aliens living in Area 51 and gas prices going up and other stuff the government doesn't want you to know about.  I also recommend listening to conspiracy radio shows such as Coast to Coast AM while playing to increase your sense of immersion.  You best start believing in conspiracy theories because you're in one."
,Recommended,238010,7750329,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,迷路,"Director's Cut fixes most if not all of the problems I had with the original game: No more linear boss battles, the DLC is now inside of the main game, the preorder-only weapons can now be found in the game and there is a New Game+ mode. If you already own Deus Ex III this is the perfect excuse to play through it all once again. If you never played it then this is a must buy- one of the most thrilling adventures you'll have, set in one of the most exciting settings you'll ever be.10/10"
,Recommended,238010,7750832,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,k a f f e i n a,You can play this game over and over and over again. Your investment will be worth it!
76561197961860435,Recommended,238010,7606494,"Posted: 8 November, 2013",all,Whyte.Oni,"Worth it, totaly. If you like good games with great story, mechanics, atmosphere, and characters you really should try this out."
76561197998208411,Recommended,238010,7968415,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,professional yaoi illustrator,great game :)
,Recommended,238010,7968653,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,[BL] gemini,Love it. Love it. Love it.
76561197984554624,Recommended,238010,7972334,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Livewirez,loving it!
,Recommended,238010,7973909,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,DeeGee,"Highly entertaining. Now that I got the last achievements on my 2nd playtrough (pacifist, bleeh), I think I'll go all leathal and have fun with all the other guns :)"
,Recommended,238010,7863660,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Aurelius,"A combination of tense and melancholic atmosphere, a captivating and immersive world and practically flawless gameplay make this sneaky first person role-playing spy game an experience that demonstrates how games like this ought to be made and leaves you craving for more."
76561198017660526,Recommended,238010,7864638,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,sprungbysweet,"Awesome is all I got to say, I played this game all the way through 4 times to see the different ending and get my acheivements for beating the game in different ways like no kills completely in stealth"
,Recommended,238010,8667332,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,swiftsoul,"it was a pretty kwl game i looved it but i would have say its not an upgrade from dues ex machine, was one of the greatest game iv played"
76561198107450848,Recommended,238010,8697603,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,skerdihaviari,"Amazing. Best game I've played since Baldurs's Gate 2, and I was a teen when I played that one. This game got me thinking and daydreaming several hours a day for a couple of weeks. Incredibly engaging, intellectual, moving, challenging, emotional, a true piece of art. If you value writing and imagination in games, don't think twice, go for it."
76561198055200835,Recommended,238010,8699632,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Indubitably,Great story
76561197970329460,Recommended,238010,8849926,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Aeneas2020,The definitive version of one of the best games i've ever played. Buy it and play it now! 9.75/10
76561197975509824,Recommended,238010,8859224,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,GiffTheGrey,"awesome game. i bought it when it first came out, but didn't actually get around to beating it until this director's cut came out. i played this game almost non-stop for about two weeks."
,Recommended,238010,8862451,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,AzNL3G3ND,Another great Deus Ex Game!!!! Totally recommend it to any Action RPG fan.
76561197983314162,Recommended,238010,8864215,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Lucky Charms,This game is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome. period.
,Recommended,238010,8469643,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Trevor,A game-ruining difficult mission is added in halfway through the story with the included DLC in the deluxe edition
76561198023758550,Recommended,238010,8471246,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,PastaOfDoom,"it's pretty swell and you can do any situation 3 different ways: kill everyone, knock everyone out, or stealth through everyone and that's cool"
,Recommended,238010,8475950,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Alex James,"DE:HR is an amazing game, full of enough action, stealth, and story, to keep the average player amused for hours, and able to play the game multiple times over.The fact that there are so many different routes to take, and so many different ways to defeat enemies, makes this game only more playable.One of the best parts about DE:HR, in my opinion at least, is that you aren't spoon fed the whole way through, things aren't always obvious, they aren't always easy, and some opponents to require careful planning to defeat, rather than just staying behind one bit of cover and attacking them with a combat rifle.The one disappointment for me, was the Director's Cut. It just didn't have enough for me, a guy who loves to enjoy games with that little bit extra, but sadly, I was disappointed. For the average player who just wants to play the game, and have a good time playing it, I'd stick with the original version.I deeply recommend this game, and probably always will, as it just seems to be extremely playable, with a solid story, enough side-quests to keep the main story from becoming monotonous, and also, a great team of in game characters."
76561198028653205,Recommended,238010,8452409,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,PDK,"DXHR Director's cut is an interesting upgrade. In my opinion the most important change is the ability to handle boss fights differently. In the original release of the game, player choice was always emphasized to such a great extent, that it was always a little jarring when, after sneaking around a level avoiding killing and being seen, you suddenly were forced to use brute force to defeat an enemy. The update is not a vast improvement, but does allow for a greater number of options when playing against these final bosses and do feel a little bit more integrated with a stealthy play style. Speaking of the player choice, this feature is what sets apart DXHR. The ability to go through the vast majority of the game without firing a shot leads to some amazing gaming experiences. It can be extremely frustrating when trying a non-lethal stealthy playthrough, to have to go through and play an area multiple times, but the feeling of mastering an area is extremely gratifying. The game's story, while being forumulaic in a few places, is really quite good, and engaging enough to drive me forward to resolve the various story arcs. The best part of this game is its world, with the ability to both traverse it in many different manners in which the player sees fit, but also to make both storyline and gameplay decisions, that affect the world around you. The  game's environs, though not graphically cutting edge, do serve, along with the rather strong color palette, to really bring the game to life and in conjunction with the soundtrack and story, can be very immersive. The game is not without its flaws, the most glaring, in my opinion, being the lack of ability to track, from start to finish, whether or not both a non-lethal and completely undetected stealth playthrough has been completed. When I was first playing DXHR, I inadvertently killed an enemy somewhere and when I finished the game believing I had completed a non-lethal playthough, I was not awarded with the achievement. If there was some way of tracking campaign-spanning achievements, that would be extremely helpful. Secondly, the game's voice acting was extremely hit or miss, and in places even groan-worthy, but this could be looked past in the grand scheme of the story. All in all, frustrations aside, this game is easily of my top five games, with the graphics, soundtrack, rich story, and especially gameplay combining for an immersive, rewarding and fun experience from start to finish that has a very high replay potential."
,Recommended,238010,8453353,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Rowenwand,"Heard about this game from Total Buisquit as ""the best game of all time"", so i bought it during the winter sale. Will never regret that. Completed it in 2 15h sittings. Amazing story, good gameplay (like the inventory) and great voice acting. A must have!"
76561197970928460,Recommended,238010,8485722,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Longfellow,"I completed the original edition and have started the Director's Cut again.  So far, I'd say that this game is a must for fans of the first Deus Ex - nearly as good, which is high praise.For people who have the original Human Revolution game, I can't really see why you'd bother with this update, unless you do want to replay the whole game.  It really should have been put out as a patch.  That said the original was heavily patched.  Even then it needed a powerful PC to run smoothly.  Initially it was unplayable, due to stuttering.  On my new beast it's very smooth.The game... Like the first DE game, this is science ficiton with a conscience - a thoughtful and interesting projection of how unfettered science might take us down a very dark path.  It's a role playing game with high production values.  The Director's Cut introduces more ways to accomplish missions, which is more in tune with the first game.  Graphics are stylised, but I got used to them. I also got used to and came to like the cover system.The plot is rich and the character well developed and well acted.  Sadly though the closing segments are rushed (as they were with the first Deus Ex) and there are loose ends around what happens between you and the key characters that are entirely ignored when you choose your ending.  That's a real shame.  I would have liked to have suitable final words with David Sarif, Megan and Faridah Malik.  Compared to the end of Half Life 2, episode 2, this is a glaring let down.Ultimately I gave the first DE game a 10 and the Human Revolution take an 8.  The Invisble War version, for reference, I rated a 6.  Why ""only"" an 8 for HR?  Well it is ultimately a remake and I'm not that wild about remakes.  But it's a very good one and 8/10 is a very good score.  A stronger ending could have clinched a 9."
,Recommended,238010,8418273,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Perfect_Mayhem,By far one of the best games I've ever played. The storyline is immersive and fun with a few puzzles thrown in via dialogue and an excellent combat system. It can be a little boring between missions exploring the cities but thats also half the fun. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.
76561198036780035,Recommended,238010,8420387,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Giladria,Very immersive stealth game with challenging achievements and satisfying missions. A great addition to any library.
76561198077588390,Recommended,238010,8422520,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,FalseSaviour,"It's a first mix third person action game, the third in the Deus Ex series, set in the year 2027, acting as a prequel to the events of the later games. The series has prided itself as having a large and diverse number of ways to complete mission objectives, and this one proudly carries this tradition on, having sprawling levels with hundreds of different paths to completion based on the player's choice and their abilities on hand. It accomadates a large number of playstyles with an opened ended leveling system to provide an extremely replayable experience that takes numerous playthroughs to get old. It also addresses themes of transhumanism and self evolution extremely well, not providing a single biased opinion on the subjects and allowing the player to decide based on their actions and point of view. Oh, and it lets you stab people with blades that pop out of your arms, so there's that. A game to play when you feel like blowing off an entire afternoon or challenging yourself to come up with new ways to combat situations."
76561198023835391,Not Recommended,238010,14377154,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,soirkaska,Too many bugs.
76561198128674712,Recommended,238010,14383072,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,ARS Operator,This is what RPG and FPS lover are looking for
,Recommended,238010,14385746,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,DawnOfTheSky,10/10 cops tried to kill me even though they didn't see me do anything wrong
,Recommended,238010,14464258,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Carcosa,"People have been looking for ways to validate games as a form of art work, people go and look at BioShock Infinite for a source of why games should be taken seriously.They don't need to look any further than Deus Ex, even on the easiest difficulty, it poses a decent challenge to players and punishes them for bad decisions and poor mistakes they should've learned from earlier in the game.The game doesn't allow the setting you're placed in to command how you should feel, however it does aid how you should feel about this place, which is helped by the soundtrack of the game which perfectly compliments the environment in a beautiful fashion, but in the same sense as the world itself, it isn't overbearing. They come together as one to allow you to decide how this atmosphere makes you feel whilst giving you subtle undertones.That being said each place in the game is incredibly designed, beautiful each in their own right, astounding even after many playthroughs. There are an endless amount of times that I have started the game for the first time again, to look over Detroit and see the slight changes they make to modern archetecture and see how drastically it alters the entire appearance of the city, how incredible it appears over and over again.Both the story and the gameplay of the game are rich, a deep underlying story with immense consequences whilst also being amazingly personal to your character, you have purpose on this quest whether you're looking at the bigger or smaller picture, suiting all audiences. The gameplay is easy to pick up once you play but it is ruthless, but rewarding. Ammunition isn't always at hand and even if you chose to kill people with single shots, you wont necessarily get the ammunition for your preferred playstyle making you always need caution.The fact the game puts a heavy role on killing and your decision on how you play the game, gives an extra dynamic not only to the world, but the game as a whole and how you interact with its world. You can not kill anyone, but is that necessarily morally right? It certainly isn't always easy. The game has so much you can chose to do in the name of your morals and ethics, bringing a full experience overall to the game.My final conclusion is that this game is a modern masterpiece, different playstyles, different weapons, different ways to outfit your character in terms of augmentation upgrades. The music and levels meshing together perfectly to make a world where you can feel the pain of the city you're in by walking around, or the harsh undertones by subtle parts within music scores or pieces of lore scattered in the world.This game is an absolutely must play, I reccomend it for everyone including people who are not fans of FPS or RTS games. The experience is something you don't want to miss and rewards you regardless of the playstyle you chose to go for. Don't miss out on something that comes once an era, play this game."
,Recommended,238010,12382280,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,voldtektsmann,"This should be the first game you buy on Steam.The story is amazing, the gameplay is more amazing and varied, and it's just an overall challenging and enjoyable game. It has deep lore and it's a blast. I love it, and I can't wait for new Deus Ex games.Also, this game got me into transhumanism so 10/10."
,Recommended,238010,12383539,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Lotabeer,"Great game, as was the original. Nothing I need to say about that that hasn't already been said. Mostly here are my thoughts about the changes.The good: 2 energy bars that perma-regen (except on hard mode), some new items that add a few more possibilities but are mostly trivial, the additions to the boss fights (turrets and other items added in expanded environments), the promise of a New Game+ mode. The Missing Link DLC mission was odd to start but ended up being very enjoyable and adding to the game well.The bad: The look of it. I guess it was a huge complaint with the original game but I liked the orange/gold tint on things. Seems like there were several other small graphical tweaks that I think made it look worse as well. Also, the NG+ mode doesn't carry over items or money or really add any new fun to the game. I read some incorrect info that lead me to believe that NG+ would carry over everything and I was looking forward to the cheap fun of blasting through the game with my hilariously OP weapons and not having to spend extra time finding all the upgrades and ammo and such again. Instead, all you get are augments, which are still fairly gamebreaking (pacifist and other achievements are 50x easier), so why not go all the way?The REALLY bad: Game ran like absolute crap until I found a registry fix online. It seems to be an uncommon problem that only NVIDIA (read: most people) card users have, but the game was just running terrible, even at the absolute lowest settings (which made it look worse than the old school Deus Ex). After the fix, it still didn't run as well and still looked worse than the non director's cut version, but hey it was playable. This is with me using a GTX760 I might add.All in all, still a great game and worth buying if you haven't played HR at all, and still worth buying imo if you want to play HR again with a few additions, especially if you catch it on sale. I'm pretty bitter about the graphics problems and the crap version of NG+, but I'd still reccomend it."
,Recommended,238010,12383586,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,( ﾟДﾟ)阪本詩織(ヽ´ω`)ﾊｧ…,"metacritic really never gives out any 90+ scroes, unless the game has been revolutionary, from half life 1, to half life 2, bioshock, mass effect 2, quake, elder scrolls skyrim.these games appear once every few years and revolutionize how games work, and this one, human revolution is definitly one.game mechanics is stunning, so are the ingame animations. all of these are tied with a wonderful storyline keeps you playing over and over again, trying to grasp every little detail"
76561197960687390,Recommended,238010,12383825,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Insomniac,"This game featurs a deep gameplay, allowing you to decide if you want to be a fighter, hacker, ghost, or some combination of them all.  Each setting allows the player to explore multiple paths to the objective with multiple methods to deal with adversaries.  This game is true to the original's mecahnics, but offers modern graphics and cinematics to drive the story.  That being said, this game is amazing."
,Recommended,238010,12385205,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,The Mouse of Madness,"I never asked for this... but I should have. This is one of those games that it's almost silly to review since if you're at all interested in it you know it's good and you probably already own it by now. The 3 button ending thing is a bit crap... well, 4 button, but the rest of the game is fairly solid."
,Recommended,238010,12404638,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,KimJongUnion,"Ive never played the first Deus Ex game, so i only got this because of the premise, which i had heard. And i loved it. After i beat the game, and chose the ""neutral"" ending, i checked a few forums to see other people's experiences. I considered playing this game again, and i havent yet not because i didnt like it, but because i feel like it would ruin the amazing experience i had the first time. I still might play it again. But i wont choose a different ending. 11/10.5, amazing game."
,Recommended,238010,27030891,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,AsharmX,4 back to back playthroughsI never asked for thisWould play agian
,Recommended,238010,27013584,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sam7062,very good addition to the deus ex franchise
76561198103770219,Recommended,238010,27013203,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Frosty,"Looking back after all of this time, DXHR is really quite excellent.  Yes, there are complaints, such as run issues, but, overall, it is pretty well polished.  If only DXMD could've taken the elements that made DXHR great and stuck with them, instead of merely fixing run issues and a few other HUD issues.  If you're going to play either of the relatively recent DX games, I'd recommend DXHR over DXMD.My most treasured aspect of DXHR was Jensen's interactions with the characters around him."
,Recommended,238010,30924810,Posted: 3 April,all,Kenvin,"This is truly one of the best mix of RPG & first person shooter with remarkable stealth mechanic. With tons & tons of content. The story is very intriguing & engaging. Once you start, it's hard to stand off your desk. Worth every penny.12/10"
,Recommended,238010,27001746,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,zeracool2k,"Deus Ex: Human Revolutionis a covert action game in which you play augmented cyborg Adam Jensen in his crusade to take revenge for an incident in which the lives of his ""friends"" were lost (along with most of his appendages and internal organs).The game itself is quite immersive, a return to form for a franchise that strayed too far from its origin by trying to please everyone. Although the choices you make are railroaded, it still feels like you actually made them, and Jensen is actually a likeable guy. You could even say he is very ""human"" (pun intended).The game can be played in several ways, depending on your approach. You can be a killing machine or an invisible ninja; open your way by bursting throgh walls, or hack yourself into places; become a close-combat specialist, or a weapon expert, etc. Be careful with the play style you choose, because boss fights are mandatory... the first boss WILL own you if you don't choose your enhancements well.Replayability is almost nil, due to your choices having little effect over the outcomes (except at the very end). You can get most (or all) of the enhancements by the end-game, so there really isn't a need to plan a ""build"", you just have to plan what you get first, and what you leave for later.However, it is quite fun to try to get all the achievements, although a little discouraging when you mess upGhostandPacifist, which could require you to play the game all over again... which is actually frustrating."
76561197968572872,Recommended,238010,26914743,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ATX_Will,"It may not be everybody's cup of tea, but this is on my top ten of all time.  Over 100 hours played.  Multiple playthoughs.  One of the biggest gripes people have about the game (crummy boss battles) is addressed by the director's cut."
76561198071874180,Recommended,238010,26059336,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,[ W O K Ǝ ] NullPug,"This was the first Deus Ex game I ever played, and it is simply glorious.Everything is great. Really. Can I give this game two Reccomendation Thumbs Up please?If you enjoy it, I highly recommend playing the original Deus Ex so that your life can be complete."
,Recommended,238010,26061611,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Doctor America,"Good on it's own, not nearly as good as the original Deus Ex.  The story is better than the game itself, but the world does draw you in at times and it's easy to forget yourself and get lost in the environments.  On that alone it's worth playing."
76561198202992216,Recommended,238010,25976679,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,RiverTree,"VentsVents are your friend.Can't tell you how many short cuts I found by using those damn things.Oh and dont be an idiot like I was an initially choose a nonleathal approach then drop the non leathal weapons. Seriously I picked up another weapon and dropped the dart gun, didnt manage to find another. Dumb dumb move.Deus Ex Human Revolution is not a perfect game. It does have problems and by now the boss fights are infamous. This is somewhat fixed in the directors cut, but It is still a great game. I Enjoyed every minute of it. Go on! Play Husky voice man!"
,Recommended,238010,26047392,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,IR0N,"It is a little too linear for my tastes but still a very solid game all round, a must have imo."
76561198055870761,Recommended,238010,26047406,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,cAlien,"the ultimate deus ex game. on the same level as Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim. for how good it feels playing. Just really high quality design on all aspects. Not next-gen tho, its great on a league of its own."
,Recommended,238010,26036549,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Fb|| S p o o n,"Honnestly it is one of my favourite games of all time  if you want a laugh this is the game if you want a challenge play on the hardest diffuculty, if you want a amazing story, play this game. if you dont have the money buy it on sale or on♥♥♥♥♥.. just please get this game it is amazing."
76561198262824943,Recommended,238010,26172089,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,nigmachangeling,"i think from my own playtime, the badges i have, and from my profile that i love this game. its easily my favorite on all of steam. and i was relatively new to the steatlh genra, so this was a pleasant surprise.the entire game is a complete choice. you can either knock everyone out and hide the bodies, kill them with no mercy, or do everyting without raising a single alarm. the game rewards the latter the most, but certain skills ina  lethal run can also help a lot.the game has so many secrets that ive played through it at least 13 times and i always discovered a new pathway, or a secret location, or an npc dialogue that i hadnt seen or heard of before. this entire game is brimming with new and different ways to play. the weapon selection, and the ability to play through with whatever weapon choice you want.i have personally tried every weapon in the game at length, and i enjoyed using most of them. each one was a new experience.what are you waiting for? a sale?....okay, sure. wait for a sale, let it come down to 5 bucks, and buy it. i promise you, you wont regret it at all! :D"
76561198262814251,Recommended,238010,26172172,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,KingNevis,"i loved playing ths game the story, the dialogue between you and characters when you upgrade the social aug and finally the choice between stealth and combat are my favourite type of games and i will be saving up to buy MANKIND DIVIDED"
76561198261647459,Recommended,238010,26174947,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Vance1892,Fun a little slow.
,Recommended,238010,26778719,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Keostyriaru,A worthy successor to the original game that started it all
,Recommended,238010,26779115,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,denizozakinci,"Like Skyrim with guns, without guns. Since it pushes you to go sneaky-sneaky."
76561197970608071,Recommended,238010,26779610,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Salazzar,Worthy successor to Deus Ex in many aspects. Smart level design and immersive storytelling. Small flaws like outdated boss fights don't diminish the game as a whole.Intelligent cyberpunk experience with very present themes. Interesting insights into what transhumanism could mean in the context of social/wealth disparity.
,Recommended,238010,30915212,Posted: 2 April,all,ǝlddɐǝuᴉd ǝƃuɐɹo,"thematically dense, if at at times inconsequential. regardless, the ending is thought provoking and raises many questions regarding humanity's path into the future.the problem-solving gameplay is extremely rewarding, as it necessitates a brain and the proper use of resources.overall an excellent and immersive experience with a plot-driven narrative and satisfying gameplay. I wish more games could nail the two pillars of a masterpiece (story and gameplay) as this one does"
,Recommended,238010,26774586,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,evil.bearded.man,This is just pure love.
76561197990158622,Recommended,238010,12443234,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Arsene Lupin III,"Deus Ex - Human Revolution is a prequel to one of the greatest PC games ever made, Deus Ex. You play as Adam Jensen, a monotone edgemaster who never asks for anything, getting himself wrapped up in a huge conspiracy and go around ♥♥♥♥ing stuff up. Much like the first one, there are a multitude of dialogue choices that progress the story in different ways, and changes Adams reeputation. The combat is excellent, and if you run the game at max settings, it looks damn good. An excellent FPSRPG and one hell of a joyride from start to finish."
,Recommended,238010,12424324,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Renodd,喜欢赛博朋克风格游戏的玩家可以染指一试。该游戏是FPS类型游戏，辅以RPG元素。作为一款主要类型为FPS的游戏，在FPS上的表现与热门FPS相比还有差距（如枪械数量少、射击拟真感不佳等），但RPG元素的表现很有特色（可以依个人喜好养成多种流派）。主角的塑造让人印象深刻，剧情很引人入胜，作品要表达的思想（关于人类未来的道路）很有深度。唯一不足的地方是BOSS战的平衡性问题。
,Recommended,238010,11507789,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Quillion,"This game is trying to be the successor to one of the best games of all time, it does a pretty good job.Subjective opinion review points.Things it's missing that the first game had:""The guys you were working for were evil"" cliche. I miss it.Aliens involved with sudden rise of technology.Really creepy moments, like with Icarus. It needs a horror element.Adam never has his own agenda.The love interest stuff appears to happen on the side, and while he's constantly going on about ""The mercs who killed Megan and her team"" most of his actions don't line up with a vengeance motivation. Even when they do, they are hardly impactful.Combat in places that aren't secret bases of thugs or mercs. ('Ton Hotel, Lucky Money, Battery Park, etc.)Things the game should've had, that I thought it was going to have:Everything from the first trailer of the game. Go watch it. You should've been involved when the riots broke out, and there should've been a large battle in downtown Detroit you were right in the middle of. Where the Hell did the scope and feeling of import go?Here's a rundown of the pros and cons.Things that are awesome:Stealth sections, oh god I love them.Weapons.Adam's apartment and the mood it sets.Adam and his Augs from a conceptual stantpoint.Art direction.Level Design.Things that suck:The game's Drama is very realistic, but is poorly done, so feels like a bad Spanish Soap Opera that you get on free TV.Love interest. Always with the ♥♥♥♥ing love interest.Penalizes you for playing the game a certain way sometimes.Enemy AI, but I wasn't expecting it to be good honestly.Boss fights are still garbage in the Directors Cut.No meaningful upgrade choices besides combat related ones.Ending is literally, ""Press one of these three buttons, or go down the hall and press the fourth."""
,Recommended,238010,12941319,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Salad Salad,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y414Q7vVgYU
76561198042518294,Recommended,238010,12987087,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Jeremy Clarkson's Knob,"""Like Skyrim with edgy scientists"" -Machinima"
76561198074514239,Recommended,238010,13141480,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,AntHero,"Meh......It's fun, but too action-focused  for a stealth game and too boring for an action......Nice if you want a stealth challenge."
76561198020014728,Recommended,238010,10761215,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,tesla323,"11/10. One of the best cyberpunk games of all time, and one of the better stealth FPS in recent years. Very atmospheric, immersive, and  story-driven, with deeply fleshed-out characters."
76561198035689065,Recommended,238010,7596474,"Posted: 7 November, 2013",all,Chief Thunderbear,"Probably my number 4 favourite game.The visuals, the gameplay, and the soundtrack all work so well together, and I always find myself wanting to play it again."
76561198062944107,Recommended,238010,13110740,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Kaibo,A must play
76561197970539287,Recommended,238010,13112527,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Sarkon,"Great game, but progress halting bugs persist and will never be fixed."
76561198150309632,Recommended,238010,13112638,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,NightCreeper2270,JUST GREAT
76561197970765755,Recommended,238010,13116661,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,dp.Rocco.50Cal,"The state of the Art, Sci fi RPG FPS hybrid concept PC Game."
,Recommended,238010,13117643,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,TehZeppelin,"Solid stealth/shooter gameplay, solid characters, posthuman existentialism. Can't go wrong for $20"
76561198045289779,Not Recommended,238010,13133894,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,SoulDiamond,"This game is♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off cause I can never get it to run for longer than about 5 - 10 minutes.  I have tried something different to fix this and I did it about 25 times already.DO NOT GET THIS GAME!If you (the player) have to fix a lot of issues just to play it, it is not worth it."
,Recommended,238010,13134852,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,super thot,"Redux that was worth my $5, fixes the bossfights and adds other content and minor graphics tweaks."
,Recommended,238010,13135506,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,BRNDN,I enjoy this game.
76561198016821311,Recommended,238010,13136082,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,catspaw887,Great game.  Lots of ways to enjoy as a tank or shadow cat.
,Recommended,238010,13108490,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,BruceSerrano,"It's the most well crafted cohesive game I've ever played in my life. It has a great atmosphere and the game stayed true to the original formula.Human Revolution is by far and away the most well told, ambitious story I've ever played. The fact the story stays logically consistent with clear character motivations all the way through really blew me away. The sidequests were always done properly. They always added something new and fresh to the storyline that built upon ithe backstory rather than simply reinforcing it. It really set a new bar for what RPG storytelling could achieve.The gunplay and stealth are kinda average. You have cover based shooting, you have MGS stealth, you can bash people's heads in, etc. Nothing particularly amazing as far as that goes."
76561197976961722,Recommended,238010,13100936,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,pblogic,"Excellent game. Truly a great experience. The story is rich, teh game play is engaging, and the player customization is really fantastic. Areas are a little small, and the game, in my opinion, is short."
76561198110339361,Recommended,238010,13154255,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Sword Symphony,"I originally played Human Revolution on PS3, and I enjoyed my experience greatly. You truly can approach this game any way you please, but stealth is encouraged, as you can be gunned down very fast. All this being said, the Director's Cut for PC is the ultimate edition of the game. If you like RPG's, buy it. If you like FPS's, buy it. If you like TPS's, buy it. Buy this game, its worth your money."
76561198022082352,Recommended,238010,12990398,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Doge-A-Rino,"Very good game for mixed playthroughs, compared to the original game directors cut makes it a lot more smooth as in the dlc is implemented, instead of getting 10k credits and a sniper and shotgun you have to find them in the first level, and  the missing link campaign is not a seperate playthrough or game it is  actually inside the story. Depending on the way you think stealth is in real life, you could think its accurate or not, turning a corner into somebody instanly turns people to the third phase (hostile) and peeking out while not in cover instantly goes to the second state (alarmed.) And noises are very sensitive.Of course augmentations can solve these problems such as silent running and cloak. Onto other things a recent glitch came out with white screen flashes, people say its nividias new drivers and turning down brightness makes it flash less, but that might just be nividia. Players also have problems with scene triggers SPOILERS for example sandovals scene depends if you convince taggart or you hack his computer, convince taggart, sandoval tries to suicide and if you dont he trys to kill you when you enter his office. The glitch is if you hack taggarts computer but then reload since you dont want to frame him you will still get a hostile sandoval to do this you have to completley reload before you entered the building. This glitch is game breaking as one of the best elements of the game is the persausive conversations and detailed cutscenes, intead of the in-depth trying to save a man from suicide you get ""GUNSHOTS SEND SOME HELP"" and he attempts to kill you (Not In the cut scene).PROS-great cutscenes and interactive speeches-great and rpg experience with skills (augmentations) and custimizable weapons-good balance between playstyles (stealth,loud, and others)-lots of unique uses of the game elements (cloaking threw laser systems, slow falling threw elevator shafts, and so on)CONS-possibly more glitches (not to many ive seen)-ai can be sometimes clunky (not going threw doorways or broken walls)"
76561198060264875,Recommended,238010,12970181,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,M i N i M i,Good game :D
76561198025041774,Recommended,238010,12970492,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,mikeloop86,"One of the best sci-fi cyberpunk games, and one of the best stealth games ever."
76561198008792995,Recommended,238010,13180529,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Markus,"One of the best titles I have played recently, I got really hooked. Gameplay is smooth and controls are easy, it allows you to think about what to do rather than how to do it! Stealth approach is difficult but rewarding. Equally great part of this game is the narrative, dense atmosphere and how your actions reflect in the world (NPCs talking about what you did/did not). And you are not punished (exp/money wise) for switching action and stealth styles, you can solve problems how you see fit right at the moment (like when you are waiting behind a door for a guard to pass by but another one walks in through the second entrance behind you and spots you, and stealth turns into shoot-out... and you don't even mind because you do not fail your mission or loose exp for killing instead of sneaking).You do not want to miss this title while on sale, totally worth it."
,Recommended,238010,13183303,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,zombine,"i always will rove this game more than an asian roves rice, but they got rid of the orange theme and lighting. also is it just me or is there no way to bump the graphics?"
76561198096212518,Recommended,238010,13185850,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Zane,"I've only played 12 hours so far, but I can tell I'm going to be playing quite a bit. It's a fun game, lots of action but it also has a lot of puzzles. I love the choices, you can choose between going in guns a blazing, but stealth it, or a a bit of both (which is my typical fighting style) the gun mods they have are pretty epic, I've been using all the mods I get on a pistol, it is now the most badass weapon I have. the only problems I have are that there seams to be something missing from combat, it's still fun, but not as much fun as I've gotten from other fps games."
76561198080596518,Recommended,238010,12293524,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,AfricanScribeMan,"This is, simply, a brilliant RPG. Lets start with the story and presentation.The story is one of the best I've seen in games, up there with Bioshock Infinite. The story is about Adam Jensen, a man hyper-augmented against his will to have a voice that seems to be constantly crying out for throat sweets. He must uncover the story behind the attack on his workplace and a global conspiracy. The graphics aren't great but the visual design is. The cities all look very Blade Runner-like and the art style has a clean, scientific look about it which I like a lot.The gameplay is very good, an FPS/TPS with RPG elements in big levels with multiple pathways. The stealth is the best I've seen in a non-stealth game (I'm looking at you, Burial at Sea), but the combat is also ridiculous amounts of fun.Overall this is a brilliant game if you like RPGs or Sci-Fi."
,Recommended,238010,12297466,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Master,"Hacking turrets and robots, killing my foes where I could easily sneak past them, repeat ad infinitum.10/10, would hack again."
76561197994584610,Recommended,238010,12376794,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Tzeentch,"The game is awesome, you can complete him in three ways, stealth, adaptative or lethal. For me using adaptative and stealth works. the graphics are cool, the controls are very intuitive.I recommend, the hitory it´s amazing conspiration."
76561198027183180,Recommended,238010,12380300,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,redwheeler,"I thought the story was fairly interesting, and it took me about 60 hours to play through it. Worth the money, and although not groundbreaking by any means, I enjoyed it."
,Recommended,238010,12204979,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Sentient,A fantastic game with just the right amount of expansive world and depth.
,Recommended,238010,12256081,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,deewrekk,"This game hits all the right marks: great story, gameplay, graphical style. There are several ways to approach the same mission, several outcomes, etc. A great updated Deus Ex, that I dare say is even better than the original."
,Recommended,238010,12256420,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Csbears,A true homage to the original game with almost all of the wit and heart that the characters had as well.  The story is good (nowhere near as good as the first one but good enough) up until the end which is a big let down with 4 different cutscenes with Adam (Player Character) talking over it.  The game left a lot of side stories / plot points left unanswered and it kills me on the inside. The boss battles are still there only in the Directors Cut they gave you more items or room to actually run around in.  The one glaring problem that i had with the game was that unlike the original you can put your points into anything at the start and end up with every single skill by the end of the game. The same can be said of the weapons and ammo.  It makes the early game incredibly difficult and the end game a big playground to do cartwheels through since you clearly dont give a flying ♥♥♥♥.If they wanted to pay respects to the original Deus Ex they should have gave you half the skill points and gave the end game enemies weapons that could two or three shot you even with 40% reduced damage this game would have been my all time favorite this decade. Overall the game does have some flaws but this is a true masterpiece worth the experience.
,Recommended,238010,12276940,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Viperid,"Do you like to sneak around or go full on crazy? This game might be one of my favorite games ever. I keep coming back to it time and time again. The story, the controls, the graphics, the characters I love it all.  The only downside to this game is that it almost demands more city exploration but it is limited to the story. There is a lot to see and do in this game. I probably played it through at a slow pace about 15 times now. The music, oh wow, I love the music."
76561198049820622,Recommended,238010,9972562,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Mr.Goat,"You will cry, when you're over with this game :Dthis game is great, its got great stealth mechanics and its also an option to go loud assault, but its still prefered to go stealth. The games story relies on choices you make yourself. The story is based around year 2027 a time where technology is at its peak and you're Adam Jensen, who works security for Sarif industries. But when the coorporation gets attacked by terroists, an important team of scientists get killed and almost you too, but luckily you get saved by the modern technology and now its up to you to find out what happened, with your newly implanted robotic parts.I give this fantastic game a 9/10You can read funny e-mails, find secret achievements and punch through walls!So stop reading and BUY IT!!!"
76561197975666934,Recommended,238010,12489610,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,zephyrBeat,"Great story and fun for multiple play throughs, allowing variations on how you play through each time."
76561197995729112,Recommended,238010,12402158,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Skrelk,"An amazing action RPG adventure that forces you to ponder morality, and what it means to be human."
76561198066159774,Recommended,238010,12402569,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,BaueR,Buy it! Play It! Finish It! The ending is worth it!
,Recommended,238010,12207080,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Gne??!!??,"Firstly, I loved the original Deus Ex (DE1) and it is the best game I have played so far. Thus, if you don't mind old graphics, just start by DE1 :) However, Deus Ex Human Revolution (DEHR) is also a great game and it is the worthy successor of DE1 … after a ""fair / easier / simplistic"" Deus Ex 2!As each game of the series, you will move in an awesome cyberpunk environment, which is as complex and consistent as in the best SF books. Cyberpunk games are usually really interesting because they often deal with a lot of interesting concepts such as transhumanism, bioethics, economy and law.DEHR is the prequel to DE1: no nano-augmentations, only mechanical ones (e.g. strength, mega-jump). You play as the security guard Adam Jensen who works for the biotechnology company “Sarif Industry”. You will discover a world in which there are 2 factions: people who are for the augmentations and those who are against them. You will obviously discover benefits and problems linked to the progress of technology … and you will have to regularly make important choices that will influence the subsequent chapters!### Pros: (most of them are shared by DE1 and DEHR)- Good story and great cyberpunk environment involving corporations, secret societies, and charismatic characters- Fun and addicting gameplay (immersive FPS with 3rd-person cover if desired)- Inventory management, physical augmentation upgrades, a huge variety of weapons …- Large number of side quests (you have to speak with most NPC to find them)- Play as a stealthy ninja or Rambo since you can choose your game style- Your choices will have major consequences on the subsequent missions- Game with some difficulty in realistic mode- You will not finish it in 10 hours and it has good replayability (see below)- Great graphics, musics and good dubbing for a videogame (English version)### Good replayability:There are multiple ways to reach the main objectives [ ""how can I get in the police station ?"" ==> you can choose at least between the 1) main door 2) roof 3) sewers ]. Thus, it can be fun to replay a chapter using another tactic (especially if you upgraded other physical abilities). Besides, all achievements can't be unlocked in only one go. To date, I played DEHR 3 times:1) I played ""as usual"" (tactical rush, killing most enemies)2) I played as a ninja to unlock the hardest achievements (Factory 0, Pacifist, Foxiest of Hounds)3) By starting with my augs & skills (NewGame+ mode) to quickly unlock remaining ones### Cons:- Use the hardest difficulty since the AI can be improvable- Voices are pleasant but badly synchronized in the French version### Conclusion:- You like killing people with guns or using slow-motion animations? DEHR is for you!- You are a real pacifist? DEHR is also for you since it can be finished by killing only bosses!==> Amazing game (great work Eidos Montreal) ... just buy it :)18/20"
76561198044430724,Recommended,238010,11238171,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,rockerdude075,"I was really on the fence about buying this game being it was the first I've played of this genre. Having played it, I can honestly say its one of my favorite games ever. This is definitely a fantastic game for those who like to explore and look around because the developers put so many small things to satisfy that desire and make it worth it (e.g. the emails...etc.). The soundtrack is also incredible. The director's cut does have a few bugs that can be annoying, but definitely not enough to hold you back from this great game. The story is very rich and believable. Parallels can easily be drawn between our society and the society depicted in the game."
,Recommended,238010,11238274,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Hellhound,"I love this game... had more then one playthrough.A lot of sidequests, some choices to be made.A great story!"
,Recommended,238010,11239385,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Kilocybin|MAD6,"I got the original title and I was greatly satisfied with the game, when I heard that they were revamping the game into directors cut I was pretty exited, and if you already own the original DXHR then you get a discount.I really havn't played many other games that are as in depth of an RPG as this is exept mabey Mass Effect or Deus Ex 1, An amazing soundtrack that fits perfectly with the gameplay and alot of stealth missions, that said if you suck at Splinter Cell or Theif than you'll probably suck at this.Either way I recomend this game for Veteran FPS players or beginner stealth players."
,Recommended,238010,11085733,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Sarah B.,"I bought this on a sale thinking the DLC would be worth the price alone and interested in the idea of staff audio discussions throughout the game commenting on the game design, art and production process. It was definetely worth it. I managed 50 hours playtime even though I'd already gfinished the game on PS3.The DLC elements are quite large and very well done. The director commentaries are insightful and interesting, though spoilery on a few occasions. The revamped boss fights seemed similar to those I remember on the PS3 verion but I had no issues with them. I'd say it's well worth playing through even if you've layed the original version already, especially if you liked the game before."
,Recommended,238010,10955873,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,oGRIM/Speeddemon0,This game brings in a lot of story and gameplay is pretty decent!I definitely recommend this game to everyone including to my friends.You do not have to worry about playing the other Deus Ex games since this is a pre-sequel.This game is a must have with a great story and makes your brain more active by deciding and reacting accurately quickly.10/10! Although you may experience some lip syncing issues but it would not be a big deal.
76561198040995831,Recommended,238010,10956607,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,mtaar,"Fantastic game! Awesome plot, nice graphics, interesting quests. Games is very atmospheric. If u liked Deus Ex 1, you will definetely love this game."
,Recommended,238010,10957790,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Rickness666,"Loved this game, can't wait to get agumented IRL10/10"
76561198085900946,Recommended,238010,10988233,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,l SillyEgg l,Honestly one of the best games i've ever played. not very many game are worth even looking at anymore. You can also punch random people out for no reason!! :P    10/10
76561198171872845,Recommended,238010,30860644,Posted: 31 March,all,Killer Keemstar,Dank!
76561198123258008,Recommended,238010,25322030,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,marijan773,"I expected a mediocre and clunky game, I never asked for THIS! Nor did I ask for all these ""I didn't ask fot this"" dank memes.9.5/10Seriously just buy it you dirty aug! What?! You neuro chip got fried I said buy it you deaf heap of metal!"
76561198079627523,Recommended,238010,25340323,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,shanksforthelamb,Brilliant game. Story is excellent and the variety in the gameplay is awesome!
,Recommended,238010,25325743,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Tobblok,Its not an deus ex game if it doesnt have great game play and a total ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ending and this game checks both boxes8/10 would replay it for a third time
76561198101572438,Recommended,238010,25369234,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,McBerty,"Totally what one would expect from a Deus Ex game.-Cyberpunk.-Conspiracies.-Numerous ways to complete same objectives.-Good stealth.-Bad, however surprisingly fun combat.-And them 10/10 Shanghai accents."
76561198012557963,Recommended,238010,25367669,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Kutchek,"I don't do many reviews on here at all, but enjoyed this game so much i thought i'd make one of my exceptions...This is a great game, and if you're into stealth/action (either/or) FPS games, then look no further than this! Graphics are reasonable for a game of a few years old, the story is good (had no idea where it was going until a fair way into the game) and you get to make decisions in-game (both equipment-wise and morally) that change how you play and how the game turns out (to a certain extent...)The game lasted a reasonable amount of time (Ive logged about 50-ish hours with 1 PT, although i am one of those that like to try and explore as much as i can) and it was well worth the money i paid, which was on sale for 5 euro when i bought it....and if im honest, it is possibly worth the 20 euro full price too....but wait fot the sales again ;-)"
76561198105945085,Recommended,238010,25372556,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,gxht,"So this game has been out for a long time now. My one review won't change your mind either way.This is actually my 3rd play of DEHR. I cheated all augs in this one from the beginning and just went through for some fun. I stil explored every possible route and have good memory from the last playthroughs. So for me to get almost 40 hours is a great representation of time value you'll get from this game. I'm extremely methodical with exploration and I'm sure I got some new routes this time around and noticed some hidden rooms.-----------GAME BREAKING BUG------------So I'm not sure if this is exclusive to DEHR Director's Cut but I had a repeating crash towards the elevator to the final room im Panchea. Reading some forum messages, it seems like you need to kill everybody on the bridge to progress. I normally tranq, knockout, or gas grenade people. I didn't try to run trhough on stealth. But definitely, knocking everyone out will cause the crash behavior. Might be a problem if you're trying for a full pacifist run.Error was OUT OF MEMORY. Which is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t because I have 32GB of RAM and 6 hard drives with several TB each. Seems to happen on some other Eidos games in my search for why it was happening."
,Recommended,238010,25358471,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Rudawn,i played this game a year ago and hated it i dont know why but a wwek ago i decided to try it again and OOOMMMMGGGG i love it the level design the game play everthing its a very wellthought out game with a fifilling story(cant spell dont care
,Recommended,238010,27592435,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Quiet Destroyer,GG
,Recommended,238010,27601724,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,[Lazy] TehChase,"Most fun I've had playing a game in a while. It took a bit of work to get it working properly (on NVIDIA machines specifically) but it was worth the effort. The amount of choice is unbelievable, though still not quite as robust as the original Deus Ex. Quite the time-sink of side-quests and exploration, though. So much so that I still have not completed everything, though I will be doing that. It is not without some bugginess and poor optimization, and the character models have aged pretty poorly, but it still has been a fun experience for me. It becomes very cheap when on sale nowadays, so it's basically a steal at $5 so long as you can get it running properly."
,Recommended,238010,27386717,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Paul,"Probably my favorite stealth game to this day. Glad that the director's cut gave you the option to stealth kill bosses.9/10 Never asked for this, but actually did"
,Recommended,238010,27726875,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,nnorm,"""I never asked for this""This game is absolutely amazing. Visual design is outstanding. Story is rich enough to be satisfying, but the universe is not restrained just so you won't feel overwhelmed by it (if you're not a big fan of wondering around the game's world for hours). Gameplay wise it is well made, very challenging at times but fair always fair. Be prepared for infiltration, shooting, hacking and mad super powers!From my point of view one of the best of his generation, this games deserve to be played and played again.11/10 - will crawl in vents again"
76561198079521600,Recommended,238010,27741903,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,BZNATION,"I didnt ask for this game to be better then it's sequel, but it is."
76561198107143936,Recommended,238010,27556042,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,dvicofirn / first catdog,Why didn't I done it before?
,Recommended,238010,31292351,Posted: 22 April,all,moredorn,good story
,Recommended,238010,31256561,Posted: 20 April,all,tsktsktsk64,"There aren't many cyberpunk-themed games out there but most of them are good ones. DXHR is especially good. Advice: go straight for the most difficult level to get a more realistic feeling (and I believe that's what the devs wanted you to feel so don't waste that chance), unless what you want is nothing beyond sprinting to an enemy while taking negligible damage and press Q to terminate all the resistance in the way."
76561198124143163,Recommended,238010,31300180,Posted: 22 April,all,It's ya boy squeegy mccoy,nice
,Recommended,238010,31300279,Posted: 22 April,all,xXPUSSYDESTROYER228Xx,very nice
,Recommended,238010,31318110,Posted: 23 April,all,Walkman,"Before i go into an in depth review, I like to say that this game is well worth your time and money. Now, on to the in depth review and me trying not to spoil much of the story.PresentationDeus Ex: Human Revolution takes place in the not so distant, 2027 (25 years prior to the original Deus Ex), Cought between the Paradise of revolutionary scientific descovery and the devastation of the people inevitably left behind. Protagonist Adam  Jensen becomes swept up in a globle conspiracy hinging on powerful, yet dangerous, human augmentation technology and is on a quest to unravel that conspiracy.Verdict:The story is well paced and very engaging, presenting the player with twists and turns along the way. Which in turn, prevents the story becoming stagnant or predictable. Another positive would be how well optimized the game is. It runs smooth, looks nice and is not system heavy for a 2011 game. One minor complaint would be, that some characters voice acting may appear dull or stiff, which can deliver some plot points without any/much impact.9/10Graphics/Art StyleThe very core of the Deus Ex series' visual substance is Cyberpunk. The main visual form of the cyberpunk genre are futuristic anticipation, intense cluttering, the new creeping over the old, fog and smoke, information overload, corporate branding, cybernetics, transhumanism and many others became the staple of Deus Ex: Human Revolution's design, in order to create a proper cyberpunk feel.Verdict:From a technical standpoint, Human Revolution isn't doing anything special graphically. However, it has some of the best production design and art of most games in 2011 or in recent years.8/10SoundVerdict:In short, Dues Ex's sound design is excellent. From the pop of gunfire, to the sound of the environment around the player, blends togeather to create a truly memorable hearing experience. Coupled with the fact that the game has a phenomenal soundtrack. One minor point would be some of the awkward voice acting with some of the characters.9/10GameplayDeus Ex: Human Revolution is an action role-playing (ARPG) game with elements of first-person action and stealth mechanics. Players take the role of Adam Jensen, a man equipped with mechanical cybernetic implants called augmentations. The game's environments, range from open world hubs to more scripted/liner environments. In these environments, players can find non-player controlled characters (NPCs) that will advance both the main story quest and optional side quests. Completing quests, along with other actions such as combat with enemies, rewards the player with experience points, which raise his experience level. Also accessible are black market vendors which supply equipment and weapons for Credits (in-game currency). Interactive objects within environments can be highlighted, although these options are either turned off on the hardest difficulty or can be turned off in the options menu by the player.There are a variety of ways to approach the game's situations: players can use a violent approach and shoot their way through environments while using cover to hide from enemy fire. Alternately, the player can take a stealthy approach, avoiding guards and security devices, again using cover to avoid enemy sight lines. Taking down enemies while in stealth mode also has lethal and non-lethal melee options, in addition to weapons that can both kill and stun enemies. While in the game's environments, the player finds terminals and computers that can be accessed either with a password or through hacking. When hacking, the hacking screen is presented to the player, which shows the pathway through a device's security system to access the information.At multiple points within the game, the player partakes in conversations with NPCs related to main and side quests. When talking, the player is presented with three different conversation options that affect the outcome of conversations.Verdict:In short. Deus Ex: Human Revolution establishes a gameplay vocabulary and rewards you for learning it and is insanely flexible and highly rewarding. Not to mention, that it gives the player an almost, complete freedom.10/10Length/ReplayabilityVerdict:Practically demanding multiple playthroughs to achieve the multiple endings and achievements, Deus Ex: Human Revolution will take you anywhere from 25 to 40 hours on your initial run. This includes the main and side quests.10/10Final score46/50 or 92%"
76561198053108603,Recommended,238010,31304445,Posted: 22 April,all,Pseudoics,"This one is a must-play for any sci-fi action fan and a worthy entry into the Deus Ex legacy. The graphics were dated even in 2011 when the game launched, but it nailed all the important gameplay mechanics with great stealth, unique weapon and suit upgrade progression, hacking elements, varied enemies and environments, and finally an interesting story with a choice of play style (particularly in the enhanced Director's Cut).Mankind Divided may have caught your attention by this stage but if you're interested in any Deus Ex, give this one a go first.9/10"
,Recommended,238010,11328582,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Enso,One of the best games I have ever had the chance to play.
,Recommended,238010,12192021,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Desenova,"The third game with the Deus Ex title has a lot to live up to on both positive and negative ways. Firstly, it has the name of expectation, to be something grand, one of a kind, stylized, distinct, and memorable. And on the other hand, there's Invisible War. You see, Deus Ex isn't just another game with another sequel, much like Doom 3, there is such a history, that the expectation is to overshadow the past and not relive the mistakes. With Human Revolution, it feels like both aspects exist, but leans more on the good side of things rather than being a blunder.The majority of the story revolves around a thinly veiled and, for me anyways, a predictable plot line, but then again, Jurassic Park was predictable, yet that doesn't necessarily take anything away from the movie and nor does this fact take away from the game. It does give the sense that something greater is driving the pieces in play and you do get the feel that you are part of a much larger world that is on the brink of a revolution that will, for better or worse, change the course of mankind. The acting staggers depending on which character you interact with, some are superb, while others are pretty dull, but in all fairness, that could be attributed simply to the way the game's chat mechanic works. The characters truly shine during the more tense, though I wish were more common, 'choice/decision' making moments where your actions determine how the future of your experience will be, from convincing an old friend to help you, to deciding to get something fixed or not. My favorite of these are the ones where you have to 'monitor' another character's vitals in order to get what you want and asking the right questions and reacting in the right manner, an ability you can unlock should you choose to do so. Speaking of game mechanics, Human Revolution does a fantastic job of mixing both the HUD with the theme of the game, as if you were merely looking through the eyes of Adam Jensen, the character you play. Many other graphics follow suit such as the ability to see through walls, health bars, and info pages.Just like with the first Deus Ex, this game has some RPG elements, but as Zero Punctuation bluntly pointed out, Deus Ex is an RPG game with action elements and Human Revolution is an action game with RPG elements, thus the skill tree is severely lacking and some of the skills are rather pointless, such as the hacking skill that gives you more info on a particular node, though the standard info is sufficient enough for the player to make an informed decision. Some other skills though come in handy, which in my experience I wish I would have taken up sooner rather than later in game, like punching through walls, but like in all RPG's, such decisions have to be balanced between a survival skill or an advantage skill. The other thing that Human Revolution does particularly well is its non-linear exploration, something every other first-person shooter these days seems to forget how to do. Often times, I was so in tuned with exploring that I accidentally got to where the main story wanted me to go and ended up missing some side quests. The side quests, too, carry their own weight and consequence as well as advantages. Some give you insider info on a person you may need later, a personal revelation, fancy toys, or just a comfort to a person in need, which is a nice distraction from the action sequences. Human Revolution also builds an organic environment with the NPCs as you interact with them peacefully or, if you choose, violently. You can, for instance, subdue a clerk, steal the good from his store, and be on your way. Just don't expect him or her to be so friendly the next time you decide to visit, unless of course you choose to simply drop them like yesterday's laundry, but be warned, killing civilians may alert the authorities who will come searching for the suspect and if they see you, they will be on the look out for the rest of the game. Stealth is definitely a prized skill, since your resources are limited. When you're hacking a door or sneaking into a vent, if the wrong person sees you doing it, you can end up in deep trouble, even with allies.Combat in Human Revolution can be very intense and can match the likes of any modern action shooter, but on the flip side, one can go through the entire game without a single conflict, shot fired, or death, barring boss fights. It is extremely comforting to be able to have such options and not just going in guns blazing, and trust me, doing that all the time will have consequences later on, most of which lay upon resource management. You will find yourself buying more ammunition for your weapons instead of on health packs and other tools you would need. On the flip side, being stealthy may cause you to miss out on important information that certain characters are carrying, such as secret compartments, passwords, and codes. Speaking of codes, there are certain things you can hack if you are at an equal hacking level (This can be upgraded by using praxis kits). When you use a code or password to access a terminal, you gain no experience, but you also have a lower risk of being detected should your hack attempt fail or you're spotted while doing so. Depending what praxis' you choose to spend where, this can hinder your journey or become very advantageous.A majority of Human Revolution is also quiet, running from one person to another, leaving big action scenes a good distance apart, a pacing I did enjoy more the second time around. If you're not used to actually having to search for something in a free roaming environment, especially in a first-person view, it can be quiet a drag actually having to run from one side of town to the other, but that just added to the immersion for me. The cites are big, alive, and imaginative, yet they seem like they could be real. That is what shook me the most was that a LOT of the ideas are beginning to sprout up here and there today. How do we handle sports or crafts that require learned skills? What becomes of art, music, and talents? Should we be so integrated with our technologies and to one another?Of course, this is not a perfect game, though it is pretty close, there are some very BIG, glaring problems. The first being the boss fights. That being, they are ridiculously simple and involve none of the skills you've learned and acquired along the way. It is truly a missed opportunity to have some very unique fights especially within the FPS genre and instead becomes very run of the mill, the ending being notorious among gamers. Although, with a new ""Director's Cut"" coming in October 22nd, 2013, this issue, among others are (hopefully) resolved[1]. The second issue, isn't really an issue, but more of a critique on the cinematic team. I'll just say this: When making pre-rendered cinematics, make sure they are better than the in-game graphics' highest setting, not that they're bad, just that some instances are better than others. Part of me even wonders why the cinematic team didn't just make the movies in the style of some of the trailers or the ""ending,"" but I could just be jaded because of Blizzard's cinematics.All in all, Human Revolution is a fantastic game with a moral compass that surpasses every other game in its genre, which comes as no surprise, with Deus Ex, you're kinda pin holed in a good way, into certain ideas, concepts, and views that puts you above the warfighters and modern warfares. There is NO multiplayer (What a concept) and one above par DLC called The Missing Link. It in itself is worth picking up, contains its own plot line and challenges, I recommend it. Deus Ex lends itself to exploration and growth not just as a game, but as a way to think, it gives the chance to do things differently, you become a part of the world, but just like with augments, only if you choose to do so and that is what the game does best - giving you a real choice."
76561197989971477,Recommended,238010,12193227,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,BN,If your a fan of Deus Ex then this is for you if your new to it then you will love this first of all you cant replace JC Denton from the first Deus Ex but Adam is a very very close second the story for me was very gripping I was quickly hooked on this Iv finished the game and Im redoing it on the hardist setting to get the most out of it and Im enjoying it as much as the first time they have kept the style endings as well (Hope Iv not given too away) an easy 10/10 also look up the older Deus Ex games as well and find out how it all started you wont be disapointed.
,Recommended,238010,12113238,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Barrel,"THIS GAME IS AWESOME. Deus Ex: Human Revolution had a great, intense story that had you playing as the badass cyborg Adam Jensen. The game has a wonderful gold tinted color scheme partnered with an excellent cyberpunk atmosphere makes excellent environments, each with their own vibe. With these Epic environments comes a gorgeous sound track, without a doubt one of the best I've heard ever. Then comes the graphics: AMAZING. The characters come to life as you are thrusted into Jensen's role, making decisions in speech(Which is an amazing mechanic as well) and cutscenes seem more like real life rather than just a game. Stealth mechanics were well thought out and played with great fun, and the upgrades make the flow of combat or stealth even more flawless. Takedowns are epic too, both nonlethal and lethal are fun to watch. And the ending(s) were awesome too. Overall I freaking love this game: 9.8/10. And by the way, I asked for this."
76561198021864258,Recommended,238010,13636941,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Volkarion,"This is a true and great MASTERPIECE: wonderful gameplay (both the shooting and the furtive modality are excellent) and animations, amazing environments, and, above all, a great plot.And I want to tell you that the plot of this game is not a fantasy work; it is inspired to our reality. So, Deus EX HR is a social Opera and not a simple videogame.The GREATEST things are:- plot, as I said;- weapons (there are a lot, and very various);- Adam (the main character);- taking down and killing cut scenes (during close fight or furtive modality);- inspired and clever environments.The only bad is the meager variety of normal enemies: there are only 7-8 different tipes.My final rank is 9,4/10."
,Recommended,238010,13972193,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,user64fx,"Bought the original Deux Ex: HR before they release Director's Cut. So, I have played both the original Deus Ex: HR and Director's Cut.Gameplay:Massive improvements to boss fight compared to the original DXHR release. Give the option for people to fight the boss at a level playing field who went for stealth route. All other remains the same.The Missing Link DLC was integrated into Director's Cut. No changes in terms of gameplay, just added in to fit the game's storyline.Enemies' AI are OK, not that hard or too easy. Can still make a hell to the player if precautions are not taken. Point of note, you mostly play for the storyline and/or art direction.New game+ mode. Augmentations from previous playthrough carry over, allowing you to experiment with different play style right from the beginning of the game. With unlocked augmentations, it allows you to play more stealthily or more aggressive since the augmentations help out immensely. e.g. radar upgrades allow more precise movement and armour upgrades allow more punishment being taken.Bugs:Never encounter any serious gameplay breaking bugs. I define bugs as things that stop the game from working properly, such as game crashes when specific steps were taken to produce it or visual bugs such as texture not loading on the model.Storyline:An engaging storyline, main story is independent to previous Deus Ex title, although there are some connections here and there to previous Deus Ex titles.Game Design:Good art direction and good selection of soundtracks. A post from somewhere else back (can't remember which site it was posted) pointed out the ceiling design inside the buildings. Different building will have different ceiling design, one which was often overlooked in first-person view games.Final Word:Buy them if you like cyberpunk-style game. A game where both stealth and open combat system are balanced (not 100% balanced, but still well balanced) approach to the game. Good soundtrack that keeps you engaged throughout."
76561198043448410,Recommended,238010,13975593,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Joachim Viltry,"Story wise this is a worthy successor to the classic Deus Ex.  Gameplay is solid.  The Directors Cut fixes a few of the issues that the game has at release, and integrated in the DLC campaign.  Exploration is rewarding, and the universe has some remarkable deapth to it.  The voice acting is very good, (the voice actor playing the conspiracy theorist radio host delivers an amazing performance throughout...)Amazingly well put together story, solid visuals, and glorious sound design all come together wonderfully."
76561198027698059,Recommended,238010,13976478,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Natural Causes 117,fantastic game
,Recommended,238010,14341579,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,RONKANE,"5/5, would and will play again."
,Recommended,238010,14347191,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Logan_Ipsum,One of my best of all time!
,Recommended,238010,7579651,"Posted: 5 November, 2013",all,Mykl Gawlron,Still running through this one. It pretty well bought it for the New Game+ feature... was worth the 5 bucks IMHO. :)
76561198087898950,Recommended,238010,14336378,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Sir William the Insatiable,"Absolutely awesome. The game can feel a little clunky at times, but that could be expected as the devs used a lot of different tricks regarding play mechanics. The boss battles were horrible and unsatisfying, but over all the game play was good."
76561198065518844,Recommended,238010,14338643,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,sirlonr,"Brilliant game, and runs on Mac!"
76561198070788901,Recommended,238010,14239703,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Nyxis,"Absolutly amazing!The game quickly draws you into the universe and story, and keeps you pinned infront of the pc until your done. Its a very enjoyable game, fantastic universe and the best soundtrack ive heard to date.8/10"
,Recommended,238010,13706955,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Bingo,I was suprisingly surprised with this game. Defnitly worth playing. Kind of a mix between splinter cell and prototype. Story line is good and action scenes semi dificult.
76561197975852786,Recommended,238010,13679953,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,jthrilly,I was hesitant about purchasing this game after being let down by other games in this franchise (after loving the first - surely still a high mark for which other games are invariably found wanting against). I needn't have worried. The spirit of the original is very much alive and well here.
,Recommended,238010,13683717,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Ossium,"Let me preface this by saying that if you haven't played this game yet, you most definitely should. If you like FPS, if you like RPG, if you like (psuedo) open world, if you like good story, or if you just want something kinda different then you should definitely get this game.Now, to my actual review. I know on my Steam account it says I only have a couple hours on record at the time of this review but I owned this game on 360 and have played through it multiple times there. That being said, I originally bought this game again on Steam because I saw that it was supposed to have extra content (being a Director's Cut and all) and I couldn't resist. I have yet to get to this content so I will just focus on the things that I do know about this game.First of all, this game has one of the better stories for a video game out there. The story arc is compelling and the conflicts inside of it ring with hints of things going on in the real world. You are presented with moral dilemmas that are extremely thought compelling and you are apt to find yourself thinking about them for hours. Throughout the game you make choices that ultimately have consequences, or rewards if you don't take the easy way. Should you help the hacker and lose time and/or resources or will you leave him hanging out to dry? Either way, you will certainly find out later if he was the vindictive type.Secondly, the weapons and augmentations. the weapons you are given are a fairly standard array of FPS weaponry. You got your assault rifle, pistol, revolver, sniper, shotgun, etc. These are all fairly standard weapons, what isn't usually standard though is the weapon upgrades. Do you want your shotgun to fire two round bursts? How about a laser sight so you don't need to ADS for good accuracy? Or even just a flat damage boost? I even remember being able to get explosive rounds if I'm not mistaken. My only complaint about weapons is the non-lethal weapons. You have a tranq rifle and a stun gun. Now, these weapons are not terrible but I never found a way to upgrade them so they never get better. The stun gun is actually fairly decent but the tranq rifle is kinda meh. The trade off with non-lethals though is you get slightly more xp.Now the augs. The augs are where the RPG elements start to come in. You gain xp and you 'level up' from doing various things. Exploring, taking down enemies, hacking, etc. and you get skill points in the form of Praxis Kits (which you can also buy one per area you go to at your friendly LIMB Clinic). You assign the Praxis Kits to various abilities you have. Such as being better in social situations where you have to persuade someone, being able to takedown more enemies, or becoming a better hacker. You can make youself jump higher, run faster, go invisible, see through walls, shoot ballistic ball bearings out of your body, lessen recoil, increase damage resistance, etc, etc, etc.And finally, atmosphere. This game has a wonderful atmosphere. The soundtrack is gorgeous and the art direction was fantastic. The NPC's have their own fashion sense, and while I think that it can be odd, it is definitely unique and not your run of the mill clothes you see in every other game. The cities have people walking around, not a whole lot of people, but enough to make the city feel like it's alive. What's important about the people walking around is that you can see the various districts of a city. You can walk from an area that's pretty nice and then take a wrong turn and your in back alleys with gangsters who will shoot you for being in their turf. You'll see hobos arguing with cops and digging through trash cans looking for food. Civilians begging cops for protection and talking to each other about what's going on. The biggest thing though, is when you return to areas and see how much things have changed, for better or worse.To sum up, this is a wonderful game. It's not perfect, but nothing is. I give it a conservative 8.7/10."
,Recommended,238010,13701842,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,TyPHoon96,"If you want the social aspect of Mass Effect but MUCH BETTER, play this game. If you want the freedom of choice in how to play through a scenario, play this game. If you love conspiracy stories or stories full of philosophical questions and moral dilemmas, play this game. This is one of my favorite games. I beat it on a console and bought it again on steam."
,Recommended,238010,13485553,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,manujim,"If you liked the original buy it.If you like Crysis but you want something more calmed, more alive city enviroment to explore buy it.If you like Omikron the nomad sould, buy it.If you like ciberpunk/scifi theme and do not mind shooting from time to time, buy it.  If you like a ciberpunk dishonored, buy it.Just buy it.PS. By they way, buy also Red Faction: Guerrilla. Story is worse, there is no stealth, but you blow up whole buildings! If you want a Total Recall experience christmast buy Deux Ex and Red Faction and play them at the same time :P."
,Recommended,238010,9897282,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,ElderKnight,I absolutely loved this game! I don't think I fined anything about it that I would change. Two thumbs way up!
,Recommended,238010,9897437,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,FoxxGuthy,"While at times it can seem repetative (especially the Missing Link DLC, which is a real grind fest) it is immersive and challenging. The game encourages and allows you to 'do it your way' there's so many many ways to do each mission. Even if you eventually say 'screw it!' and blow everyone's head off instead of trying to sneak your way through.Defenitely worth it."
76561198025838564,Recommended,238010,9903078,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,cidgrad01,"Deus Ex: HR is a fantastic game. I liked it much more than I thought I would.The story is pretty good except that they don’t do a good enough of selling the main conflict. I don’t see the big deal about being a cyborg. It certainly beats being dead, which is what the main character would be w/out augment technology. Also, all of the multiple endings fell flat for me. They are basically FMV stock footage with narration about what happened.Everything else is spot on, though: graphics, music, voice acting, and especially gameplay. Some people criticize Deus Ex: HR b/c they think there are too many upgrades available and you can max out too many stats. I say those people need to get over themselves. If they’re so hardcore they can either not collect the upgrades (many of which are optional) or simply not apply them.Games like this make me wonder how & why people are still playing Metal Gear Solid. This has actual, real stealth-based gameplay and figuring out ways to knock out or kill people and hide their bodies is part of the fun. Controls are tight and movement is fluid, unlike in MGS games. It’s hard for me to imagine anyone having a bad time playing this game."
,Recommended,238010,9394698,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,CaptainWoodzy,"Quite simply one of the best cyberpunk games ever made. If you enjoyed the original Deus Ex, you will go absolutely nuts over this one. Every sequence, conversation, and level has been finely crafted to bring the whole experience together into one giant sci-fi/fantasy bundle. I'd recommend this to anyone who is interested in the genre."
,Recommended,238010,9563949,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,emp-,Nano machines son
76561198068813890,Recommended,238010,9585701,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Magisch,"One of the best Story experiences in my Gaming time so far. Definately worth a purchase. Warrants a second and a third playthrough, supports all kinds of styles, hardest difficulty is absolutely rock hard. Story is amazing.Canned Animations not so good.Voice acting excellentGraphics quality excellent.Level Design excellentCombat excellent"
,Recommended,238010,9587306,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Supermaxman,"Absolutely amazing game, and the Director's Cut is really worth buying.Story is deep and unique, level design is exquisite.Very fun game, 9/10"
76561197996723737,Recommended,238010,9590496,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,SlowbearDruid,inproved boss battles a great game all around
10011001011001011,Recommended,238010,9597280,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Defalt,"After the booming success of the first two Deus Ex titles, Human Revolution lives up to its successors. Deus Ex: Human Revolution (Director's Cut) has a compelling storyline, leaving the player on edge, ready to devour more of the secrets behind Sarif Industries. The well-rounded Augmentations allow flexibility of different player styles, making the game even more worth it. The game's endings, although short in duration, leave the player wanting more, in Deus Ex: The Fall."
,Recommended,238010,9597397,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Daddy Lazy Boy,"I haven't played through the PC/Steam version, but so far the platform only makes it better. It may be up there on my 360 Mount Rushmore with Mass Effect 2 (and two others I haven't given enough thought to yet)."
76561198095720710,Recommended,238010,8593666,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Sgt.Whipass,Soooo Much Fun!!!!!
76561198054941955,Recommended,238010,9602171,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,masterspanky,"Lots of fun and so many different ways to play. Steath or Head-On. Kill, Disable, or Avoid. Long Range or Up Close. Getting the achiements is cool, but not required to have a great time!"
,Recommended,238010,9603830,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Bohlsi,A huge upgrade from an already brilliant base game and during a sale its 5 bucks for the game and dlc i.e great ♥♥♥♥ing value
,Recommended,238010,11119745,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Plankus Spankus,"The complete version of what we all thought was going to be one of the worst ""current day"" sequel ever, boy where we wrong.I didn't ask for this..."
76561198030986964,Recommended,238010,10892647,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,abc4123,Awesome game.  I've played some of the older Deus Ex games.  This is the best so far.  Very detailed world.  Interesting story line.  Fun choices of either going stealthy or blazing guns.Definitely would reccomend this game!
76561198000488114,Not Recommended,238010,10893484,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,The Grim Recycler,"Good ideas, poor exicution. All you are paying for is hours of headache."
,Recommended,238010,10894160,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Daggaroth,"Easily one of my favorite games of all time. It is one of the few times that a later game in a series did not disapoint.  Where do I start with this game?Graphics: 10/10 . Everything is absolutely beautiful!, everything is well polished and fits in very well into the setting. I would spend a good chunk of my time just running around looking at things because I was amazed at just how awesome it looks.Gameplay: 9/10, Deus Ex: Human Revolution gives you multiple options and multiple pathways to achieve an objective. from talking someone down to just shoving an explosive down their throat.  I personally favor sneaky style gameplay in these types of games and in DX HR, it did not disapoint, it allowed me to do pretty much everything sneakily and rewarded me for it.  It loses a point as you have to defeat most bosses in a rather direct style combat method, which when you have specialized your equipment and traits into stealth, can be quite difficult in some situations.   Besides that one gnit pick, it is a game that I can ( and have ) played from end to end multiple times.Story: 100/100!  The story in this game contains one of the best written dialogs since the first Deus Ex, which, if you can stomach the early 2000 graphics, ( very horrid by todays standards), is another of my alltime favorite games.    As a fan of the Deus Ex story, I had extremely high expectations of DX:HR's story and I was not disapointed and feel incredibly satisfied not only at the story but my role in it and my given options.Overall: 8.9/10. all in all this game is immensely satisfiying and well worth it.  A must have for any gamer!"
76561197980715637,Recommended,238010,10895477,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Rekt it Ralph,"The only complaint about this game is that my PC is laggy when running it, but I have a crappy PC. Should be a really really good game if played on another PC. I never asked for my PC."
,Recommended,238010,15101469,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Ardyn izunia,Great game
76561198030497356,Recommended,238010,7522281,"Posted: 30 October, 2013",all,Amora Shepard,Human Revolution was a fun game and a refreshing new way of playing an RPG. You couldn't go in guns blazing in every mission like you could in Fallout New Vegas. The only thing bad that I could say about the original version they fixed in the Directors Cut: only having one viable strategy for each boss. You HAD to have the EMP Shielding perk before you fought Yelena or else you would have to carry about 50 Hypostims on hotkey because the only way to decloak her was to destroy a generator and electrify the coolant(what the...?).
76561198006304047,Recommended,238010,14980596,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Sanschanger,"This is probably one of the best games I have ever played.I was 21 when the original Deus Ex came out, and I played it to completion. I never played the sequel for more than a few hours (though I intend to go through it some day). I sat on this game for a few years, and made two aborted attempts at it before really digging in on my third try.Good graphics, amazing production design, music, characters, and the action and controls are great. Some quests felt a little complicated, and I wish there were more short, side quests, but I really have nothing ""concrete negative"" to say.The stealth aspect of this game is excellent. I enjoyed sneaking around and taking out guards (both lethally and non-lethally) as much as I enjoyed it in the Splinter Cell series (maybe more). When the action really lights up, I felt like I was in the heat of the moment; when I walked away victorious, it was a surging feeling.The storyline ties into the other games. Some familiar faces pop up, and events lead logically into the next game, while still allowing ""Human Revolution"" to stand on its own feet.I've heard a lot of people complain about the ending and compare it to the Mass Effect 3 ending. Though similar, I would disagree. I have to applaud the writers as well- the different endings each do a good job of explaining and rationalizing why a person might believe it to be the right choice. It really captured the range of human belief systems, and is something that I think anyone of any political or religious affiliation can enjoy.Seriously, if you're just reading this review and not sure whether to buy... I would highly recommend it. I just played through it yesterday and I'm already eager to walk those hard streets of Detroit again."
,Recommended,238010,13997388,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,F A B E Z,Freaking great. Love it.
,Recommended,238010,13712757,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,nightcatsmeow,"5/5A First Person shooter that manages to blend  a cover mechanic that reminds me of a Third Person Shooter.  Along with varient paths to follow, and a cyber punk story line that keeps me interested enough to care about.The game plays well on my comptuer (ram is decent video card is a little lite) with somewhat reduced settings but with droppin ambient shaddows and reducing resolution a little it runs like butter..The character progression and upgrade system focuses entirely on the cybernetics the protaganist Adam Jensen gets after the events of the opening mission.  Once you have them though there are options to enhance his abilities that fit any play style from exploration, to hacking, to raw combat to stealth or even conversation.Levels have similarly branching options for the stealth hacker, the sneaky assassin, or the guns blazing types.  When I played in the X-Box 360 when it came out, the boss fights were ALWAYS direct you had no option to sneak or plan around them really making the heaviest combat upgrade (the Typhoon) a big help..  However I heard this may be fixed in this version but I havnt gotten to that yet so check other reviews.The game story has enough twists to keep it fresh through the game, and all essential information is revealed in voice acted dialogue though checking terminals and PDA's for information can help and will open up some background as well as offer some clues for getting around some issues, or show you passwords to some termals and locked doors.There is alos one twist that led to one of my favorite moments in my gamming carreer but to explain it would be to spoiler it.  The best I can convey is that it was a moment when I had avoided a trap set by one of the vilains and the smug expression on the protaganists face was mirrored wonderfully on my own.  Video games are the only medium of story telling that let that moment be yours, not a vicarious sharring of it with the protaganist.All told it's exciting, engaging, and enternatining"
,Recommended,238010,13533294,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,McBru,"It takes a lot to get me actually invested in a game, but this game does it so easily. The story, the gameplay, and the atmosphere is the strongest I've experienced in a game for a very long time.The best way to describe the game's atmosphere is a mix between Blade Runner and the Matrix. You're Adam, a badass agent who is being used as a pawn in a bigger game, and as you progress through this perfectly story-driven game you find out just how deep it goes. The story is the game's strongest element, which doesn't mean much because all parts are that good. The characters all have depth and are nowhere near forgettable. You'll find yourself playing to find out what happens next, which is the mark of a well written story.The game rewards stealth but doesn't punish you for using your guns. As you've read by now every situation can be approached with different goals. To give you an example, at one point in the game I was trying to get into a restricted area. I tried sweet-talking the guard but I messed that up, so instead I hacked into some computers to find the passcode for a door leading into the area. That worked, but as I was inside I found a vent that I could have climbed through if I had explored the roof of the building. Cool stuff."
76561198009878398,Recommended,238010,13431345,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,stoxasths,"Had to play a lot time a FPS-RPG game (last ones was the half life series). I really enjoy it, really good game.Have not played any other deus ex games before, started with the third game of the series. I recommend it guys!I bought the bundle with all four Deus Ex games."
76561198058462050,Recommended,238010,13432531,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Philipp Dobiess,Interesting and thought provoking game with great gameplay.
76561198072807029,Recommended,238010,27383129,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Roxas,A lot of player choice and pretty fun gameplay. The amount of things you can do is pretty fun as well.
,Recommended,238010,27355773,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Mystic,Top Game
,Recommended,238010,27106356,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Vampire Ági,"Awesome game, bought it on a Christmas Sale, one of my best decisions."
,Recommended,238010,27211980,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Mephistox,"A light philosophical approach to a sociopolitically driven age of discrimination and racism, masked with a privately funded corporate war. If nothing about this screams how humanity has not changed, then that is because it never will."
,Recommended,238010,27209338,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,The Justice of SID,"One of my all time favorite games. The amount of freedom you are given pertaining to how you want to engage enemies and venturing throughout levels is incredibly satisfying. Don't like running into enemy territoy guns blazing? No problem, just sneak your way past enemies. Not a fan of killing in general? A combination of sneaking by and performing non-lethal takedowns will do the job for you. The game caters to a wide variety of play styles, and combined with a plethora of side missions that go hand in hand with the main story missions, this game will keep you busy. And the New Game + will bring in future playthroughs since you can carry over all your past augmentations into this mode."
,Recommended,238010,27191536,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ScrufffyJoe,"This game comes across as a serious stealth game but when you get into it you can have so much fun.I was in a police station and knocked out every single officer but one, hiding their bodies in the same vent. I followed this final officer around, completely oblivious to where everyone had gone and then killed him by throwing a vending machine at him.Point is if you want a serious futuristic stealth game, buy this game. If you want a fun futuristic stealth game, buy this one. If you want a game entirely about combat, still buy this game."
76561198260084524,Recommended,238010,27212973,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Reed Wan,This game is something new for me. Much better than Sleeping Dogs~~
76561198081728257,Recommended,238010,27225009,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,The Dodger,"One of the best if not THE best game I have ever played, done multiple playthroughs, love the choice in the game, the extras you can read. Also the overall style and visuals are stunning even with its age. The origional Deus Ex is a classic and this game fits the role of spirtual successor. I cannot recomend this game enough. Cant wait to get around playing the sequal to this one."
,Recommended,238010,8957740,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,JavaBomberman,"One of the best games to come out in the last 10 years. Engrossing story, fun characters, and groundbreaking gameplay."
,Recommended,238010,27273566,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,No hit beastslayer,I never asked for this *kills the HYRON project*
,Recommended,238010,18448199,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,[AC~J] Enterprise,"A totally recommended game and surely the best of the Deus Ex series in my opinion! Lots of missions, side-quests, variety of weapons and upgrades. You can either play this FPS game going h.a.m. or just going stealth and sneaky! And on top of that.... guess what?!? FOUR DIFFERENT ENDINGS!*spoiler alert*Choose what future lies for the humanity!! ;)"
76561198091026698,Recommended,238010,27235214,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Cheating Death,Cool game with a mix of detective work and RPG action.
76561198145134409,Recommended,238010,27249709,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Ulfric Stormcloak,"A really interesting game with a well endowed storyline that can be vary based on what you like in terms of difficulty and playstyle.The story and sidequests depend on the choices that you make throughout the game.You can be either be the best assassin or a pacifist choosing not to kill any enemies that you face.Sadly, you can't do much exploration because of the few and small places that you get to but there are still some hidden quests or loot that you can find.Overall a game that in my opinion is worth the bucks and will provide some thrilling gameplay for 20-30 hours"
,Recommended,238010,27185906,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Admiral Emile Heskey,"I like punching unsuspecting people, and if you do too then this is the game for you!"
,Recommended,238010,27183413,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,GrubDawn,A great addition to the deus ex series. A must buy for anyone into cyberpunk.
,Recommended,238010,27175822,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,CicakNgapung,i loved this game
,Recommended,238010,22405935,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,JellyMule,"DX:HR is the third installment in the DX franchise. It is however a prequel to DX: Invisible War, DX:IW is a prequel to the original DX released in 99'. The game has evolved a lot over the year as such the game lore is incredibly detailed. If you are looking for a game to get lost in it's story and world, this is one of them.GAMEPLAYDX:HR is best enjoyed with a mix of stealth and combat gameplay. However, to fully take advantage of all your augmentations, you need to play more stealthily to gain XP to unlock your augs. The game can be played entirely by stealth, combat or speed-running. Boss battles can be completed in more than one way for the exception of the final battle. Movement is smooth as butter, weapon variety is terrific and the augs really steal the show. Some high level weapons appear very late in game to be of any real use, but I found that the most enjoyable way to play a combat run is to just use any weapons you find, finish ammo, dump it and pick up a new one and continue. There was never a point in the game where you will feel overwhelmed unless you are playing a full stealh/pacifist/no augs run.PRESENTATIONThe DX:HR world is vibrant and alive. Though NPCs are often fixed and do not really interact with others much, the illusion of a living city is very good. The little details like names of stores, brands, NPC chatters, etc all make for a very believable world.OVERALLHighly recommend it, get the Director's Cut Edition for New Game+ which allows you to carry over all unloacked augs into a new playthrough, plus additional features, weapons, etc..."
,Recommended,238010,27389807,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,SerialTranny,"This game is pretty decent for Deus Ex. It's strongest point is the story for sure. Gameplay is alright, but could be better."
,Recommended,238010,27123076,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,_Black_Prince_OMG,We ask for this
,Recommended,238010,27150772,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Tusken Raider,I got this around when it came out thinking of playing some new sthealt-action title mixed with a good sci-fi plot. I eventually got underneath the story and it just blew me.The moral dilemma it touches is a modern issue and it goes beyond technology vs human.
76561198009290757,Recommended,238010,26952818,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Taengoo,One of my favourite game of all times. Is one of the few games I have actually played through multiple times.
,Recommended,238010,26952877,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Colonel StuckInMyTooth,"This game had no chance of surpassing the original Deus Ex, but they tried anyway, and I respect that. It did as well as it could have, and while it can be buggy and slightly unbalanced, so was the original, and it is one of the best games of all time. Options for non-lethal runs are limited and can make you fell like you're missing out if you play that way. Don't play on Give Me Deus Ex difficulty and play non-lethal in the same playthrough; its difficult but not fun."
,Recommended,238010,26995054,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ObserverAdam,"I spent more than 50 hours on the original version when I was in the middle school, and it opened my eyes to an unknown but possible dark future, which is filled with the expanding gap of wealth, the intensifying struggles between social classes and interest groups, the disorder caused by crimes and corrputions, and, above all, the unbalance between technological and social development. Although the graphics and shooting part of the game is unsatisfactory, you can still feel that you are really exploring and interacting this colorful world during the gameplay. Trust me, there are plenty of games which provides excellent stealth experience, however, at present, there are few games with elaborate worlds and attractive plots as this game is. So if you want to enjoy a good story, do not hesitate to try it."
,Recommended,238010,27036967,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,S[]uare,FTB
76561198042563553,Recommended,238010,26931518,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,luismartin05,"Despite it's flaws, it's still one of the best games of the decade."
76561198110743298,Recommended,238010,26416690,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,₵onstantine,"Simply perfect, in every and any aspect of a game."
,Recommended,238010,26937400,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Moby-Dick Gaming,Worthy successor to JC and the original Deus Ex. 3 Augmented Thumbs Up!
,Recommended,238010,26939391,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Wang Tang,"GOTY 2011 in my opinion.Incredible atmosphere, believable characters and great story.The augmentations (aka special powers) tie in neatly with the game's world, and weasling through a police building unseen is both tense and really satisfying.The DC lost too much orange for my liking, but the integration of The Missing Link DLC into the story flow is crucial."
,Recommended,238010,26935906,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Alexander Graf,This is one of the best games in this genre. It is impossible to describe in words.Just take and play.I advise everyone.
,Recommended,238010,26952125,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,zeff,"Hands down one of the best and most immersive single player FPS games I've played. I really love the style, mood, story and execution of the game. Playing stealth in this game is really satisfying and well rewarded; in a more gratifying way than say, a stealth archer build in Skyrim. In a way it seems very foreshadow-y in regards to technology, and it really takes a what if question about technology and drives it home."
,Recommended,238010,14536714,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,iggy1eco,"It's cut but also the whole thing.A prequel to the original Deus Ex, Deus Ex: Human Revolution is a cyberpunk themed game set in a very near future where cybernetics are booming in the market. This game has exellent ambience with a top notch musical score to match, relying heavily on drama about how the lives and environment of the world as we know it would change if everyone was allowed to be augmented with newer, better but unatural bodyparts. There are conspiracy theories, exellent voice acting and writing, making this game a masterpiece and a ""must have"" for fans of sci-fi with a taste for ""food for brain"" and don't mind going deep into the social issue this game represents, amongst other entertaining features.Also, you choose the way you play: either a killer, a manipulator, a pacifist, sneaky fox or guns blazer, each with it's own consequences throughout the game.RecommendedNOTE: It's funny how this game has been predicting everything that is happening now in terms of technological advancements and social/corporate issues. I bet Bob Page owns who owns who owns Square Enix."
,Recommended,238010,26986722,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,MrForerunner,"Played through it muiltple times and still each time, I find something different."
,Recommended,238010,26986826,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Mr.Ianick,Just Awsome. Always fun to play again and again.
76561198044498583,Recommended,238010,26994724,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Lightning Kachowski,Never before has stuffing people into vents been so immersive.
,Recommended,238010,26912610,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,GoodSwimma,"It's a profoundly visionary, smart, and engagign game. Have already played through it several times, making different choices and exploring the consequences each time. I believe it to be a classic."
,Recommended,238010,19268464,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,SpwnMoarOverlrds,I wana be Adam Jensen when I grow up.
76561197966251627,Recommended,238010,19301349,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,shyran,"I feel that this game had a pretty good plotline and excellent character options. I especially appreciated being able to decide on focusing on stealth or being more frontal assault oriented, or somewhere in between. Also, the fact that I could be entirely non-lethal (with the exception of the boss battles of course) was a cool feature. I thought that certain time critical moments without an actual timer component were well done. How the game presented the consequences of success or failure of theses critical moments as a part of the story were handled seamlessly. It came as a very big surprise to find out later that certain parts could have had a different outcome based on my actions. While I did enjoy this game immensely, it did have its flaws. The biggest flaw to me was the inventory system. I was OK with needing upgrades to expand my inventory, that at least made some sense. What didn't however was which items stacked and which did not. It was just confounding to me that items such as mines stacked, but mine templates didn't, or that grenades didn't either. Plus the auto-arrangement code seemed slightly bugged when inventory was near full (like it wouldn't always rotate ammo stacks to accomodate fitting in bigger items). I felt like I had to spend too much time managing inventory just to be able to pick up upgrades or spare weapons to sell for money. Added to this was the lack of being able to rotate items manually if necessary. Another disappointment was that during certain conversations, if you don't have the social influencer module, certain dialog options aren't present to the point that the character is made to look less observant or more obtuse than is truly accurate. Lastly, there is a point in the game where the character's enhancements get wiped clean. You are credited with some points to re-upgrade, but only partially. This causes the following section of the game to be potentially way more challenging than it needs to be, since the player is forced to re-allocate those points in an expedient time frame without knowing anything about any of the upcoming challenges. Even on the normal difficultly I cannot recall how many times I was killed because I didn't have certain abilities that I had before the forced reset and either didn't or couldn't re-allocate points into those abilities. It made for a rather frustrating mission that almost killed the game for me. Overall, this game was still fun to play and I would recommend it for at least one good play through."
,Recommended,238010,19204595,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,KFC Mannager™,I asked for this.10/10
76561198060807434,Recommended,238010,19193426,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,dave.middlebrook,jusat a fantastic game all round
76561198023507159,Recommended,238010,19229696,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,the.grognard,This game is to RPG shooters what xCom is to turn-based games...the standard.
76561198038742356,Recommended,238010,18778574,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Enigma88,"A phenomenal First Person Action RPG series, one of the few games I hold in as high a regard as titles like ""Mass Effect"" & ""Metal Gear Solid""+ A Sandbox Cyberpunk world with more than enough exploration and side quests to please anyone.+ New Game Plus, for the player who wants all the skills, Weapon upgrades and wants to do everything.+ A Mesmerizing Soundtrack, Micheal Mcchan is the Hans Zimmer of Game Soundtracks.+ Decision making, for every major scenario/engagement you get to choose between 3 or more possible outcomes, based on your decision making that will alter the outcome of the game.+ Deep enveloping storyline & cast of characters, that will make you never want to put it down (just one more quest..Just one more hour)+ Skill Tree, that enables you to create the style of Jensen that suits you. Or just get it all, with New Game +.+ Play your way, there are several ways to approach almost every situation in the game. Assault, Stealth, Hacking, decision manipulation, you'll find a way that suits you.+ Special Abilitys, everything from having Max damage reduction, Super Streangth to punch through walls & pickup/throw heavy objects. Or use invisibility to mess with your enemies heads, hack turrets and droids to become your ally and take em all out with em or Use single or multiple lethal & non-lethal takedowns.+ A large Arsenal of lethal & non-lethal weaponry to choose from from (SMG, Sniper RIfles, LMG, Assault rifle, Pistols, Stun Gun, Shotguns, Grenades (four different variations) and remote explosives.+ Weapon mods & Upgrades, Laser Sights, Lock-on Sights (Fire and forget) armor piercing & explosive round mods, and suppressors, to name a few. And you may upgrade four different stats on weaponry as well. Damage, Reload Time, Accuracy and Ammo Capacity.Overall a complete experience for any Sci Fi enthusiest, of a believable near-future. Based on some of the same concepts we have today, like plastic surgery and having enough wealth to alter (augment) ourselves into what our idea of 'perfect' is, in a (part of) society that believes its the only way to progress and evolve into more. The In-game conflicts escalate over this perspective and the other beliefs that are for and against the idea.Where 'you' stand with your opinion, will be the deciding factor that shapes the world of Deus Ex.We can only hope the upcoming sequel. ""Mankind Divided"" is just as good (if not better) and it clearly takes this concept/conflict to the next level.P.S: Don't let the 'Time Played' fool you, I have had two full play throughs more than whats here, On a Original hard copy."
,Recommended,238010,19400397,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Alexander L. Jones,gets on a boat and loses everything... i didnt ask for this.
,Recommended,238010,19401804,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,X_TOXICBULLET_X,"awesome game, definitely gonna put some more hours in!"
76561198018676194,Recommended,238010,19380408,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Robert D'aardvark,"Terrific game, genuinely enjoyed my playthrough."
76561198182861414,Recommended,238010,19385457,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,JoJo,"Stealthy game play, great dialogue"
76561198110053649,Recommended,238010,19371806,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,SPACEJEEBUS,"I love this game!!! I reccomended it to all of my friends, and they love it. SO if you have money and you like action/rpg/fps game play. then your money cannot fly out of your pocket fast enough!!!!!!"
76561197997035695,Recommended,238010,19438978,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Osmiumwo1f,"Pros:1. The Missing Link integrate to the main game so you don't have to launch DX:HR - The Missing Link after you blown office room in the dock.2. Boss fight has been improve by adding more area in boss fight and some stuff to help someone who spent all ammo before boss fight.Cons:1. Boss fight, although SE claims that they improve boss fight, they only increase boss fight area so you don't have to fight them in the very small area, and also add some stuff to help you fight them slightly easier that the original, like turrets and gas valves, BUT they still vulnerable to explosive just like the original.Verdict:I recommend this game if you never play DX:HR before or want to play DX:HR - The Missing Link in the way that it should be."
,Recommended,238010,19437155,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Reptar,Awesome! Awesome! Awesome!
,Recommended,238010,30645629,Posted: 20 March,all,Marty McFly,"This game is awsome. It's really imersive, soundtracks are fantastic, and the story is great."
76561198152490856,Recommended,238010,19540905,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Spec,Very good game. Square keep bringing good experince with their games.
,Recommended,238010,19695145,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Kablamo,awesome gameworth the price
76561198095512469,Recommended,238010,19726363,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Olly,"This is by far one of the best games that has ever been produced and the developers should be proud. Deus Ex not only has  great combat action and a stealthy aspect to it, but also has a brilliant story line that most games lack."
,Recommended,238010,19590673,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Lagnic,"Highly recommend. Tons of fun, great gameplay, level design that encouraged player choice, enjoyable combat (at least playing stealthily, the gunplay was a little weak) and a really developed world with interesting characters. The ending was a a little disappointing but in this game it's about the journey, not the destination."
,Recommended,238010,18023789,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Doki Doki Gonzales,"A fantastic game and despite some casualized elements, a worthy successor to the Deus Ex name. Captures the conspiracy theory and dystopian cyberpunk elements that made the original great, while avoiding the pitfalls of Invisible War."
76561198100549997,Recommended,238010,18016168,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Zvizdić Pizdić,"An awesome stealth/RPG game in it's own right, but beig a part of the Deus Ex universe? Even better! The story could be more intriguing and ""mysterious"" through. But still draws you in easily."
76561198148053485,Recommended,238010,18010527,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,สลัดผัก,"So brillant , good mechanics and best gameplay. This game is very suitable for stealth fan. You may feel out of place in the earlier of the game. But when you keep pushing, Deus Ex will become number one in your heart easily.Graphics are well enogh as Square Enix standard. (However, they don't have many options for configuration at the first place). The most enjoyable part is story. You can grasp the detail of the stoty by exploring evironment around the stages and patch it together.The stage design is very ingenious.With this, all skills in this game aren't anyone of them being useless. Besides Boss fights in this game is very remarkable. It's memorable and rich in details."
,Recommended,238010,25552334,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Mixtro,"The game features a great story line and atomosphere. I loved the two styles of gameplay offered by this game, where you can complete this game stealthily by killing everyone, or by knocking them out, going front line and killing everyone, etc.I loved the RPG elements, and the choices you can make. What amazed me by far is the upgrade system, where you choose your gameplay and upgrade yourself towards how you want to play.To summarize my points:Pros:- Great upgrade system- RPG elements- Side quests- Weapon upgrades- Lots of escape routesCons:- Funny bugs (Maybe this should be positive, nothing too serious though)- Hacking can become very tedious- Stealth is way too easy, standing next to the guard doesn't make him see you"
,Recommended,238010,25519936,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,James Alexander Jack,The impossible boss battles of the original release have been fixed in the Director's Cut!Get this if you like stealth games!
76561198062675372,Recommended,238010,9226997,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Antiriver13,Very fun and a crazy good time!
76561198129063444,Recommended,238010,25533873,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,MSX,Fantastic Game!Awesome Story and Gameplay!
,Recommended,238010,25431561,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,MoonMann,"You never asked for it, but you'll be glad you got it.This is one of those games that you don't see to often now, it has great gameplay and a great story to boot. On top of that the game does a fantastic job of making all the endings seem justifiable and fulfilling.Definitely worth the money and the time.Darn triangle people always messing with world."
76561198127835790,Recommended,238010,25409645,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,drensplicer,"Back when this game came out in ye olden daeys of... 2011? Man I'm getting old.Any hoo. I was in college so I torrented the hell out of this game as soon as a crack was out, which honestly took only a day back then. This also happened to be near my end semester exams and I totally spent the time I should've been studying with my head over here while my roomate kept telling me to get off my computer which could just barely run the game.I flunked two subjects that sem.A few months ago I saw this game on discount and I swear my card levitated out of my wallet, even though just a week prior I had torrented this Director's cut version.I don't think crack is this addictive.So yeah definitely buy this game"
76561198041428855,Recommended,238010,25417410,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,One Third Nerd,"A decent follow-up to the original (I'm ignoring the one which came in between)Pros:- Levels and mechanics allow for different approaches to overcome challenges- Good story and characters- Mostly fun character upgrades- Beautiful world and audioCons:- Some character upgrades are only useful for 'unlocking' certain paths, with no other impact on gameplay- Another air vent, really?All in all - a good action-adventure with replay value."
,Recommended,238010,20596262,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,White_Noise,"Another one for my ""Greatest Of All Time"" list.In this game, your actions truly do matter.Youchoose how the game will end, who will suffer, and who is spared.You can play this game any way you like, the option is yours to either be ""loud and proud"" or stealthy like a cat.With one of the greatest storylines to a game that I've ever seen, matched with just the right amount of action makes for one hell of a fun time."
,Recommended,238010,25464925,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Mr Oujamaflip,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=39PqfYC4lRI
76561198074874339,Recommended,238010,25501887,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Ethan .S.,"Excellent plot, gameplay is quite extensive, and overall i would rate it an extremely good game, after all;ILLUMINATI CONFIRMED"
,Recommended,238010,25490398,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Ginstench,"Ace. Love the cover system which, as great as the original Deus Ex is, renders it unplayable. Story is not as elaborate as the original, but is still interesting enough. If anything it seems to be a sort of semi-remake, with similar plot elements, to the point that I thought maybe it was going to be some sort of Matrix-like simulation...Nothing in this game tops the escape-Majestic-12-base level of DE, though."
76561198142726747,Recommended,238010,25287810,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,BeGud,"One of the best games of this decade; modern video game developers need to take notes.Everything in this game is well constructed, and put together perfectly, to give you a hugely immersive experience.You are effectively getting 2 different games in 1:-If you choose an action oriented style of play, you will have tremendous amounts of fun.-And if you play an explorative, quiet and stealthy gameplay style [which I HUGELY recommend you do], you will find yourself sinking in an amazingly written, shockingly realistic story, where you discover dark secrets, lies, deception and most importantly THE BEST set of characters in video game history.Every major character in this game is beautifully complex and highly logical; every single one of them is on the extreme end of the specter, yet if you logically analyse the thought process of each one of them from his point of view, you will logically reach the same conclusion as him and start understanding why each one choose to act the way they did.Story: 9/10Character arch & development: 10/10World and environment: 10/10Music: 11/10Graphics: 8/10Gameplay mechanics [weapons,abilities,hacking,etc.]: 9/10Extremely recommended"
76561198006247927,Recommended,238010,25459278,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Trigonometry,"Been playing DeusEx HR on/off for years now and completed it roughly 3 times. Its an amazing work of augmented art.+ Adam Jenson - The MC is amazing, good voice actor and appearance+ The World - Even with augments and the advancement of Man their is still the rundown and oppressed and the rich still walk among the poor. Just like reality+ Well Balanced upgrades+ Choices during conversations or other crucial moments+ Sleath system+ engage multiple ways+ Exploration+ Sariff Industries - Hell even I'd work there if it got attacked every week+ OST+ Beatdown Animations- Easy to get lost- Animations can be too bland and static- Gold filter on graphics- Cover system a little sticky- Jumping, sometimes its best to save before jumping over a ledge"
,Recommended,238010,22752789,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Belmont ™,"Fantastic game with mechanics and RPG elements that make you feel invested and enthralled.With effort and great graphics card, this game really ties into its elders of the series!... Be careful which tree you build into!"
,Recommended,238010,22636221,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,BL_R,I never asked for this
76561198093874974,Recommended,238010,16665380,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,A Buzzed Whaler,"Ok so let's talk deus ex; this game is well made, has a good story and good gameplay. It's worth at least 2 replays on new game+ mode (playing this game with the best hacking and persuasion skills makes it so much more fun) and the side missions are also very fun. However this game was ported from xbox 360 and it has quite a few graphical issues, namely black blood, invisible textures, black textures and other weird stuff. these aren't common but at the same time not that rare, so basically if your'e not nit-picky your good to go! you'll be faced with many challenges like stealth, hacking, cover based combat, weapon upgrades, praxis points and kits, money and much, much more.so all in all I would suggest this game any day!"
,Recommended,238010,22813345,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,FR3EL4NCE,"What can I say, this game is phenomenal and is probably one of the best games, right next to the original Deus Ex. The hard work and dedication that the Eidos company really shows in the way the game is structured, graphically detailed, and the way it flows freely with player choice in mind. If you want to enjoy a great game which includes cyberpunk themes, kill bad guys (or put them to sleep) with some nice high tech weapons, then play this game. I payed $5 for this when it was on sale, wouldn't mind paying $15, because I enjoyed it that much. The 4 unique endings in the end, plus the special ending after watching the credits in game, is just awesome! 4.5/5"
,Recommended,238010,17330769,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Grizzly,"Do you like a seemingly normal game that quickly descends into raving conspiracies?Do you like finely-crafted stealth gameplay that allows you to take on the level as you see fit?Do you like an overabundance of detail and world-building which makes the world feel more lively?Do you like having lots of optional objectives and having freedom over how you'll build your character?Do you want to presented with a realistic conflict over the control of human revolution, where the game will sit back and let you follow your own views on the matter?Probably, in which case, you should get Deus Ex: Human Revolution.And in chronological order, the game. Firstly, raving conspiracies. Deus Ex is a series known for involving deep, winding conspiracies that get more and more far-fetched as the game goes on. Human Revolution is no different. You start off innocently, as a Security Chief working for a biotech company named ""Sarif Industries"". After an attack on your company, you, being the security chief, end up tracking down a few leads on your attackers, and then it just goes down into the rabbit hole from there. Some of the characters felt bland, which made the storytelling feel out of place at times.The gameplay. My god, the gameplay. When I said you were working for a biotech company, I mean that they're in the business of making augmentations. Augmentations are essentially devices like basic prosthetics, ranging to full-fledged cerebral modifications that alter how an individual would think. Well, your character is ♥♥♥♥in' laced with the things, and they all serve to give you plenty of powers and abilities to upgrade and play with. You can enhance the stealth gameplay by upgrading your augmentations and tailoring your character to whichever type of stealth you want to use. If you plan on knocking everyone out, you can invest in augmentations that allow you to silently knock out two enemies at once. Or perhaps you just wanna sneak past people, in which case you could upgrade your cloaking augmentation to allow you to slip past people with invisibility. The augmentation system allows you to spec your character for stealth and proritize your gameplay preference.When I talk about taking on the levels however you see fit, I mean through a number of ways. At one point, I found a guard all alone, easily beaten, but instead of just knocking him out, I decided to take another solution. I brutally beat the ♥♥♥♥o to death by throwing a ♥♥♥♥ing photocopier at him repeatedly, and the game let me do that. If I wanted, I could have just passed by that guard, or choked him out, or killed him, or lured him out of the room.And my god, is Human Revolution detailed. The world itself is littered with side quests, providing a load of extra content and adding some interesting side stories to the game. But then comes the even more hidden storylines. If one goes off track for a while and reads a few emails, they uncover all kinds off things going on between employees and guards. I once stumbled upon a ""Dwayne Crosby"" sending a threatening email to his subordinates after he found his screensaver and desktop background had been replaced by images of animal porn. After that, I hacked a few more PCs in the area and eventually found the culprits, all secretly conspiring over email in a dastardly attempt to ♥♥♥♥ with their boss.Once again, augmentations and side objectives. You can spec your character for all kinds of stealth, or for combat, or to even just talk his way through everything. You can decide what objectives you want to take on and whether they're really necessary.And then the augmentation crisis. To provide a little more backstory here, an augmentation blurs the lines between human and machine. They had sparked endless debate in the world of Deus Ex, with the ""purists"", Humanity Front, being the anti-augs, and the pro-augs, being biotech companies. Human Revolution presents you with a very realistic conflict, with people arguing many different points about augmentations, their advantages and disadvantages. These arguments become very important later on in the game.You see, when it finally comes down to it, Human Revolution asks you to make a choice on what you think is right. Are you a pro-aug or anti-aug? And believe me, it's not simple decision. I don't think I've ever been more conflicted on a decision like this in a video game. The beauty of the whole system is that the game never stresses either viewpoint. It will never make pro-augs or anti-augs out to be the bad guys, or try to influence your decision in the end. In the end, you decide for yourself, based around your own views of the matter. The game doesn't provide benefits for either choice and remains mostly unbiased. I started the game off being pro-aug, but by the end of it, I felt like my opinion had been changed completely.It feels like an actual, real-life conflict happening, and although augmentation technology doesn't exist yet, I can imagine that a situation like Human Revolution's wouldn't be far from the truth. On one hand, it's about preserving humanity, and on the other, it's about achieving new heights for humanity.I'm not sure how you've interpreted my view of the argument so far, but I can assure you that your opinion will be changed once you play the game.On a slightly more negative note, we're playing a gimped version. The Director's Cut is an older version of the game that runs a little worse. Considering I was able to play it on a toaster, it's not that bad.Simply put, big, long, stealth conspiracy game = thought-provoking fun."
76561198137923201,Recommended,238010,22803581,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Vashanko,No doubt the best cyberpunk stealth game ever! Would recomend anyone who is into this stuff.
,Recommended,238010,22829798,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Mat,Great game. Nice mechanics/gameplay and story was well written. Graphism is cool and OST have good tracks.
,Not Recommended,238010,21779429,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,stasguy,The graphics of the game are ruined.
,Recommended,238010,21732064,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Goobypls18,Brilliant game the perfect mix of first person action and RPG
,Recommended,238010,21764661,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Tellso,"Comes so close to meeting the level of the original, making this one of the best games around even after 2 odd years."
76561198045392294,Recommended,238010,21763921,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,bananalopa,"It's not great as first Deus Ex, but game is really good"
25164161564653519,Recommended,238010,21820602,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,BlitzKrieg44,"A better version of Deus Ex Human Revolution. Fixed all the problems I had with that game, and even added some stuff like New Game Plus. Amazing game."
76561197970542912,Recommended,238010,21796695,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Yes?,"It´s a great game. If you can get it to work, that is.Doesn´t work for me anymore, seems to have issues with windows 10, just like so many other games.Have tried different solutions to no avail.QUITE ANNOYING..Edit: Got it going again after reinstalling steam and reloading it, effing brilliant! :-)"
76561198106266640,Recommended,238010,21737586,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Doing hte big think,"I need an adult, I have had an accident"
76561198006880345,Recommended,238010,21806954,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Beef Supreme,"After 74 hours of gameplay spread over two years, I finally completed Deus Ex Human Revolution. I am increasingly picky with which games I consider spending valuable time on. This is one of those games. Truly for adults, the game contains a treasure of social critique, and both philosophical and political considerations. I highly recommend this title...so much so that I offered extra credit for an analysis of the game content to students, right along side canonical theoretical texts, and some great films. It is absolutely imperative for any playthrough to include reading all of the in-game content texts."
,Recommended,238010,9710904,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Eazydzzz,This game reminds me of the future.
,Recommended,238010,21299190,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,O'Rayan,"A classic. Great original universe, story and gameplay.Unique atmosphere and a narrative that questions humanity itslef.Good freedom of actions between combat, stealth, paths, exploration, augmentations and dialogues. Can be played in various different ways.Tip: Play full stealth and max difficulty for maximum fun."
76561197971838788,Recommended,238010,21945200,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,C0nstant1ne,I have just completed the game in normal mode and starting over on max difficulty. It is definately worth buying. A great title with a great story and gameplay options. Here are my pros and cons after my experience so far:PROS:- If you like good story telling in a future cyberpunk environment look no further.- Graphics are updated. They are good (nothing amazing but they do the job). Crimson 16.3 drivers resolve the fps drop issues for AMD users out there.- Soundtrack and sound effects kick♥♥♥♥♥- Gameplay is just wicked. You play as you see fit. Wanna stealth through the whole zone? Go ahead. (Big experience bonus rewarded for doing so). Wanna just shoot your way out? Feel free to do so.-3 different endings.CONS:-Gunning your way out rewards no big experience bonus. Ammo is generally a bit scarce (@ least on normal difficulty). Basically the game rewards you for playing stealthy. I would like it to allow complete freedom on what you would like to do.- Level design quality is not consistent. I really liked some areas way more than others in terms of how many different ways you could get from point X to point Y.- Inventory interface sucks. Perhaps implementing a way to automatically rearrange items according to what you pick up would be a nice addition.- Ability build system seems kind of weird. Some abilities are definately worth getting while some others are completely useless.-Missing link DLC is kind of subpar compared to the rest of the game. Not bad but it does not really add much depth to the rest of the content.Cons are no big deal breaker though. I definately enjoyed the game in its current form and cannot wait for the next Deus Ex. I am playing it again on hard difficulty in stealth mode this time. I think this is more like the way the developers intended the game to be played...In conclusion:DE: HR 9/10Missing Link DLC: 6/10Buy it!
76561198046195032,Not Recommended,238010,21945221,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,otterriverdog,"would be good if it ran better than a dog with one leg. Any given crysis game will run and look infinitely better. Absolute dog♥♥♥♥♥♥support and fixes (registry, decompression, compatibility, run in admin mode etc) do not work. if you love your money, avoid."
76561198080773477,Recommended,238010,21993761,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,bigdfm,"I have played these on my ps3 and platinum, now i have it on pc and i love it great game. Worth playing multipule times because of the different ways you can do the missions like in the hitman games"
,Recommended,238010,22008833,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Urbanrogue449,"Human Revolution is a cyberpunk stealth/action game that allows players to step into the role of Adam Jensen, a security chief for a tech corporation who finds himself in the middle of a global conspiracy.What I love about this game:Open level designMemorable charactersDeep, albeit sometimes corny story and loreAngsty protagonist you can't help but love.What I don't love about this game:Boss fights...they've been cleaned up in the Director's Cut, but they're still not great. They feel like an afterthought to an otherwise immensely well thought-out game. Apparently the boss fights were outsourced to a different company, but that's just not a good excuse for a AAA title like Human Revolution.Square Enix really hit the nail on the head with this game. With so many ways to approach an objective using a plenty of tools, gadgets, and abilities, Human Revolution is worth your time and money."
76561198014645565,Recommended,238010,21956484,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,blackhawk.16,"After every line of Adam Jensen's dialogue, I added the words, ""I'm Batman.""10/10 Cyberpunk Batman Simulator(But seriously, this game is spectacular. Buy it and bask in its brilliance.)"
,Recommended,238010,21957401,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,AzureHSO-RedZLXN,where to start...wellpppkinda upset that i didn't get pacifistbut this game was soo good i bought it on xbox 360 thenmade a whole new cpu rig bought this gamejust to abuse mantle..
,Recommended,238010,21958686,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,The Super Autist,"CYBERPUNK,CYBERPUNK AND MORE MOTHER♥♥♥♥ING CYBERPUNK. 1337/10"
76561198051717509,Recommended,238010,21675512,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Zoomciak,Very good game
,Recommended,238010,21081677,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Yiff-Ulv,favorite game by far just buy it wont regret it
76561198067615902,Recommended,238010,8174946,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Mitch Aldron,need more yellow...
76561198030404344,Recommended,238010,23644184,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,SneakyBeat,"A fantastic game despite its many issues. The writing is rock solid aside from the rushed ending and the stealth mechanics are a load of fun. The biggest critism I have of it is that the exp system is biased towards stealth runs so I recommend saving run and gun playthroughs for NG+.If you bought the vanilla version before it was pulled. The main differences are-The boss fights have been tweaked to be tolerable, you can now beat them via hacking/stealth as opposed to raw power. They aren't great but its certainly an improvement.-New game plus is introduced. You don't keep your items unfortunately but running through the game at max power once you've learned it in and out is always a blast.-It waas built on beta code for some stupid reason so its not as well optimized. This was patched up but I still get the odd hiccup that wasn't there before.-The missing Link is now intergrated into the main campaign. I'm personally not fond of this change as forcing you to play it every time throws the pacing off."
,Recommended,238010,23624713,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Joral,"This game is just  amazing, great cinematic story and one of the best RPG's i have played 9/10."
76561198071177242,Recommended,238010,23628062,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,I Can Haz Teh Cookie?,"I bought it during the Deus Ex steam sale. Still have the original hard copy version of Deus Ex. Got The Missing Link later on, at least this time, the Directors Cut included The Missing Link instead of as a ""standalone"" DLC that you had to launch seperately as if it was another game.Don't know why Eidos Montreal decided to release their DLC this way instead of integrating it into the game. It's the main reason why I bought the Directors Cut."
76561197981886905,Recommended,238010,23623931,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,TheMediator,"Wrote up a lengthy review that appears to have vanished into the nether after clicking ""Post Review""...So the TL;DR of the review I wrote up: Fantastic game, fantastic value, not perfect, but definitely worth picking up especially with respect to the fact that a sequel is on the immediate horizon."
76561198044735557,Recommended,238010,23623002,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,DrTomT18,"A masterpiece.Well, its not perfect in EVERY way. The Boss fights are bit dull, and you'll find your self hacking a lot of computers if you want ALL the lore.But besides that, the gameplay and story and great.Mixing all your augs to find a playstyle that suits you is fun.Will you be a moral crusader, never killing anyone, even if you should?The Judge, killing those you need putting down?or the kill crazy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, who murders anyone who gets in his way"
76561198035044761,Recommended,238010,30800707,Posted: 28 March,all,d_thakorlal,"Great story... lots of fun side/hidden missions... animations are abit lame and does get annoying plus main characters voice is distracting... well, it detracted me anyways... still, story was so good that i couldn't stop until reaching the end... good enough for multiple playthroughs for sure..."
76561198111153530,Recommended,238010,23562518,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,D-Fixer,"Played it, loved it. Gonna break my arms and legs now to get augmented. Wish me luck!!!PS: On a serious note, BUY THE DAMN GAME ALREADY!"
76561198187534525,Recommended,238010,23574796,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,RadRipRepRepublicRebelTrooper,Most fun i have had in a long time on a game. There are multiple ways to finish the game. If you are patient and stealthy you can move through and progress. If you are more impatient you might just rush in shooting and then later find out what you could have done better. It doesn't matter.. The game and developers have given us more freedom to choose what to do. I still remember the first deus ex as a kid..and that blew me away. Now im an adult this deus ex has blown me away and made me want to play the first deus ex again. I hope the new one coming out is just as good and dont limit the story and gameplay for graphics.I wish they had vending machines in this game i could hide weapons.. to use later. Or throw cans at civilians.
,Recommended,238010,23450403,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,dseszu,"This game is almost unplayable because of it's micro stutter. I'm going t ochange my Review if I find a solution :(Edit:Run the game in borderless, set some properties to whatever...Definitly recommend this game!"
,Recommended,238010,23564279,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,The Void,"When i first heard about Deus ex Human revolution, I was Playing Team fortress 2 on what used to be my favorite server and i misheard someone saying ""Deus ex"" and how good it was for day of sex, and i'm sitting there asking people in the game ""well of course who wouldn't enjoy a day of sex!? i mean c'mon .......  oh wait you mean deus ex?...... that good huh?""  needless to say it was quite good.gameplay- stealth action espionageGraphics- Good if not GreatStory- Illuminati,m16,conspiracies, H+the only problem that i can think of is the fact that they re-released this game with the dlc integrated into the game, without giving it to people who already played and bought the game, something that CD Projekt RED knows all about. so if you have to buy this version instead."
,Recommended,238010,23733243,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,uberly bored,Elias Tousexis for me.
,Recommended,238010,11251723,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,eh /b/ infelizmente...,"Game fantástico, com gráficos bons, uma história fenomenal, soundtrack linda, stealth bem feito e opcional, e as opções que podem mudar a storyline. O porte é bem feito, o jogo é bem leve e consegue rodar de boa até em um computador mediano/fraco. O tempo de jogo foi algo que me surpreender, eu achei que zeraia o jogo em até 1 horas, mas demorei 40 horas para fechar, fazendo a maioria das missões secundárias, se você procurar fazer 100%, pode chegar perto de 50 horas, que é um tempo de jogo bem decente!"
76561198050877634,Recommended,238010,30810578,Posted: 29 March,all,j3n sti6litz,9/10 хоспаде
76561197995656590,Recommended,238010,22835574,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Ignite,"I play this game back around 2011 before the the director's cut version. WEll this is a better version (except you that ""missing link"" which  rob away all your hard earn upgrade)Its a good game to play nevetheless"
,Recommended,238010,22427261,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,IX,"I've never been so glad to have bought a game like this, Deus Ex and Deus Ex: Human Revoltuion are maybe in the top 20 of best games ever."
,Recommended,238010,22418810,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Invasion,This game is perfect!
76561198062496904,Recommended,238010,22420295,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,luckylizard03,Just finished through the game and it is worthy of the Deus Ex series.
,Recommended,238010,22429884,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,MR.LAPID ❤,If u cant steath so u can kill them ALLLLLLLLLLLLL.
76561198018070792,Recommended,238010,22412489,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,abetterplay3r,"I really loved this game, brilliant effort. Worth every penny. Please make more!!!"
,Recommended,238010,22422040,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Radidactyl,"5/5This game is a fantastic stealth FPS game that delves deep into the world of cyberpunk. It brings to the table exciting combat, with intricate stealth mechanics and multiple ends to a single goal. Your weapons and yourself are fully upgradeable with interesting tricks and helpful equipment to make the game more interesting and make yourself more successful.The combat is quick and satisfying and more realistic than other FPS games, with minimal ""bullet sponge"" enemies. You can either stealth your way past alarms and through ventilation systems or go in spraying and praying at everyone you see. The game gives you small multiple-choice outcomes that give the game a little extra flavor.The hacking mini-game is simple and fun. There aren't too many of them that it becomes a burden to do it. I never thought, ""Ugh, another one of these."" And there are enough of them that investing into your hacking skills definitely pays off.The futuristic urban environment is beautiful and fun to explore, with countless hidden treasures hidden in plain sight for you to discover. For example, say you walk down the street and notice a large fence. It's too high for you to jump. There's a dumpster nearby that the game says you can move but it's ""too heavy."" Then you upgrade your augmentations to either A) jump higher or B) lift heavier objects, and suddenly the fence can be traversed, and on the other side you discover a hidden shotgun or a new quest. The game is full of almost-accessible hallways and rooms that are waiting for you to get to if you're so inclined.The main quest is VERY engaging and left me wanting to run to the next objective as soon as I could as the story got deeper and deeper and more intricate. From Detroit to China, this story keeps you involved and wanting to figure out what the hell is going on and who or what is responsible.The inventory system also refuses to allow you to carry 20 guns and infinite ammo and health packs like other games so you need to plan and strategize appropriately. Decide what you use, what you don't, and what you need.My only real problems are the ""multiple choice"" quests don't seem to have any real effect on gameplay or story. Okay, so I can either accept this bribe from this criminal or turn him in to the police, but either choice doesn't really matter. Also the ""A, B, C"" option at the end of the main quest is very disappointing but I guess it had to end some way.But regardless, this game is fantastic and memorable. From every boss fight, to every side quest, to every weapon upgrade, to every sewer tunnel, to every office building. Immersive, exciting, engaging, and satisfying. If you enjoy stealth games, FPS games, and games with a little bit of RPG-flavor, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,238010,22793817,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Barbossa,One of the best games I have played on my xbox 360.Was definetily worth buying once more! :D
76561198071706844,Recommended,238010,22888734,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,mmg,"Essential action/stealth/RPG title, must own"
,Recommended,238010,22667970,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Hentai & Vaporwave,"After playing this game twice on my old Xbox and now starting a 3rd run on my new pc, it's totally worth it. I don't think I've ever played a game this much and loved it every single time. From the beautiful environments to the interesting story I can't recommend this game enough to anyone who wants to play seriously the best cyberpunk video game of the current gen. WIth a sequel coming cloer I'd say now is the best time to jump into the hurricane of hype."
76561198038492381,Recommended,238010,22667617,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,1nquisitor,"10/10I dont like stealth games but this is truly how they should be done, griping story line and characters. One of the few games ive happily played again."
76561198039357143,Recommended,238010,22683165,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,ItalianNacho,"Deus Ex: Human Revolution is a fantastic game.  From the story, to the gameplay, to the style, Deus Ex: Human Revolution is a more than worthy predecessor to the original Deus Ex game from 2000.  Whilst tis game is definitely more action-oriented than the former, there is still a ton of depth and character to found here, especially in today's age of releasing half-complete games.You play as  Adam Jensen, a security manager working for Sarif Industries.  The story is laced with cyberpunk themes and intrigue that will keep you playing for hours at a time.  The basic gunplay is satisfying and all the unique enhancements. or augmentations, add another layer to the combat.  Using Praxis points you can determine the way you want to play the game, whether it be stealthy, gun-ho, or somewhere in between.  This game wants to cater to whatever playing style fits you best, which makes playing the game that much more fun.  These RPG elements keep the game rewarding and fresh, especially if you go for a different play style on a second or third playthrough.  Out of all the augmenations, make sure you purchase the ""social enhancement"", as it will really help in the later encounters.This biggest problem I have with the game is the fact that there aren't any other good cyberpunk games quite like it.  When I finished playing through the game the first time (on my Xbox 360), I really searched high and low to find a game that would scratch that sci-fi itch.  Unfortunately, there really isn't anything, other than the original games of course, the hits the spot quite like Deus Ex does.  I suppose any of the Thief games would be adequate alternatives, but I digress.If you want a game that oozes style, provides dozens of hours of exciting espionage gameplay, a great story, characters, and setting; Deus Ex: Human Revolution has you covered.  I honestly cannot recommend this game enough, and I feel that anyone who considers themselves a fan of great storytelling and gameplay should play this game."
,Recommended,238010,22716786,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,FinnMcWinkle,Deus Ex: the Fall was a much better game than this sparkling trash
76561198035887700,Recommended,238010,22984565,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Dipilodorkus,Just finished my first playthrough. Great game and can't wait for the new one.
76561198094273910,Recommended,238010,20934131,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,JanN7is,The Definiton of Cyberpunk
76561198041091179,Recommended,238010,20902907,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Daivahataka,"Great game with strong RPG elements between the choice of augements (skills) when you level up and the choice of which weapons to upgrade with the rare find of a mod and even which weapons to bring into each mission.Make sure to poke around a lot as you'll both find money, additional augments, mods, weapons and also significant bits of information for the storyline."
76561197968902459,Recommended,238010,20918220,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,MrBlackDX,"It's a solid effort, and great game, but still doesn't capture the real heart of what made the original so good."
76561197977649322,Not Recommended,238010,14108453,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Echoic,"Bizarrely, this version of the game is more buggy and less polished than the original.  Makes you wonder what the developers cut, other than the bugfixing patches."
,Recommended,238010,20898486,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,GeneralGyarados,"Bought this game just to add my support to the devs. Had so much fun on the xbox version and when this went on sale I just couldn't resist!! Definitely worth the purchase, even at full price.With the Mass Effect franchise as my favourite serious, this is a refreshing look on a sci-fi genre with abundant choice."
76561197996393541,Recommended,238010,20846932,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,CHerSun,I played it a bit too late (2016). Graphic side is dated. Game is awesome. It's very similar to Mass Effect 3 (or vice versa). Definately worth the time.
,Recommended,238010,20838858,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Boneshaker,this game is amazing since the beginning at the end!
,Recommended,238010,15056954,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Tim,"Will you enjoy this game? Maybe.....I picked this up on a sale a few days ago, it was 4 euros and i heard good things about it, so i thought i give it a try.First of all this game took forever to download, if you have a slow internet connection you might want to consider downloading over night.A few months ago i tried this game at a friends house and played the tutorial part which i hated, I dont honestly know why wanted to try again.After the still horrible tutorial you could walk around Detroit which was way better than i thought, you could complete sidequests and find hidden treasures and if you listen to the citizens you might overhear some interresting conversations, like the location of the shop.This was pretty cool, because if you didnt wanted to explore you would probably never been to the shop which gives you loads of new equipment and most important of all ammunition.Completing the sidequests and mainquests in Detroit took some time and it was mostly boring stuff like walk from a to b to get another questgoal whicht also involves walk from b to c.After some time I could do some action, i was kind of underwhemled by the tutorial as i mentioned, so i thought this wont be better but i was mistaken, i could spent some skill points in my augmentations and focused on stealth play.In missions you encounter various locations and buildings and every new area is like a new puzzle that you have to find your way through, this is really satisfying.The Ki is not as dumb as i thought it will be and if you play on the hardest difficulty setting you can not afford to have a head on confrontation, because everybody takes a couple of hits unlike you.The room puzzles are really great. You can take the pieces out of the room when you either kill or stun an enemy until its empty or you can try to move past all the living pieces which is pretty awesome if you can make it.They made an effort to make every confrontation a little different and you have always more than one solution to the problem. This is really the meat of the game, if you think this is something for you this will be worth it.The Setting is great, it all looks and feels like dystopian sci fi. The story revolves around it but it doesnt manage to grab my attention.However there are some nasty things which you need to overlook if you want to enjoy yourself.The hacking minigame is♥♥♥♥♥♥ its not fun and its partly based on luck and there are like 3 or 4 categories in your skill tree which you can spent points in, the things which improve your hacking are useless, you can just save your game and try a couple of times until you make it. You only need to raise hacking for security levels and if you like to do some mayham you can put points in robot and turret, you will be able to use them against your enemys.The boss fights are annoying, especialy if you wanted to play stealthy, because the bosses force you to fight them head on and if you dont have enough explosives, the fight will last very long, however if you stockpiled rockets and grenades you run through them like breeze. This seems very unbalanced.So if you can look past those things maybe just maybe you will like it."
76561198000173113,Recommended,238010,15126446,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Sm00thie b0i,I never asked for this.
,Recommended,238010,15130002,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,sh3llc0de,
76561198141085871,Recommended,238010,17464983,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Lo ello,So far I am loving this game. It's really fun and has a good story.
76561198107979359,Recommended,238010,17476804,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,JohnWick Boogeyman,"This is a very satisfying game. Lasted me so long and i enjoyed all of it. tons of replayability as it has the choices impacts your future element. The Game feels like a survival game mixed with espionage, so i will go as far as to say its like MetalGear and REsident Evil 4/5 had a baby and this was born. Ive been playing on the hardest difficulty and i am forced out of fights and have to taken hidden routes which there are plenty of, this for me is why Deus Ex has given me such a unique feel of an offline game. the idea of cybernetic organisms and enhanced organic machines is really intruiging, however they did not show much variation in thier enemy AI. i think there are about 7 different types, but dont get me wrong, the game is well populated with enemies. the story is kind of cliche, as in i saw it coming. not much character developmeent.HIGHLY recomemnded a unique playing experience on its own. i rate 8.6/10"
,Recommended,238010,17499182,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Gravity,"Quick note: I have not played the original DE:HR so i'm not aware of the downgrades from that to the directors cut.This game is a masterpiece; A product of amazing imagination, creativity and hard work. It has an amazing story, and amazing executions if i may add. The boss battles really suck though. And there are quite a few bugs. But overall the experience of playing the game is one you won't forget. It's so memorable. And Jensen is a total badass. He has amazing abilities supplied by his augments, and his conversational skills are amazing (Or awful depending on how you choose to play) Oh, and speaking of choices, THIS GAME HAS SO MUCH VARIETY WITH HOW YOU PLAY. Everything can be done better, worse, or just differently. And cooler. Pick this up if you can. 9/10"
,Recommended,238010,17440347,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Wiggly Wang,"""I like everyone, Dr. Reed.""proceeds to push in the♥♥♥♥♥♥of every living and non-living thing ever"
,Recommended,238010,17441445,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,imacookie🍪[眠い],"Rich in story, minor quest bugs, small open world (per location), running and gunning is abysmal (like irl). Overall Great game; creates a bridge between a RPG and a FPS/TPS."
,Recommended,238010,17431906,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Swagwise Gamgee,"One of the best games I have ever played, and the improvements made to this version make it even better!"
,Recommended,238010,17539427,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Chicken Nugger,"You know I thought this game was fantastic the first time around but this one is perfection, untill you listen to the commentary and hear that half the game was cut. I still like the game but man every other commentary was something that got cut and it sounded really really good too. I felt sorry for them becuase they sounded really enthusiastic about it. Skip the commentary if you dont wont your experience to be lessen."
76561198096039182,Recommended,238010,17539907,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,YEAH,"I love Deus Ex: Human Revolution, but I do prefer the older version to this one. The older version looks better, runs better, and has fewer glitches/bugs. However, this is the only purchasable version on Steam and since most problems can get fixed with some tinkering, it is a good purchase. The game is great even though this version is meh and you should play this game. P.S. look for some fixes before purchasing. There are some guides on the matter on Steam."
,Recommended,238010,16836625,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,STOP RUINING MY GAMES,"PRO-Amazing RPG experience, if you are want to play a FPS whit touch  of RPG this is the perfect game for you, the combat is challenging in the hardest difficulty and rewards the player, still you will gain more EXP for being a good guy and put your enemies to sleep one by one, the stealth system is very well implemented and you can complete 99% of the game whitout killing or atacking anyone.CON-The bad thing this game has, is the Character development, the history focus to much on Adam and hes quest, and other characters dont get into the spotlight, the world is big but you cant call it a open world experience, since its linear and 90% of the Npcs dont serve any purpose.Still is a good game and a must buy for anyone that likes the setting.9.5/10"
,Recommended,238010,16819797,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,the funkle,wayne haas did nothing wrong
,Recommended,238010,22044803,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,cavcrow,"Definitely the best game I have ever played by far. The story line draws you in, and it feels like you are truly in the world this game creates. This game feels like a book with the in-depth characters and amazing storyline. Yet it also feels like an action movie with the missions that get your heart racing when you're sneaking up behind an enemy to make knock him out, but if you don't go fast enough he'll turn around and see you. But if you go too fast he'll hear you and you'll alert the guards.Amazing game. People say the boss fights suck, but the Director's Cut fixes a lot of the old problems. Masterpiece."
76561198203259791,Recommended,238010,18972276,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,CyborgNinja,This Game is AMAZING realll yenjoyed have fun playing it if you plan on Getting it fun game and one more thing GET THIS GAME:)
,Recommended,238010,22037931,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,agentf,"tl:dr - A very nice cyberpunk RPG. Deus Ex fans and newcomers alike will love this game.----------Human Revolution is the third installment of the Deus Ex franchise, after the critically acclaimed Original game and the less-than-successful Invisible War.This game...... is a masterpiece. Totally worthy of the name Deus Ex.It brings back most of what makes the original game considered one of the best games of all time, and improves a lot of aspects of the original game. While this game is part of a franchise and a prequel to the previous Deus Ex titles, newcomers will also enjoy the gameplay offered by Human Revolution.I will make two reviews and comparisons of this game, as its own game and as a Deus Ex title.As a standalone game, this game offers a very interesting gameplay for story-driven RPG or stealth steampunk fans. The main attraction of this game (as of the Deus Ex franchise) is the open-ended levels and lots of possibilities to complete missions.You're the merciful type ? You can finish the game without killing a single person.You're the pray and spray type ? Deadly arsenal waiting for you to explode the enemies and rain bullets upon them.You're the hacking type ? Hack that turret and let the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s feel a taste of their own medicine, without them knowing you're there.You're the silent killer type ? A lot of long-range silenced weapons and rooftop spots are available for you to pick them heads off.In general, the goods and the bads of this game can be summarised as the following:Pros- Immersive and engaging gameplay- The game world is really beautiful- Excellent level designs- A large variety of weapons, tools, and skills- A LOT of ways to accomplish a goal- And a lot to fail it too, which gives a challenge- Good voice acting- A rather good story, compared to games of similar theme- Offers a lot of content for its price- Faridah MalikNeutral- While the game offers a huge amount of possibilities and styles to play, the game is not open world and somehow linear and level-based. Probably suits the story better but this game has the potential to be a very interesting open world gameCons- Some missions can be too hard, especially the stealth ones- Some missions are too easy or trivial- No game is bug/glitch-free. This game is no exception- Kind of heavy to run for a 2013 game- Some weapons and skills are less useful than the others- I personally found the hacking mini-game to be tedious- I personally hate the Missing Link missionsMy score: 8.5/10As a Deus Ex title, this game surely lived up to its hype and expectations. It really brings back the Deus Ex feels of the original game. The goods and the bads of this game can be summarised as the following:Pros- A very much better voice acting (god, JC was awful. A BOMB !?)- Personally, i think this one has a better story- Characters have deeper personalities and feel more alive- This game keeps some of the OST of the original game as radio or speaker songs. Nostalgia bonanza- Lots of improved shooting and movement mechanics- Very much better enemy AI (duh, if the AI doesnt get better then this is a certain failure)- As the result of the better AI, stealth is more challenging- Do you remember how you can finish main quests of the new york missions in the original game using multiple routes and playing styles ? Triple the possibilities, make them more varied and interesting, you get this game- (is this a spoiler ?) Tracer Tong reference- Faridah MalikNeutral- A completely different skill/augmentation system. It certainly suits the game better, but it removes what makes the original system interesting- More realistic inventory system. Personally, i think such realism is unnecessary and inconvenient, but it brings more challenge and immersionCons- Not much innovation or new things from the previous titles- Main storyline is shorter than the original game- Maps are not as varied as the original game, although still interesting enough- I personally hate the Missing Link missionsMy Score: 9/10Adam Jensen x Faridah Malik OTP"
,Recommended,238010,22010587,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Webby,Deus ex is a pretty good game.  The campaign is long around 30 hours which is a lot of gameplay for the €4.99 I payed on sale. My advice is to make sure to get the typhoon upgrade early on as it is a must against boss fights it makes short work of them. I played it with the steam controller (first game) and it played pretty nice I have to admit.
,Recommended,238010,22056195,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Cory in the House,"(Copied from my review of the original version)This game is amazing. It has hours and hours of fun stored in it, that is, if you play the game the way it's meant to be played which is explore for secrets and do all the sidequests. Exploring is such a fun thing to do in this game, especially that happy feeling you get when you stumble upon something really good. There are a lot of choices for the augmentations or ""perks"", however a lot of them tend to be a bit less useful than others. The music in this game is really good. The storyline is overly engaging. Graphics are great. And the choices you make are so awesome. You could play as a stealthy guy, or you could play as a guy that just kills everything. It's up to you."
76561198115995102,Recommended,238010,22056263,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,GODZILLA™,Very nice Game!
76561198130476054,Recommended,238010,22093643,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,mmcclure79,Freaking Love this game...
76561198040177092,Recommended,238010,22091607,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,1nf1nltyyy...,"There are few games that can integrate a distinctive, unique, and game defining atmosphere.  I would go as far to say that Deus Ex: Human Revolution is the most atmospheric game created thus far.  You can feel it overcoming you when you watch the first cutscene of the game.  The plot and narrative are very strong and engaging with branching paths.  The gameplay is good, but those of you excpecting to have a Call of Duty experience will be disappointed.  The stealth gameplay takes center stage.  This game allows for almost endless possibilities to complete an objective,  it features some of the best level design I have ever experienced.  Think of any plausible solution to an objective and it is probably scripted in the game.  Player choice is strongly supported in this game and it increases its replay value exponentially.  I purchased this game in 2011 and am still finding alternate paths to my objectives.  However, character models are low-res and lip sync is abysmal, which inhibits suspension of disbelief and serves to break immersion.  And a boss battles force you to play a certain way, luckily there are only three of these.  Make no mistake this is superbly crafted game which should have a place in all libraries.  However, just a few design flaws hold the game back from being a masterpeice.9/10 -  A game that creates its own unique atmosphere and provides a well written complex narrative, with solid stealth gameplay."
76561198164782953,Recommended,238010,18562835,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,lilspideykid,"This is definitely on my list of favorite games or at the very least games that were absolutely enjoyable experiences. I originally played the non director's cut version on the Xbox 360, but I loved it so much I've decided to buy this director's cut on Steam and play it again. Even though I already know most of the story and a lot of tactics on how to get through the different levels, I'm still enjoying it and am satisfied by the graphical jump from console to PC. I'm not a stealth game fanatic and I know that there are other more classic stealth games out there that are considered more pure and strategic, but Human Revolution is my favorite game incorporating the stealth genre. I would reccomend this to anyone who likes games with a strong story that provides player choices. If you've played Deus Ex: Human Revolution before, I would still reccomend buying it so that you can experience the reworked boss battles and missing link DLC (if you don't already have it)."
,Recommended,238010,22038626,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Ice Cold Ice Cube,"So, I had done a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥review of this game before, in which I do not know why.This game has given me so much enjoyment! During my 25 years, in life, and my 20 years of video gaming, this is the pinnacle of it all, right here. This is my favorite game of all time, toppling metal gear solid (snake eater & the first solid game) for me, which are in no-way comparable. But it's a video game series that I hold very dear.This game, is so damn good, it's ludacris. It has it's flaws, but they are so very easy to overlook, due to the versatility the game offers you. The director's cut changed the game completely, fixing those things that were too punishing with the boss battles. I am on my 10'th playthrough of this game, and I am not getting any less enjoyment from it.Why? Every time there's something new! I discover something new! And it never stops. Top notch stealth mechanics, combat mechanics. Immersion is amazing and the plot, oh my god, the damn plot. The character development that goes on through the game is amazing.I don't want to spoil anything, but I will say, if you like stealth and crazy fine polished games, please, do not overlook this game."
76561198101214932,Recommended,238010,22068722,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Gabriel_Crow,A good FPS with costom class perks a great shooter action adventure with heavy idea elements to think on. The genres would be greatly improved with more games like this one!
,Recommended,238010,22018668,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Spirtikus,Loved it!
76561198191000991,Recommended,238010,22018994,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Daniel,Very engaging gameplay. I am hoping to play this again sometime in future.
76561198039191582,Not Recommended,238010,22018292,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Thanatoso,Dont get me wrong tthis game is amazing but has a high rate of not even starting from the steam page so unless you have a older pc that can handle it dont waste your money.
76561198160081612,Recommended,238010,22207097,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Beercules,been a fan of the franchise for a long time and decided to pick this one up. great game and would reccomend picking it up along with the others
76561198118838168,Recommended,238010,20739323,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,drewdog999999,This game was well and I mean well beyond its years when then did it. Honestly its one I have enjoyed many time on multiple systems
,Recommended,238010,30745969,Posted: 26 March,all,Saints_V,"I never asked for this...Wait, I did."
,Recommended,238010,25927934,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Kyle,"Deus Ex: Human Revolution is an amazing RPG which should be played by everyone. Its story is fantastic, the areas and very good and it's cheap!It also will take about 25 hours to beat if you do everything (I didn't) but I will still go through multiple playthroughs."
,Recommended,238010,26171041,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Dare4ce,"Wonderful game, finished it once and decided to take a break mid second playthrough. Graphics are amazing (even on my potato laptop). No matter what your style of playing is you can do it, you want to go guns bazin', or stealth assassin this is the game for you. The best RPG FPS Sci-Fi combination I have played so far."
76561198064852407,Recommended,238010,26198839,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,pt_kamen,"This is a classic game, and you should give it a go. The real value of the game is in the setting, and the action plays well with this. Some game offer a good setting but then the action and story only glance it. In this one the story and actions are influenced heavily by the heavy cyberpunk world and shady dealing that are going on. Some side missions, some main mission objectives, some random talk on the radio, it’s all connected.So generally the bosses aren’t anything to write home about, but with that as an exception, this game is a gem. The missing link story added in this version of the game is sort of a mess. While in the base game you might be curious by the missing time where the previously DLC mission took place, it’s not really important and it doesn’t have the same feel or pace and the base game. But it has some good tie-ins and again, a great deal of info and backstory of what is happening in the background and what the final boss fight in the base game is all about."
,Recommended,238010,26211141,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Chance,"This game has questions, gameplay, and execution. Well done, wasn't really expecting much but came out pleasantly suprised. I will say this, ♥♥♥♥ the DLC immediately you can tell its done by interns, has boring level design and poor story. Everything about the DLC can go ♥♥♥♥ itself, it almost made me not complete the game because its 'SEAMLESSLY INTEGRATED' which is the biggest lie. you can tell you've entered the DLC the moment you go, What the ♥♥♥♥ happened to me? HOW IM ADAM JENSEN THIS IS SOME UNREASONABLE♥♥♥♥♥♥ then you muddle through boring cooridors and shit♥♥♥♥goddamnt auto save every corner of the way because of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t mechanics and level design. The backtracking in the original game is fun and choose youur own adventure, in the DLC its the same ♥♥♥♥ing back and forth fetch quest i'd expect from some god damn hippy indie who made his game at a starbucks.Buy and play, and then appreciate the difference between quality game and♥♥♥♥♥♥game all in one experience. Bravo Deus Ex"
,Recommended,238010,25871981,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Myrault's Hinder-Gast,Great game 10/10. Completely blows my mind.
,Recommended,238010,25858714,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,TheCaptainCometh,Great Game 10/10
,Recommended,238010,25779891,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Haswell02 | CS.Money,Good Story and Great Gameplay.
,Recommended,238010,25730724,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Windwraith,Played 33mins on a potato.10/10 would make french fries again.
76561197985615975,Recommended,238010,25900091,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,maunz,Good Game!
76561198004014060,Recommended,238010,25900829,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,DefiantPanda,"Started off great... Love the hacking, love the idea of non-lethal combat... Seemed like a great story. But after a while I found myself wishing this would just end. For me, I think it was just a little bit too long. Still a fantastic game though. Perhaps if I had played it without trying for the pacifist achievement I might have enjoy it more."
76561198271496821,Recommended,238010,25905705,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Shierdy,"I highly recommend this game!!! The pacing of the story is great, gameplay does not dissapoint and upon watching the extra features particularly the making of the game made me realize the enormous effort the developers put into creating something that truly entertains and provide hours of fun and excitement.I've played the Deus EX - original version when it first came out and this version of the series adapts and innovates from the root of the original version.The developers rock! Keep it up!"
,Recommended,238010,25630940,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,2-D,"Brilliant game, I recommend you play it non lethally, especially pacifist since theres more challenge and satisfaction involved."
76561198306471756,Recommended,238010,26196721,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,wolf.larson,Played through this game countless times. One if the best Steampunk games ever with so many themes interlaced in the storyline that are relevant to the biomedical industry today.
76561197988298689,Recommended,238010,26225398,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Patty Shack,this was an amazing game with a great story the only problem I had with was how long it took those freaking biometric data checkpoints to let mr through
76561198085091226,Recommended,238010,21900824,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,fLiPPsTeR,"One of the best games exploring the concept of transhumanism and the moral, ethical and philosophical questions surrounding it. Should humans turn their backs on nature and embrace technology as the only means in advancing mankind? Should people with power and money be allowed to become something more than human, giving them a huge range of abilities that can be used to dominate the less fortunate? Is corporate interest more important than the interests of society?Deus Ex Human Revolution is a true gem. Great story and scenario, fun gameplay, remarkable soundtrack and nice graphics. If you love cyberpunk, dystopian future stories mixed with philosophy, do not hesitate to buy it.10/10"
76561198011023581,Recommended,238010,26317431,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,mangoLEMONADE,"I thought this game was going to be cheesy as hell. Boy I was wrong!!- Great Blade Runner-ish environment with tip top soundtrack.- Even though it is not an open world game by any means, it does offer you a great load of gameplay choices, between 'shoot everything' to 'lets not shoot anything at all', with several route options you have to discover yourself (a hint of Hitman, perhaps).- Level design was noticeably taken very seriously (and with great success I would say. Kudos to the team for that!).- Animations and object detail, all top notch.- It does not reinvent any genre I should say, however it's always a pleasure to go though something that was as brilliantly executed as this one.The only thing missing in my opinion is HDR, which is very clearly absent, and I'm sure it would add leaps of immersion specially in a game with such a noir universe as this one.All things added, I highly recommend it for its story and ability to immerse you in this captivating sci-fi universe.As enjoyable as watching a good movie within this genre. A movie with 30plus hours of duration... :)"
76561198052942994,Recommended,238010,25177997,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,CPT SCORCH,"Rich story and game play, Graphics pretty good for it's time. Have finished it on PS3 and thought i'd play it again on PC. Recommend it to anyone who enjoys FPS with a deep story."
76561198008778914,Recommended,238010,25184800,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Ser Kezian,Completed this just in time for Mankind Divided. Fantastic game with multiple ways to get through each area and the choice whether to run and gun or Splinter cell the areas (I chose to Splinter Cell them lol.)I recommend this game and think everyone should grab it :).
,Recommended,238010,25185066,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Dekker,Enjoyed what I've played of it so far. It's still a really pretty game and the story is reminiscent of blade runner (if it was made by Manga Entertainment in 1990)
76561198190090665,Recommended,238010,19975282,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,tedjcolby,Thrilling game with great dialogue/choice options. Stealth and combat both satisfying. Excellent story.Wish that you could make use of your cybernetic arm-swords though! Looking forward to Humanity Divided.
76561198043428766,Recommended,238010,19972849,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Fury Peter,Best Deus Ex to date and one of my favorite games of all time. After the first playthrough it is a bit too easy but still worth playing again imo.
,Recommended,238010,19977808,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,BOSS_Balls,Amazing Game.  Very unique.  Good story.  Keeps you occupied from beginning to end.  Very fun.  Combines the first person and third person aspects very well.I would recommend playing with a trainer and unlocking all augments from the beginning however.
76561198084084762,Recommended,238010,19981533,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,kashin02,Fantastic!
,Recommended,238010,20018768,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,PeterNewhouse,You will buy this no matter what I say because your parents don't love you.It will take the pain away for a while 8/10
76561198094936576,Recommended,238010,20024136,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Cyborg Kaleb,Dude Cyborg Stuff
,Recommended,238010,20073834,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,ΔCAPTAINΔDELTAΔ,illuminati confirmed
76561198045403026,Recommended,238010,20010996,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Sanastus,"You play robo cop in a rpg, if robo cop had his voiced mixed with Christian Bale's Batman. Deus Ex had a drawn out story but was solid writing all the way through. Plenty of times I thought I was finished the game when it would throw me right back into something else. Parts of the story could have been removed as they felt more as filler. Overall the game was about 23 hours long and they could have made it into 20 and still had a impressive story.Gameplay offered the choice of guns blazing or merciful saint, I often found myself trying not to spill blood...which ended in me unloading a hail of gunfire.When playing Deus Ex I would highly recommend using a keyboard rather then a game pad. The controls on the gamepad felt clunky and unorganized compared to the keyboard.Story: 9 / 10Gameplay: 9 / 10Visual/Audio: 8 / 10Entertainment: 8 /10Controls: 7 / 10Final Grade: BReplay Value: Medium"
76561198033328100,Recommended,238010,20067728,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Dr.wily,what is the definition of human being?
76561197969560466,Recommended,238010,19893365,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Fishstick,"I orginally played Deus Ex: Human Revoultion on the XBOX 360. I have to say, the PC experienc is far more enjoyable. I bought this during the Fall 2015 Steam Sale and installed it a week ago. It's curerntly my number one game and I keep consistently returning to it.Deus Ex: Human Revolution allows you a lot of flexibility in how you complete missions, allowing you to complete the game as a pacifist (sans some unskippable boss fights). I highly recommend the game and can't wait for Mankind Divided."
,Recommended,238010,20097731,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Malone,"One of the best single player games of all time, buy it!"
76561197970512186,Recommended,238010,20053174,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Unsinkable2,"Deus Ex is one of my favourite stealth games and really rewards the player for trying different ways of solving a level.  Of course, you can run and gun as well, but that's not as much fun, IMHO.   There's a great over-arching story that is nicely developed to a believable conclusion.   The graphics are still crisp and enjoyable and there are some great set pieces.Pros:Good graphicsEngaging StoryFun puzzlesStealth mode!Cons:Cut scenes look grainyCan get repetitive on later levels"
76561197961437489,Recommended,238010,20106722,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Bjoinglo,"As a fan of Stealth games and with a newly found love for pacifist completioni'd recommend this strongly!There are always multiple paths and ways to complete all the main quests includingall the sidequests.Tip for everyone:Cloaking isnt needed until like after 25 points in. (assuming you complete the sidequests.)Prioritize increased jump height, heavy lifting and wall breaking and after that put everythingin Hacking stealth and levels.9/10"
,Recommended,238010,20637816,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Dharuk,"I have never been more captivated by a game. The story in engaging, the game play mechanics are fluid, and the graphics are downright sexy. Every choice you make, down to the very first one, affect the way the game unfolds, and the tactics you are forced to use. 10/10 Would stab a random pedestrian again in the face with a katana hidden in my forearm."
76561198022764568,Recommended,238010,25560298,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,j_torres197,"This game remains as memorable as the first time i played it back when it came out in 2011. The Director's Cut improves upon the memorable moments you first experienced back then in the original version of the game. With improved boss fights, implemented story dlc (Missing Link), and new ways to complete your game, this version is the definitive version of Deus Ex: Human Revolution.P.S- As much as i liked Deus Ex: Mankind Divided, Human Revolution (preferably Director's Cut) is by far a better game than its sequel."
,Recommended,238010,25513693,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,OG-Frappuccino,"Hell of a game highly recommend it to stealth fans, has a bit of MGS in it when it comes to the story telling. will keep you guessing solid gameplay once you get used to itThe bad: Don't get me wrong this game is beautiful when played on ultra settings however, the facial expressions are some of the worst even by ps3 game standards voice is good but the animations are just not up there. still a very polished gamehighly recommend this to any stealth/rpg fan."
,Recommended,238010,21685007,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Assassin_Link_,"Like it, the game is best for noobs"
76561198027035849,Recommended,238010,21679293,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Dartley,"Really gug the game, they certainly didn't let me down with either gameplay or story."
76561198072872199,Recommended,238010,21667835,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,mala,-movement kinematics-useless time spedings on different missions+mush better than HF
76561198051260422,Recommended,238010,21673017,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,TIMOTRON,WELL SINCE I START PLAYING I FORGOT THAT I NEED TO EAT CANT WAIT FOR A NEW ONE
76561198064558759,Recommended,238010,21678865,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Kirito,The game is amazing enough for me to ask for Mankind Divided.
76561197980720373,Recommended,238010,21574440,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Stefan,Great game with a great replayability !! :D
,Recommended,238010,21631469,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Neru,Perfect.
,Recommended,238010,21597873,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Cracknugget,"The amount of depth in this game is pretty ridiculous.Excellent approach how you please combat, awesome abilities, and a poignant story, and absolutely fantastic setting (Detroit and Hong-Kong).The only Con I can think of is that Boss battles are failry linear and unnecessary (they completely throw out the whole 'approach how you please' motto, and instead just rely on your combat prowess.Like Dishonored, you can go through the game non-lethal (with the exception of those stupid boss fights)."
,Recommended,238010,21698959,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,^_^,"It is verry good, realistic, and ahas a nice ending."
,Recommended,238010,21579057,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Ghost of the Bastard Man,I always asked for this
76561198020786350,Not Recommended,238010,21532447,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Roguecj,"There is audio lag when you shoot the assault rifle, I have tried every fix, there is none and the games not getting patched.There also is a bug when zooming in its choppy, its fixable but it shouldn't be in the game in the first place, did anyone play test this at all."
76561197999610938,Recommended,238010,21531948,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Slippytrippy,"Beeaaaauuutifull graphics (at least in cinematics) when combined with the brilliant color scheme and concept/ design of future metropolis' and ghettos. Gameplay leaves something to be desired, especially since you are a half cyborg than is unable to melee except for a 5 second cinematic that you trigger using 1 of your 3 battery levels.The whole story though..... wow. The transhuman conflict depicted in this series almost ALREADY parrelels our culture today. I mean, as a 23 year old without health insurance, how do I feel about others around me who are better off and can afford performance enhancing drugs like adderal, ritalin, vicodin, or xanax? All of these drugs artificially affect us... whether it be for bettering ourselves or just letting loose."
,Recommended,238010,21534284,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,smart,"Deus Ex: HR offers you a great atmosfer from beginning to end.  It supplies atmosfer with intriguing story of fiction for a stealth oriented game which always make players wonder about how things going in deus ex world. In addition, freestyle of gameplay is the main weapon of game. You can kill every enemy among missions by brute force, or leave them alive by completing missions with stealth style in which you can use ventilation spaces or invisibility. There are always three or more different ways to complete missions. Almost each weapon can be uniquely upgraded such as armor piercing for pistol, cooling system for heavy rifle as well as you can upgrade them with damage, reload speed, clip size etc.In addition to these, plot itself is very strong point in the game. Conflict between technology and humanity, multinational cooperations, moral values, secret goverment operations, warfare, illuminati, politics, nanotechnology fill game with 30 hours gameplay.If you are someone loving open world, stealth, cyber-punk theme, games with story oriented presentation, this game must not be missed."
76561198272216142,Recommended,238010,30716192,Posted: 24 March,all,ImNotYourBroom,"When the first Deus Ex was released, it was heralded as one of the greatest games ever. After Invisible War fell short of expectations, the franchise was put on hiatus and ion storm eventually died out. After Eidos was swallowed by the Square Enix juggernaut and a reboot was announced, nobody expected it to live up to the original. That all changed when the cinematic trailer was released, several people changed their minds and to this day no trailer has ever surpassed it.The game itself lives up to the Deus Ex name easily. The original had great atmosphere and complex mechanics, but you can't get away from the fact that the gameplay was quite clunky and buggy. Human Revolution kept most (but not all) of the RPG elements, but the gameplay far and away surpasses the original. Of course the number of options you had to customise JC in the original were far more extensive but Human Revolution doesn't seem dumbed down - just streamlined a bit. The game now has a cover system, which may put some people off but to me it's very welcome and in no way a bad thing. Just like the original, this game has impeccable level design with open-ended, numerous ways to tackle objectives. I also didn't see a single bug, so that's always a bonus. Overall the gameplay is great and I see no problems with the updated mechanics.The presentation is ridiculously good. The weak point of the original Deus Ex was its graphics, which are sub-par even for a 2000 game. Well Human Revolution has no problems in the graphics department. The detailed textures and flamboyant art style have a great atmosphere, despite what people may say about the weird yellow tint in most of the environments. The voice acting is really the best you're likely to hear, and Elias Toufexis's performance as Adam Jensen is astonishing. The distinctive voice that made him sound like he gargles with concrete every morning made him a really memorable character and the Clint Eastwood personality comes across really well. But the unsung star of this game is Michael McCann, the soundtrack composer. I know most people think that the soundtrack to the original Deus Ex was unsurpassable, but I disagree. I think that this game has the best soundtrack of any game ever. Most people will disagree, but I really think that without such a great soundtrack, the atmosphere would not have been so palpable. Also, the Icarus theme is the best song ever composed for a game.The story can be difficult to follow at times, but it's still engaging and if you spend enough time thinking about it, everything will be clear to you. The writers did a good job tying this in with the original and you'll hear a lot of names like Joseph Manderley or Versalife. Overall I think this is a great return to form after Invisible War and a worthy entry to the sequel. I'm just glad Mankind Divided didn't go too overboard on the yellow the tinting again."
76561198083351443,Recommended,238010,21514466,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Zerunuik,"This is the best action-stealth game that I've ever played. The story, the gameplay, the music, the graphics. . . .they are all perfect!!!"
76561198035730028,Recommended,238010,21516136,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,sleepyb1,"I love this game! The updates to the boss fights come so close to making me happy. If only you could win the game without anyone dying....but that would challenge the story editor and make the storyline for that path quite different. If you're a game designer...make more with great action but where it's possible to play a sneaky and awesome storyline. I'll be here, waiting to buy it."
,Recommended,238010,21693394,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Fatty,"By far the best of the franchise. Runs smoothly for PC. Solid graphics, good storyline. Appropriate and adjustable difficulty levels. You are free to be a silent kill-no-one kinda guy (except boss fights, mostly have to kill them) or you can just be a straight up wrecking ball and kill everyone in site. Good solid game."
,Recommended,238010,14659379,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Finlay,You can go into the bathroom and take a♥♥♥♥♥♥10/10
,Recommended,238010,21738967,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Duke Lucky,"absolutley amazing story, great stealth gameplay, and hours of little secrets with tons of side missions, it got a 91 on metacritic, you should buy it!"
,Recommended,238010,21743614,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Matthew,"Holy god this game is good!The gameplay is great. You are given almost unlimited options on how to complete a stage. You can hack, shoot, stealth, explore and slash! The world is your oyster. Which the world in this game is pretty good to. Graphically the game is quite nice, although, it is way to bright even on the darkest setting. Which is annoying because in the cutscenes it goes to being dark and filled with contrasting shadows, then when it comes out it is bright and washed out.Overall it is a good game. Worth your money!"
,Recommended,238010,21698693,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,RF_XIII,i like the game
,Recommended,238010,21733035,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Reign Inverse,Excellent
76561197966040527,Recommended,238010,21142491,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,bdbElysian,Absolutely brilliant game.  Jensen seems weak but the stealth makes up for it very nicely.  This limits game play but the duck and cover system is so good playing stealth primarily is very satisfying.The subject matter is intensely riveting and the characters are enjoyable.  Money well spent on a single playthrough along and re-playability is very good.  Now that I know the strengths and weaknesses I'll have to play it at least once more before delving into Mankind Divided.The subject matter is such a strong point to me I'm really hoping there is a novel or two build on it.
76561198190609615,Recommended,238010,21146179,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,shay.blum.1,"first game i reached 100% acheivements!this is a great game from the cyberpunk genre, in fact it's so great that even though i played it once when it was released a few years ago i still bought it (at a redicoulous price) on sale to play it again.game graphics (relevant to year of release) - 9/10graphic details - 7/10 - guns and the main character have great detailing, world characters and the environment might have been brushed quickly, but still look great with overall graphicsflow on high end PC - 10/10 - got great performnace on a high end 2015 PC, graphics and details maxed and still reached max 144FPSbuginess - 10/10 - no issues found in gameplay, no glitches, great programing!story - 8/10 - interesting story and easily pulls u in, especially if u're a fan of the genredifficulty - low - honestly this game shouldn't be played at lowest difficulty settings, at highest settings without shooting a soul (which was required for acheivs') i found it mildly chalanging.acheivs' - 100% acheivements is possible in 1 playthrough (with a few save/load and replay of a few minutes during the game)overall score - 8.8/10!i highly recommend this game!"
76561198025088292,Recommended,238010,21145430,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,dinotang,"When I launched the Mac OS X version on the late 2014 Mac mini ( 16GB RAM ) runing 10.11.3, it faikled with an error saying there were problems with Direct 3D.  I hope the developer will fix this somehow."
76561198059183617,Recommended,238010,22328830,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,єxєos,"I don't think I've ever played a Single Player Offline campaign as often as I did in this game (Only Witcher 3). Got ~200 hours combined with the original version (not this Directors Cut).I had so much fun in every playthrough even though I already knew every exact interaction and sometimes even dialogue, yet I loved it every single time. Already pre-ordered Mankind Divided, hopefully it can live up to the hype that built up since HR came out.BUT!This is only the case for the original game though which had The Missing Link as an extra DLC. The Director's Cut is sadly not as good."
,Recommended,238010,23253005,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Celibatarian,Best game of my life
,Recommended,238010,20204615,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,N_O_O_B_I_E,good game
,Recommended,238010,20193310,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,IssacFunny,"In this prequel of Deux Ex. This is a game is great, gameplay it's a shooter, although you can get new abilities as you upgrade yourself it also has mutiple ways of getting out of problems shoot your way out or find a better solution anyhow, in story, it make you wanna keep playing after a while, either way, great game."
76561198060543947,Recommended,238010,20248090,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,graver,"Very interesting, has a big variety of playing styles you choose - you can end this game without any shoot or killed badass. The only problem was one of the first missions - Motherly Ties, i think, because, i can't finish that quest, after all speaking in the end, where i need to bring back the bracelet, both characters just freeze and don't do anything, and the speaking panel was without any words in it.  I recommend to buy this game."
,Recommended,238010,20223907,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,fandrfa,Beautiful game.
76561198039016318,Not Recommended,238010,20271229,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,schwereigen,The bossfights are annoying. I remember the original Deus Ex game to be one of the best of its time. This one isn´t.
76561198002517129,Recommended,238010,20072765,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Ninja_Se7eN,"Background:I've never played a Deus Ex game before but I really enjoy RPGs and have played Elder Scrolls, Final Fantasy, Knights of the Old Republic, among others.Intro:Deus Ex: Human Revolution gives us a perspective on a potential future for mankind where human enhancements called augments divide humanity into haves and have nots.What I liked:- A compelling story that kept me going until the end!- Tough choices to make, albeit these can be a bit rare throughout the game (it's no Dragon Age).- The game truly encourages you to think outside of the box with the choices. More often then not you can find a better alternative for the choices the game presents you.- Arguments and conversations throughout the game are not made for the player to win. You have to be careful with what you say.What I didn't like:- Towards the end of the game you'll get a non optional reset of all the ability points (called praxis points) you got meaning you're back to square one and have to earn almost everything back. This is highly discouraging to continue to play the game but please don't quit. At the end of that section you'll get everything back but it still feels like the game is punishing the player unnecessarily.- Very minor graphical glitches.Conclusion:In my humble opinion Deus Ex: Human Revolution has exactly what every RPG should have and should be played by any fan of the genre.It's a game that doesn't disappoint and kept me wanting for more!The issues I had with this game are truly minor compared to everything this game does right!"
76561198053226009,Recommended,238010,20206823,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Tugg Speedman,So deep
76561198108107409,Recommended,238010,20210304,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Hathway,"Enjoyable, but a linear storyline. I tend to get bored after a while with linear storylines."
76561198023027355,Recommended,238010,27408124,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Price2411,I did ask for this and it's ♥♥♥♥ing amazing. Don't waste your time reading my review and play it!
,Recommended,238010,27408225,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,b_d,"This game is just epic. Completed it five times now and I'm quite sure I'll do so a sixth time aswell.Although it's some years old now, it's still one of (if not) the best game of this genre."
,Recommended,238010,27406960,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Troffel,Deus Ex: HR is life. Deus Ex: HR is love.Although my hours played doesn't reflect this (steam offline) I've finished DX:HR about 4 times already. My body still ain't ready. This game should be preserved for future generations. A must play.
,Recommended,238010,27406159,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,ceoadlw,A must play for stealth game lovers. The open boss fights were a let down. Would've loved stealthy boss fights a lot!Other than that it's a really good game!
,Recommended,238010,26828846,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Overlord Ea,"Played the game on hardest from start to finish, got 80% achievements on my first playthrough, missed a few because of bad decisions, but enjoyed it all from start to finish, and would make another playthrough or two until I get 100% complete.Good graphicsGood gameplayGood performanceSensible achievementsInteresting storyWell codedGood soundBlew my mind, and I blew up a building in game. Twice.10/10 Would terrorist again."
76561198027152902,Recommended,238010,26772414,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Tsupereme,Parasta :D
,Recommended,238010,26821795,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Brian,"One of my all time favorites, this game is endlessly replayable. I come back to it often and try to find new ways of completing missions.It's a great stealth game."
,Recommended,238010,26517019,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,KingWaffles101,"A beautiful game, a little too much orange and night time though."
76561198260690588,Recommended,238010,26513850,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,󠀡RadicalꝐsychosis,"This game was awesome. Although you might feel that it might be a little bit old,well cause it is. The plot is engaging and tbh in order to get what's happening in the game you gotta play it multiple times and/or play the previous Deus Ex titles.Overall I'm gonna say it totally worthed its value"
,Recommended,238010,26974044,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,SpookyJim,i once skipped a boss fight by talking to the guy. he seemed pretty cool.
76561198197732650,Recommended,238010,18404091,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,The Holy Duck,It's fun... but it can be confusing.
76561198109615784,Recommended,238010,20135824,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Void,"-Large, emersive, quality story-variety of choices that each have their own consequences-characters developed well and help strengthen the immersion-gameplay fun, unique, and grows on youOne of the best sc-fi games I have every played.10/10"
,Recommended,238010,20176748,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Zeronort,Cyberpunk game and fps game with nice story i recommend this game
,Recommended,238010,30898891,Posted: 2 April,all,Gorib Chele,"Don't judge by the number of hours I have played this game, I finished it 2 times when I didn't have internet on my PC. This is in my opinion is one of the best cyberpunk games I have ever played, the best being the first Deus Ex. The setting, the atmosphere, the characters all have a futuristic yet familiar vibe to it. The missions are open ended and doesn't hold your hand on what to do. The ending was kind of weak, but the actual game, story and gameplay are all top notch. A must play for all cyberpunk fans."
,Recommended,238010,26619614,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,InterDimensional Idiot,"An amazing game and so much better than Deus Ex the fall. It had greak controls, gamplay and graphics. Adam would have been proud if he'd asked for it."
,Recommended,238010,26695743,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,rusty,Good
,Recommended,238010,26773392,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Piarto,Круть
,Recommended,238010,26935444,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,XionXxen,"Deus Ex: Human Revolution has to be one of the greatest games I've ever played, it brought back the excitement of System Shock when I first played it and had a compelling story to back it up. This version has topped the original with a more immersive story, without taking you away from the action. Much more than an FPS or a Stealth game, with a huge amount of RPG elements thrown in. There are often many ways to complete a task, from charging in with a massive gun, sniping people from a distance, to sneaking past without anyone noticing. My favourite however is using the tranquiliser to silently knock out people one by one, stacking their bodies in a vent. This is the first game I’ve played where once I finished it for the first time, I immediately loaded it back up, set the difficulty to max and started all over again, determined to get that achievement, or find a new way of finishing a mission.I would definitely recommend it to people who want a blend of FPS that makes you think about what to do next.10/10"
76561198071614240,Recommended,238010,27007954,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ULTRACOMBO129,awesome games. love it
,Recommended,238010,26895899,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,david75sk,Best game ever? Probably.
,Recommended,238010,26838301,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,★—_—💧,Played over and over didnt ever get bored being able to always choose a more realistic and moraly gray choices round every corner.  i recomend to everbody who wants a solid story with amazing rpg gameplay and awsome characters to buy this game.
,Recommended,238010,26855028,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,The Mugbearer,I nominate this game for the “Game Within A Game” Award in The Steam Awards 2016 because of the hacking. My favorite mini-game ever. I would love to play it forever.
,Recommended,238010,26901098,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Romanian Engineer,It's fun.
,Recommended,238010,10902024,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Pedriquete,"Good plot and flexible play make this game highly recommendable.  You can sneak, hack or shoot your way, the choice is yours.The Director's Cut is by far better than the original game as it fixes boss' fights, which were at odds with the general tone of the game."
76561198078292306,Recommended,238010,26836322,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,SinsLair,"Bought the DE:HR - finished itBought the DE:HR - Missing Link, finished itBought the DE:HR - Director's Cut, finished it.nuff said"
76561198022245869,Recommended,238010,14055422,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Neptunao,One of the best cyberpunk games ever. Great. Amazing. Deep. Atmospheric.
76561197986423941,Recommended,238010,13890540,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Daiyegamer,"Its not just the story that is engaging...The gameplay is TOP notch. This is one of those rare games, that is fun to play over and over again. And the directors cut is icing on cake, with older complaints fixed and a directors commentary for purists. You simply have to play it if you enjoy AAA video games. It allows you to play anyway you want, but playing it going guns ablaze would be doing it a disservice.Makes the game feel like just another shooter. But, the real genius lies in playing it in stealth and finding out the access codes and playing around with the environment, using cameras and turrets to your benefit, and also scouring for multiple pathways. If you play 2 or even three games a year, this one is a must play, even with all the amazing games out"
,Recommended,238010,13976760,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Flatwoods,I gifted this to my friend.They never asked for this.
76561198009677837,Recommended,238010,11106660,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Woodstock,"Buy this game like right now its worth the money,prob best single player experience in a while."
,Recommended,238010,14064828,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Yogurt,Runs like poo poo on high setings even on good systems.It's not that great like the profesional reviewers say it is but it's a good game.
76561198003579921,Recommended,238010,14101145,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Human Form,"I can't wait for the next game in the franchise. The Fall and invisible War were weak, but the original and this one are great. Great combat and story, and with mods the games get even better."
,Recommended,238010,13968438,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,TINAA,Best game ever !
,Recommended,238010,13949371,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,...NOW...,"Brilliant game,Great story - stealth elements, freedom to run about levels and take your time 7 customize your character to suit your own style of play.Many hours of great gaming to be had here...hope they make more."
,Recommended,238010,14006804,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Yes Man,i never asked for this but it was still hella good.directors cut fixes everything that was broken or awful in the original. yellow/10.
,Recommended,238010,14009281,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,FrockMe,"It's been a while I have played a game like this. Great story, great gameplay, beautiful ambiance, brilliant soundtrack. Go, get it, play it."
76561198092341926,Recommended,238010,13935149,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,SomeThing SHINY!,AWESOMEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!
76561198094249141,Recommended,238010,14032499,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,firrigagamer,"Everyone is worrying about politics, which direction will the human evolution tree be nudged towards, why people don't like human augmentations, why augmented terrorists keep attacking our industry's research centers, and im just like ""what the bloody hell happened to the sun?"""
76561198023609330,Recommended,238010,14015896,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Adiferous,"Well, it was pretty nice to finish this game again with logically included DLCs and intresting developery comments.It was really great experience in finding new ways of walkthrough and hidden areas, you made a really good job, after all!"
76561198086747436,Recommended,238010,25966681,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,MARINE588,it's a great story driven FPS+RGP with cool combat design and a lot rainbow six vegas type technical shooter
,Recommended,238010,25955211,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,z0mbi5 ✭◕‿◕,"This game was awesome just for new players on shooters bosses is really hard so i played them on easy but all game is not hard with ""Tell me a story"" mode. But i really loved it so i recommend buy it."
,Recommended,238010,30872891,Posted: 1 April,all,xan_Crusher,This game is definitely awesome!!!
76561198068079507,Recommended,238010,25589037,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,holzwaschmaschine,"Amazing story, nice gameplay; you can actually choose how you want to play this game and don't feel like you're missing something (Like in DISHONORED; similar stealth/ murder-game, where you sacrafice 90% of your powers in order not to kill anyone) - achievement are really fun to get. Tip: When doing ebooks, don't ghost your way into the hive."
,Recommended,238010,25593128,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Aurothic,"A long game, with a good story, and many ways of approaching your targets. You decide how you want to play, definitely worth the price."
,Recommended,238010,26104535,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,pockeTDimension,"Deus Ex: Human Revolution is, in my opinion, a fantastic game.You can play the game your way - stealthily creeping about, or all guns blazing, nerdily hacking everything in sight or smashing through walls. Hiding the dead or unconcious bodies of your victims or leaving them proudly on display for others to find...You can be a pacifist or a psychopath, or somewhere in between.It also has three seashells in the bathroom."
76561198031147852,Recommended,238010,26103975,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,masterpmn,Great game though I still think the first was best.  Nice to see this series is still strong after so many years.  Looking forward to picking up the next one.
76561198272319025,Recommended,238010,26100221,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,materonin,"* * * * (Very Good Game - you should definately play it!)Even if developers made a couple of shortcuts (mainly if it comes to graphics i. e. applying archaic 2D textures everywhere where they could) and used the old solutions from first Deus Ex, the game is exremely fresh and juicy. Some plots in storyline are somehow predictable, but as a whole, the game leave us with reflective mood, full od doubts, despite of the decisions that we made throughout the game. The game force player to answer the big questions: what future lies in front of us, as the human beings and who/what is about to shape it.If it comes to gameplay, the old, hardcore Deus Ex fans will adopt to the new Adam Jensen adventures as the duck take the water. I loved the fact, that ""Human Rebolution"" don't follow all of today's FPS trends, which makes it original. The weaponry is diverse, augmentation really makes you feel like super-human and stealth-lovers will find something for them, 'cause almost every part of the game could be accomplished 'sneaky' way. Also, mini-hacking-game will motivate you to open all doors and hack all the game panels ;)And at last but not least - the characters and world design are just wonderful! This is almost exact picture of how our world will look like in the nearest future and architecture of interiors and exteriors will make you to reconsider your apartment design :PI give this game 4 out of 5 stars!"
,Recommended,238010,10881640,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Rel,It's a fun game. I would buy it on the sales it drops to $5
,Recommended,238010,22398593,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Shadix,The ultimate holiday bundle; Contains:Adam Jensen: The SimulatorAdam Jensen Goes To The MoviesWeekend at JensensA 3 feature Value Pack!Perfect for those cold nights by that cyberpunk gas fire!
76561198104477838,Recommended,238010,19952124,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,memer lemur,everythingisgoldandyellow
76561198032758608,Recommended,238010,25188815,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Sartis,"Definitely the game that made me love FPS, apart from Team Fortress 2. Exellent and provided with a wonderful story. Go play it! NOW!"
76561198033975337,Recommended,238010,24958046,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Inquizitor,"Awesome game. Yet it seems like not a lot people know about it. Very underrated game with well-made gameplay,awesome graphics and long hours of playthrough. This is one of few games i would rate full 10/10"
76561198124330168,Recommended,238010,25238125,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Queen Elizardbeth,"One of those game series that just hits home with its subject matter. It may only be a game, but what its actually about is quite honestly our future. ♥♥♥♥ing amazing job done by the writers, what a storyline!Conspiracy theorists wet dream :)Cyberpunk - Stealth Action - RPG .... Buy this game and PLAY IT, play it before you get Deus Ex Mankind Divided, the next installment to the series. This games story is #1 for all the games IMO."
,Recommended,238010,26337097,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,TrashPandaGrrr,Hero has a raspy voice.  I mean that make him like 200% cooler!  Guybrush Threepwood would have also worked.
,Recommended,238010,26432268,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,waliance,"Good, but not quite as good as the original...It managed to create its own cyberpunk-ish feel with a unique graphical style, unique characters and they managed to score some good voice actors (a definite step up from the original), but the gameplay has some rough edges.Biggest of them all being the forced boss fights. The original Deus Ex was famous for, among other things, giving you the choice of how to play the game.Here, the immersion breaks quickly if you decide to play stealthily and non-violently, for the forced boss battles make you adopt a different kind of gameplay.But, all in all, a good game on its own, and it shows promise for the future of the franchise. Thumbs up."
,Recommended,238010,26453521,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Trade Surplus,"I was a big fan of the original Deus Ex, and even quite liked Invisible War, but never got round to playing HR when it was released, however it was on sale for £3, so I decided to give it a whirl and it didn't disappoint me. A worthy sequel and will definitely pick up the sequel when it is on sale."
76561198073482653,Recommended,238010,26410989,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,albacrisan,I have played the whole game and i loved it! Very interesting.and love the augments. I really wish i could do some of the things Adam can :) Good experience and i will try the game + to see how replayable it is - when i actually have all of the augments - mwa ha ha baddies beware.Got this for 75% off and would totally do it again. Now i have to figure out which one in the series to wishlist.
76561198035818628,Recommended,238010,27987938,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,OOglebooze,"This game just eats hours like you wouldn't believe.  The game play is incredibly fun, and really keeps you on your toes.  There really is nothing like sneaking through an air duct above the security office, tasering a guard through a vent so he can't activate the alarm, hacking into the computer to turn off the security cameras, then raiding the weapons locker before moving on down the hall."
76561198105762631,Recommended,238010,27874134,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,mrxbas,"This game is really good. It has a good environment, a good storyline and good characters.The only downside of the game would be (sometimes) clunky controls.Overall a game I'd really recommend."
,Recommended,238010,27746590,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,kdude1245,"Great Story. Great Gameplay. (Stealth, Shooting, Dialogue Options)"
76561198188866139,Recommended,238010,23754831,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,mr_emgee,"This game takes a look on a possible near future. Interesting story with lots of references, amazing graphics and atmospheric soundtrack.Absolutely recommended."
76561197995697048,Recommended,238010,7634533,"Posted: 11 November, 2013",all,schwanzlurch,besides all small flaws; the dev commentary is awesome ^^
76561198000592552,Recommended,238010,27810977,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Super Science Stalin,The director's cut is great - boss fights have stealth/hacking options and the DLC is incorporated in the game which makes a lot more sense.Fun times!
,Recommended,238010,27319939,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Helzo,An absolute gaming masterpiece.I cannot insist how much you should purchase this came.
,Recommended,238010,27521066,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,サイモンサリフ,Simply excellent.Nothing more to add.
76561198031238131,Recommended,238010,27526720,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Alaan,There are very few games that can be played three or more times.  Deus Ex: HR is one of them.
,Recommended,238010,27578552,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Satan's Advocate,10/10 Would die and start from beginning again
,Recommended,238010,27461481,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,WolfeTech,"Thanks for fixing the boss fights, this lends much more continuity to the game."
,Recommended,238010,27459751,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,............,Execution: 7Plot: 8Graphics: 8Sound : 10Gamplay : 8
76561198130265524,Recommended,238010,27584876,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Lion-o Richie,Fantasic game! The story is great! The ending was kinda lame but still would recommend especially if your planning on playing mankind devided.
76561198000707916,Recommended,238010,27583132,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Malikrys,Best game I've played in a while considering it's better than most games released today.
