user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,238210,8641193,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Die Alpha,"The cult classic sci-fi horror FPS-RPG has returned.System Shock 2 is an interesting game to review in 2014. When it first came out in 1999, it was met with a lot of praise from the gaming press, winning over a dozen awards, including several “Game of the Year” titles, and since then it has appeared on several “Greatest Games of All Time” lists. However despite the praise, not many people actually bought and played it.It feels like System Shock 2 has been granted a second chance though. The success Irrational Games has had with BioShock and BioShock: Infinite has interested people enough to want to check out System Shock 2, which was the first game Irrational created. This is great news, because while you might not expect it, I feel that System Shock 2 is the best of all the “Shock” games. It makes you realize that for all of the steps forward we have taken in terms of technology, in a lot of ways modern gameplay has taken a few steps backwards.System Shock 2 takes place aboard the world’s first Faster Than Light starship the Von Braun as well as the UNN heavy destroyer the Rickenbacker which was tethered to the Von Braun so it could make the FTL jumps as well. You, the player, wake up from Cryo Sleep 5 months after the ship has left earth. It appears that while you were sleeping some force has managed to hijack the ship. You spend much of the game trying to figure out what exactly happened while you were sleeping, getting ship systems back up and running, and coming up with a plan to stay alive. The primary story of the game is told through many audio logs scattered around the ship that were left by the dead crewmembers, as well as visual clues in the levels that shed some light on what has been going on. This was one of the first games to do this, which has only recently started to become popular.Both the Von Braun and Rickenbacker are both pretty large ships, and the game does not have any real “levels” in the traditional sense. The ships are broken up into decks (medical, engineering, hydroponics, operations, etc), and each of those decks are broken up into sectors that are separated by bulkheads which often require keycards to access. You are always free to move back and forward between decks and sectors you have gained access to. The game treats the ships as one large persistent game world. For example, if you come across some heavy armor that you do not have the required strength to equip, you can always come back to it later once you have the required stats. Or if you drop an item in a hallway that you do not have space in your inventory for, you can come back and get it hours later if you feel the need to. In fact, this sort of back tracking is sometimes necessary, as certain areas of the ship are only accessible after you do something in a different area. While the game in linear as far as some areas are locked until you find the keycard or access codes, it often lets you tackle multiple objectives in whatever order you see fit.Speaking of stats like strength, the game has an interesting RPG like system that determines what you can and cannot do. As you complete objectives, you are granted access to “Cybernetic Modules” that you use to upgrade your cybernetic implants. You spend these points at upgrade stations around the ship. There are four main categories of upgrades: stats, psi, weapons, and tech. Stats include things like strength, endurance, and agility. The weapons category contains sub-categories such as standard weapons, heavy weapons, and energy weapons. The tech category is where you find the skills associated with hacking, repairing, and modifying. The Psi category has five separate tiers of power, which need not be learned in order. Each tier includes seven individual powers. These powers compare pretty favorably to the plasmids from Bioshock, and include abilities like Photonic Redirection (turning yourself invisible), Enhanced Motion Sensitivity (shows enemies nearby), and Projected Pyrokinesis (shoots a ball of fire).The game has more gameplay systems then just the skills. Let’s use the weapons as an example. Each weapon as multiple fire modes that have strengths and weaknesses, such as an overload shot for a laser pistol that does more damage but is energy inefficient. On top of this, each weapon can be modified, provided you have the appropriate skill level. Examples of modification include increasing the clip size, increasing the rate of fire and decreasing kickback. Each time you fire a weapon, its condition starts to degrade, and you must use maintenance tools to keep the weapon in working order. If you neglect a weapon long enough, it can actually break. At that point you need to repair the weapon before you can use it again. On top of this, many of the guns have different types of ammo such as armor piercing rounds and anti-personnel rounds. How does one know what type of ammo to use against each enemy? That is where researching comes in.When you kill enemies, they often leave behind organs that you can collect from their bodies. If you have a high enough research level, you can research these organs to learn more about the enemies you are facing. It will tell you what types of weapons they have resistances to, which types of weapons they are extra vulnerable to, and it will also give you a buff to all damage done to them. Researching isn’t limited to enemy organs either. You will often find exotic weapons and items that you cannot use until you have researched what they are. Researching items requires different chemicals as well. Which chemicals are required depends on the item. Each deck of the ship has a chemical storeroom that contains a selection of most (but not all) of the chemicals that you need for research. If you are researching an item that requires a chemical that is not in the storeroom on your current deck, you will need to locate the proper chemical somewhere else.Since System Shock 2 is a survival horror game at its core, you spend a lot of time managing and rationing your supplies. You don’t always want to fight every enemy you come across, otherwise you might find yourself out of ammo. Running from or sneaking by enemies are always valid tactics. You can sometimes take more creative approaches as well, such as hacking a turret and baiting enemies into its firing range. There are also vending machines located throughout the ship, which you can spend money (Nanites) that you collect on items such as ammo and health. Not every vending machine sells everything, and you can hack the vending machines to offer you better prices. Nanites are also the currency used to hack, modify, and repair items, so it is up to you to determine the best way to use your supply of them.All of these layered gameplay systems are what make System Shock 2 stand out as surprisingly modern when compared to current games. Even Bioshock, a critically acclaimed modern game, feels a bit shallow when you compare it to System Shock 2. I would even go as far as to say Bioshock is a watered down version of System Shock 2. This complexity also opens the game up to be played multiple times, and each time you can build your character in drastically different ways. Want to play the game as a stealth character, only killing when absolutely necessary? That’s possible. What to build a melee weapons only character? That’s also possible.The only thing about System Shock 2 that feels dated are the visuals, and even that can be mitigated to some degree with mods. The story is great, the audio design is both haunting and impactful when it needs to be, and the gameplay was so far ahead of its time that even modern games feel shallow in comparison. If you can get over how the game looks, I would absolutely recommend giving this first person survival horror RPG a try. It might just be your 2014 game of the year… from 1999."
,Recommended,238210,12397113,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,*Legion*,"Four things to know:1. You want this game. This game is great. All-time great.2. You want to install visual mods that really make the game sparkle on modern displays. This mod pack packages up all of the best visual mods in one collection:http://neutralx2.com/2013/07/14/system-shock-2-mod-packThese mods are as faithful to the original look as possible. They just make the game look like it should on today's high resolution displays.3. Load the ""standard FPS"" control preset. It will save you a little remapping.4. Turn off the music. Pounding techno music (like in Med Sci 1) stomps all over the rest of the game's lonely, isolated atmosphere."
,Recommended,238210,7743474,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,ACiDiC_SPUNk,"System Shock 2 (whichdoesn'texpect you to have played the previous installment) is a survival-horror first-person-shooter with role-playing elements, and is regarded by many as one of the all-time classics -- and deservedly so.The game takes place within the cold metal walls of the FTL-capable spacecraft 'Von Braun', and its piggy-backing sister ship, the 'Richenbacker' -- which, handily, needs a capable grunt to help keep it safe. After a few short (and, thankfully, optional) tutorial VR simulations, you chose one of three 'classes': a gun-wielding Marine, a psi-power controlling Psi-Op (otherwise known as a wizard!), or the middle-of-the-two Navy -- and are then dutifully assigned to the Von Braun on its and humanity's maiden faster-than-light voyage. Put into cyrogenic sleep until needed, you are rudely awakened to find your memory erased and the ship seemingly empty, barring a Doctor Janice Polito who offers you help over your communicator. You quickly find that a force of seemingly alien beings have taken control of the ship and its system-controlling AI (along with a fair amount of the on-board monkey population!), as you and Polito form an alliance to try and regain control of the ship...or at the very least re-enable the needed systems to call for help.The game plot initially focuses on your player-character receiving orders from Polito, who's quite handily barricaded in her room on the Operations deck. With a primary objective of attempting to reach her and call for help/escape, she keeps you updated with any objectives that need to be fulfilled in order to gain access to further areas of the ship and slow down the advance of the enemy where possible. I say 'initially focuses on' as things soon change, and, without spoiling anything, System Shock 2 will spin the story on its head -- and treat you to one of the most wonderfully constructed plot-twists in gaming history (well, it had more of akickin 1999, anyway). It isn't ground-breaking story-wise, but it's exceptionally executed, and has left an impression on everyone who's ever played it; Ken Levine certainly engrossed right from the beginning.The Von Braun itself is split into several different sections, each deck providing a different function for the on-board science crew, and each providing you a different type of environment to explore; from the cramped and radioactive engineering deck to the more open shopping and recreational deck, each section feels individual -- although all of the decks feel as cold and oppressive as you'd imagine a floating tin-can to be. Make no mistake though, the game is quite linear; objectives rarely span more than one deck, allowing you to constantly pursue and explore new and interesting areas -- however you may wish to back-track across previously-visited decks to research artifacts and weapons which will provide you with bonuses for later on.While there are a few survivors dotted around, you never really interact with them; most of the plot is advanced through either the environment -- with words written in blood covering the walls -- or through voice-logs and emails of the recently dead, much like in the game's spiritual successor, Bioshock. You're never taken out of the game; you're always in first-person perspective, and always quite alone...with mainly just the voices of the dead to keep you company!System Shock 2 isn't all roses though, especially with age. Games have moved on quite a bit, and without nostalgia to help ignore the flaws, new-comers might find the low-polygon creatures a little cartoonish, the graphics a little underwhelming, and generally just lacking the kind of polish you find nowadays. The game-play itself requires a more cautious-than-usual approach too -- not quite as cautious as the Thief series, but not quite as guns-blazing as most first person shooters -- which may put some off.If you're not afraid of rough edges and want to experience one of gaming's classic playgrounds, black out your room, slip on some surround-sound headphones, andenjoy."
,Recommended,238210,8988565,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Labtec Speakers,"One of the coolest significantly difficult games I've ever played. A blend of FPS with RPG mixed with Survival Horrorness. It also has very similar gameplay elements to Bioshock. Armour piercing bullets, anti personnel bullets, audio logs, hacking, vending machines, raging psychopaths, a kickass wrench (Which, I think, was more useful in this game than it was in Bioshock) and many others, only this game feels much more ""complex"" if that's the right word. This is no walk in the park. Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,238210,32565107,Posted: 19 June,all,Artorias,Made in 1999. After 18 years is still one of the best Cyberpunk games ever made.10/10
,Recommended,238210,14746502,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,LockeProposal,"This review is based on a purely vanilla playthrough.+ Game is very mod-able, & this can go a long way to polishing up some of its aged visuals, among other things+ Palpable and unsettling atmosphere+ Character is highly customizable (stats, not aesthetics), appealing to a wide swathe of varying play-styles+ Load-times are near-instantaneous on today's hardware+ Places an overwhelming emphasis on RPG elements, and does so competently+ Enemies do not saturate the game, successfully building a tremendous sense of solitude and despair+ Resources are scarce, lending a feeling of gravity to enemy encounters+ Despite a few minor misgivings, the UI is generally intuitive and well-designed+ Aside from one glaring plot hole, the story is inspired, well-presented, and entirely engrossing+ Managing resources is a prime concern, and really serves to pull you into the experience+ Ambient soundtrack keeps your hairs standing up; some of the tracks felt a bit out of place, but this did not strike me often, and overall I would consider the audio to be successfully employed- Default controls are horrid; I highly recommend remapping the key-bindings- Map and level designs often feel convoluted and poorly designed; the need for tedious backtracking is frequent and a chore- Dated visuals that have not aged well, particularly character modelsLockeProposal's Big Day OutCommunity GroupCurator PageSerious Steam Reviews subReddit"
,Recommended,238210,10903675,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Vic,"System Shock 2, 1990s gaming's swansong, can boast the honor of having written the book on complex hybrid FPS gameplay, open-ended skill progression, conceptual horror, sound design and environmental storytelling. Now that I think of it, that means it's pretty much written the book on everything in modern-day gaming.Games still emulate it, either directly or indirectly, to this day; and more recently in the 2010s, there's now a strange sort of niche genre around it, which I nickname ""Shocklike"" games (for instance, when Bethesda rebooted Prey 2, they demanded up front that the game be designed as if it were ""System Shock 3""). Even incompetent and ethically bankrupt publishers swear by it; that's got to mean something!Oh, and you ought to play it. Not only does it still hold up remarkably well, but the experience it offers remains unparalleled in its quality, unique in its atmosphere and overall, really freaking great."
,Recommended,238210,32123284,Posted: 2 June,all,slimegirls,bioshock for big boys
,Recommended,238210,18334280,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Audish,"I'm always apprehensive about reviewing classics. Anyone familiar with the game will already have their mind made up on it, and it's often hard to convince those who aren't to try it. I haven't played System Shock 2 since its release ages ago, and I'm happy to report that it holds up surprisingly well for newcomers and veterans alike. Not for the whole game, sadly, but for enough of it.System Shock 2 is one of the originators of the FPS/RPG genre, which spun out Deus Ex, Vampire, Bioshock, and all manner of dense shooters. You play a hacker stashed aboard the USS Von Braun, mankind's first faster-than-light starship. It becomes immediately apparent that issues have arisen during the voyage, and it's up to you to hopefully make things right. You do this by scavenging weapons and gadgets, hacking devices, upgrading your skills, researching the odd artifacts you come across, and killing lots of really, really freaky monsters. There's an enormous range of activities involved in growing your character, and a little of everything is required to keep up with the surprisingly varied enemies you encounter.The story is among the best the FPS genre has ever seen, detailing the final hours of the Von Braun's crew and leading you through every nook and cranny of the enormous ship. A competent minimap and extensive log of the audio files you find through the game help keep you on track as you progress through the ruined decks. Unfortunately, the game starts to come apart after you leave the Von Braun. The open maps and fully-realized levels give way to isolated setpieces and cramped, confusing halls filled with monsters. It's very clear the back end of the game was rushed, and it suffers terribly for it. Abuse of the quicksave system is a must near the end, which sadly drains a lot of the tension from the game.It really cannot be overstated how good the atmosphere is either, which makes its collapse near the end all the more tragic. The sound design is incredible, with unsettling cues popping up at all the right times. Well, except for the music which you should mute immediately, unless you have an irrational love for 90s programmer techno. Even the graphics hold up, with the bold colors and boxy designs masking the incredibly low-res textures. You'll feel like an idiot the first time a chunky-looking enemy makes you jump, but your heart will be pounding too much to care.It very much is a classic for a reason, and the precipitous drop in quality near the end still can't sully the first 8 or so hours. It's a long, long game, with plenty of secrets and scares to keep you engaged. If you've never played System Shock 2 I guarantee you're in for a treat, and if you haven't replayed it recently I can still promise the same."
76561198119631148,Recommended,238210,9666689,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,neuromancer14,System Shock 2 is honestly worthy of all the praise it has received since it's release in 1999 and more. A fantastic cyber-punk sci-fi horror experience. Get this game! 5 nanites out of 5.
,Recommended,238210,12740452,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Eternal川普,"The more I play this the more Bioshock Infinite pales in comparison. This game offers so much build choices that I was overwelmed by all the different playstyles. Once I dive into the game, I was greeted by catchy techno soundtrack, spooky beef jerky hybrids, and hadouken monkeys. Forget the prod, stick with the wrench, wrench with the wrench.Don't get Bioshock Infinite and its Season Pass, get System Shock 2 instead."
,Recommended,238210,19519462,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,glue eater,no other game has made me feel so alone and isolated
76561198147607351,Recommended,238210,12811265,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,BioShrek,You know its a good game when it lets you play MineSweeper and fight off a horde of hybrids at the same time
,Recommended,238210,12783096,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,[558] Forcystus9,"I just beat the game for the first time and I was floored. This is truly one of the best gaming experiences availible. The RPG, FPS, and survival horror elements are blended spectacurarly. The gaming environment is immersive and the sounds and voice tracks are superb. My only complaint is some level design choices in the late game but overall the game is a diamond and should be at the top of your to-do list."
,Recommended,238210,20124361,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,sarge 95 comedy dungeon,Jesus christ don't watch the trailer on steam; It spoils one of the biggest reveals of the game.Anyways the game is pretty damn good check out the review made by Zero Punctuation to get a pretty good idea on what the game is like.
76561197970538611,Recommended,238210,23283389,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Westenra,"One of my all-time favorite games. I replay it every couple of years.Here I sit, having just completed my first (and last) playthrough on Impossible difficulty.All things considered, some tips from a veteran:-Every class starts with level one Standard Weapons, so you might as well go for that assault rifle by maxing out Standard Weapons ASAP.-Don't bother with powered armor. It's not worth the shortfall between charge stations. Get enough for Medium Armor and move along.-Save at least three ICE-PICKS for the very end of the game. Trust me.-Scavenge jammed shotguns off Shotgun Hybrids. Yes, they are useless, but they always have at least one round in the chamber.-Go Navy. They master in two categories straight out the gate.-Enemies aimbot. They don't shoot where you WERE, they shoot where you are GOING TO BE. Go into every encounter able to put down a baddy before it can fire, or be prepared to run.-You only need just enough to Repair your weapons, not modify or maintain them, until later in the game.-Even if you don't go Psi, invest enough cybernetic modules for Psi-Pull and Cryokinesis early on. This gives you access to many secrets as well as a modest fallback weapon when your guns jam or the bullets run dry.-Don't horde syringes. Strength Boost + Speed + Wrench works wonders on spiders.-Hacking, hacking, hacking. Those security crates won't crack themselves.Lastly, don't spend too much time fretting over cosmetic graphics and balance mods. The game looks and runs fine in vanilla mode.Light some candles, put on some headphones, and enjoy one of the best FPS / RPG hybrids ever made!"
,Recommended,238210,10213762,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Balls Deep In Awful,You can lean forward in this game.
,Recommended,238210,13008029,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,"Sleepy Tsundere Space Bird (-?,)","Pathetic creature of meat and bone. Do you really need me to convince you to play System Shock?If so, never speak to me. Ever."
76561197968777814,Recommended,238210,16456794,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Rilde,"A survival, horror, sci-fi, immersive, atmospheric, brilliant RPG FPS. The story alone is worth a playthrough, and the story is told in a way that only a game can. (Think half life 2.)This game deserves every game of the year award it got, and it should have gotten more.The direct inspiration to the Bioshock series in mechanics, but without the dumbing down.It's an old game these days, so do yourself a favor and grab a graphics mod. Then close the blinds, put on headphones, and set up a booby trap for anyone sneaking up on you, because you are about to be sucked into a tense, wonderful experience aboard the Von Braun you will never forget."
,Recommended,238210,8269837,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,ThatDarnOwl,"Looking Glass Studios basically laid down the roadmap for the FPS/RPG hybrid with System Shock 2. Though it didn't take off in the mainstream til Deus Ex and Bioshock. SS2 remains as legendary as the careers it jumpstarted.Everything about SS2 basically took a defibrilator to the original game and kickstarted it into overdrive. The plot was expanded to the point of reading like the good Aliens sequel we never got. The gameplay was treated like both an actual RPG and an engaging first person shooter, complete with unique ever changing environments and weapons.But that's not even touching the surface of this game. The most memorable aspect of SS2 is it's horror atmosphere. The electronica soundtrack only adds to the tension of how scary this game is. Enemies shuffle and appear in corridors you thought you cleared already, weapons jam if you don't take care of them, and you're constantly searching and praying to find someone alive. But unfortunately as you search, it seems more and more likely you're the only one still human.SS2 is truly a work of art, and it's great to see it fixed up and running in modern resolutions. Considering how often this game goes on sale, you owe it to yourself to see where Bioshock and Dead Space all got it from. System Shock 2, ""dat game""."
,Recommended,238210,12671713,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Antishyreenauchneaque,"Better than BioShock, better than 1st Half-Life. Game is unbelievable. It looks ju-ust a bit dated but who cares when it's got such a deep gameplay. RPG elements, vast variety of weapons and skills, controls - all this makes SS2 a great fun to play. Atmosphere is where the game steals the show. You a fan of Sci-Fi horror? Then what the fyck are you waiting for, buy this game! You are aboard the spaceship, everyone is infected and controlled by an alien force and your a.s.s. must find out what's going on over here. This is bold definition of awesome. Plus I wanna shake composers' hands - music score blasts you the hell away. Weak points? Maybe some NPC models. That is all I can come up with. SystemShock 2 oozes value and you'll never regret paying money for this product."
,Recommended,238210,7814686,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,"Stones, Thy Will is Salad","Ever wanted a game where you can beat half-naked men, naked women, and robots with your wrench?Well now you got that game"
,Recommended,238210,10134986,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,G H O S T H U G G I N G,"You know how an Italian chef kisses his fingers and says something in Italian that translates to ""A masterpiece"" after tasting their own dish? That's how I feel about this game."
,Recommended,238210,34985530,Posted: 15 September,all,ScTiger,"tl;dr game is great, aged very well, runs in 1920x1080. Pay attention to tutorial messages found on walls. Build for both psi and regular guns or you will be out of ammo.Before reading this review, it's important to know that I am younger than this game. I first played it more than 15 years after its original release. If you are worried about the game being too dated, don't.Do you want to play the game that inspired many recent AAA titles, such as Bioshock 1 & 2, Deus Ex, and Prey, but is better than all of them? System Shock 2 is your game.Almost everything about this game really shines in my opinion, so I won't waste time describing how the level design is great or how well the game rewards exploration.All I have done is compiled a bunch of useful information for someone who is looking to buy this game and play it for the first time.Here's a list of what aged well, and what didn't. Note that I have used no mods or tools, just in-game settingsThings that aged well-----+Graphics are still serviceable. While definitely not up to today's standards, they are immersive, and you get used to them fast+1920x1080 (16:9) support. No idea if it supports anything higher+Fully rebindable keys, which is good, because the game has TERRIBLE default bindings+Full mouse support. This seems silly to point out but I've played 20 yr old games with no mouselook+You can change the settings to make it control just like FPS games that come out today+Great positional audio (Play this game with headphones, it's really helpful)+Really good voice acting+Atmosphere is still pretty tense and darkThings that did not age well------Gunplay is meh (I was debating putting this one in the ""aged well"" category. All the bullets that seem like the should connect, do connect. My main issue is using corners as cover is sort of unreliable due to very slow walk speed in any direction but forward)-Animations are pretty good, you can tell they are old. Better than some games of similar age (Thief 2)-Hitboxes on small monkey enemies are really annoying, and they are super hard to hit with the wrench-Too few autosaves (fortunately, you can save/load the game whenever you want)The game does a pretty poor job communicating a lot of the more obscure but useful stuff in the game. Here's a list of things you should be aware of before playing:-A lot of VERY useful info about game mechanics is on display boards throughout the early stages of the game. They are almost always placed right next to the thing they are referring to. Make sure to inspect (right click) all of these and read everything they have to say. Make sure to savor and cherish these moments. Don't just skim over the tutorial messages or ignore them because you don'tneedit. The game is constantly testing you, and if you miss out on too many mechanincs, you're going to have a hard time.-Important, mission-crucial information is on audio logs found as loot throughout the game. Make sure to listen to all of them. If you don't think you have the patience to do this and the previous thing on this list, this isn't the game for you, and not just because of that.-Try not to use internet guides in this game. When the game came out, there was no internet, and is best playedprettyblind. If playing it completely blind was a good idea, this entire section wouldn't exist. That being said, if you really get lost, and have already gone over your audio logs and notes (which are basically mission objectives), and you feel like you have explored everywhere, looking things up is fine. Just try not to get too wrapped up in it.-The tutorial about the map glosses over a really useful feature that I wish i'd discovered sooner. You can press ""M"" to open the map, and there is a minimap button you can press. I recommend always having this on, but don't fall into the trap of having your eyes glued to the minimap. Lots of loot, environmental signs (like an arrow on the ground that says ""medical""), security cameras, etc. are present throughout the entire game, and you don't want to miss them.-Another thing the map tutorial glosses over is that you can click on points of interest, such as shops and upgrade stations, then type something and it will appear on your map. You can also press ""N"" to create one of these points of interest at your current location. This is incredibly useful for marking keypads you don't know the code to, storerooms for supplies that you don't want to carry around due to inventory constraints, etc.VERY IMPORTANT!!!! Build AdviceIt's very possible that you could get 75% through the game and be stuck because your build wasn't good. The most important skills in the game are Hack and Maintainence. Make sure to level them both a few times. Beyond that, the best build is one that can make use of everything you pick up. If you only spec into Psi, and can't use any guns, you will always have too few psi hypos and too many bullets. You will end up having to use the wrench, and no one wants to try to wrestle with the sh*tty monkey hitboxes.Holy sh*t, I didn't expect this review to be so long. If you read to the end, you probably enjoyed it, so make sure to give this review a helpful rating or leave a comment about something I can change!"
,Recommended,238210,34283281,Posted: 16 August,all,Degresse McFallagan,"Dios mío this is gonna be a long one...In System Shock 2, you will:- Be scared ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.- Be scared ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥...a lot.- Die.- Die a lot.- Die at least 20 times in the first 10 minutes of the game.- Be scared ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ when you realize enemies can open doors.- Crush yourself with a lift.- Go through the tutorial with a bare understand of what to upgrade.- Fight with your wrench for about 60% of the game.- Wonder if the developers know what a wrench is.- Wonder if the developers enjoy torturing the player.- Get hit by a pipe.- Get shot.- Get fireballed.- Get laser beamed.- ""That insipid computer Xerxes"".- Eat a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of chips.- Trigger the security system at least a trillion times.- Bolt like hell at the sound of robotic shuffling.- Bolt like hell at the sound of robotic stomping.- Bolt like hell at the sound of robotic clanking.- ""Manufacturers choice, if I do say so myself"".- Become radiated- Instantly cure yourself of radiation poisoning by sticking yourself with a needle.- Wonder if heroine cures radiation poisoning.- Get lost as you're getting irradiated in the maintenance tunnels.- Get poisoned by stepping on worms.- Rummage through trash cans unthinkably.- Realize people throw good♥♥♥♥♥♥away in trash cans.- Witness the horrific events that unfolded on the Von Braun through audio logs.- And exposition from a certain...being- Hate the Hydroponics deck with a passion- Uggh that scream...*shudders*- Be sad at how you've picked up at least 50 shotguns but can't use any of them.- Hah you wish, I started out as Marines!- Be scared of the starting enemy 75% into the game.- Backtrack, but never get bored of it for some reason.- Go on gun sprees, and then realize you should've conserved your ammo.- Go on mind-ball-magic-psi sprees, and then realize you should've consevered your psi.- Witness spoopy ghosts.- Hack the security system.- Set off the security system trying to hack it.- ""The P__l_t_ f_rm is d_a_ _ns__t.""- Bolt at the sound of robotic gibberish.- Witness a really horrifying ghost in Hydroponics...jesus christ...- Apparently cigarettes are harmful, but soda heals you.- Drink a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of soda.- Get into shootouts with robots.- Get hoodwinked- Twice- Bolt at the sound of chittering.- Get killed a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton in Operations.- Kill enemies with a crystal stick.- Get zapped.- Go through all your ammo attempting to shoot mosquitos.- Get killed by worms.- Flip through art panels.- Realize the mistake (or gain) you made when you witness a pixellated naked lady (its called art, sucker).- Attempt to strafe a turrent. And fail.- Get riddled with holes from turrents.- Go shopping (kinda).- Be dissapointed when all the robot sex machines are broken *Spoilers*- Drink yourself to stupidity.- Take a relaxing stroll in a garden.- Play basketball (kinda).- Go swimming (kinda).- Blow yourself up with your own grenade launcher.- Get noscoped with a grenade.- Use up all your ap ammo.- Use up all your anti personel ammo.- Have a crate fall on you.- Fall through the floor.- Fall into traps (a lot).- Even when the game specifically tells you there is a trap.- Take a nice train ride.- Fight a tentacled mushroom.- Blow up a shuttle.- Disobey...a certain being's...direct orders.- Either have no nanites or a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton.- Always have not enough cyber modules.- Get fireballed by a turrent.- Enter the Rickenbacker.- Go to church (kinda)- Fail miserably at parkour.- Do the parkour perfectly then slip off a straight plank.- Go crazy looking for the last black egg.- Spam the spell to control enemies and then run out of psi in the process.- Spam the invisibility spell.- Get a special gun to fight the antagonists but then not have enough skills to use it.- Go inside something (get your mind out of the gutter)- Get crushed by bone pillars.- Get flung into a nerve ending.- Swim around in irradiated stomach acid.- THEYRE INVISIBLE!- Bolt at the sound of rumbling- Run around in circles from mosquitos- RUN LIKE HELL in one of the boss battles.- RUN LIKE HELL in the other boss battle.- Get flushed.- Go into BCYERACPSE- Take damage from geometric figures.- Fall down a staircase.- Fall down a tunnel.- Cheese the final boss as OSA.- ""Nah.""- Sit back and wonder how the ♥♥♥♥ you won the game.- Be hyped for the SS3 game.- And the remake for SS1.- Spend 45 minutes figuring out how to play multiplayer.- Turn off the music (do it, i don't know who the ♥♥♥♥ thought upbeat techno would be a good idea).SO INSECT, DO YOUR PATHETIC SPECIES A FAVOR AND PURCHASE THIS GAME SO YOU CAN BASK IN MY MAGNIFICENCE!"
13424535435463425,Recommended,238210,6277197,"Posted: 14 August, 2013",all,Pine Cone,"Despite its old, awful 3d graphics that look like oragami made with wet tissue. it is quite a atmospheric game, with lots of creeping down dark hallways, taking gambles of when and when it isnt safe to pop up your cyber hood and piddle about your interface, and if you didn't check the area properly a kamakazi robot will run up and repaint a bulkhead with you."
,Recommended,238210,23427743,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Sydney's World,"System Shock 2 was one of the best games I had ever played back in 1999. Many generations of games later, I gave it another try. It's a true testament to its game design that it kept my interest enough to play it through in its entirety once again.It is hard to say if a relatively new gamer would like it, with so many newer games out there, (Dead Space comes to mind and is a lot creepier, with much better action), so I don't know if I can fully recommend it to them. I will say for vintage gamers like myself (mid 40's), it's worth a try...or if you are younger and nostalgic, or interested in the history of great video games."
,Recommended,238210,13918363,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,SerTommeh,"After playing this in a handful of long sittings I can now say this is an absolutely fantastic game. Sites all over the net made it clear this is a must play game, being in numerous top 10 games of all time and top 10 RPGs of all time lists. And I have to say it's certainly made mine too!For starters the setting; Sci-fi/Cyberpunk. It looks great! Obviously to today's standards the graphics are poor but if you're like most sane and decent gamers you won't let that stop you from playing it. If it makes you feel any better there are mods to improve the graphics, but I always recommend playing games vanilla first time through to get the intended feel of the game.The game is a First-person shooter/Roleplaying hybrid that is well known with classic Looking Glass games. Again to today's standards the combat may be a little but clunky but overall get's the job done. My only minor nitpick is the wrench as it's so damn annoying to attack smaller enemies because it's constantly missing! In terms of roleplaying you have a lot to work with, with the potential for 3 different types of characters it adds a lot of replay value as well as the potential for many character builds. Personally I went in as the typical soldier/'warrior' build and just beefed up on strength and my guns but you could master tech hacking your way through levels opening chests and disabling security or you could us PSI (Psionics - Imagine it as System Shocks 'magic') This type of character gives you tonnes of skills like shields, telekinesis, firing projectiles and so much more. So many potential character builds and different ways to approach the game.System Shock 2 also comes under another genre, survival horror. Now for the most part I'd say it is a First-person shooter, action roleplaying game, However the atmosphere in most of the levels of this game is intense. The enemies themselves creep around the decks of the ship stalking you and I'm not going to lie they made me jump and made me scream like a little girl on numerous occasions, especially earlier in the game when I felt underpowered. The way the NPCs speak is also quite chilling at times. I would say however that as the game progresses, some of the later levels lose that horror edge, but it doesn't completely detract from the game.Now a few final things to finish up on. The major thing I disliked about this game was movement, again It's an old game, old engine, old physics etc, but getting stuck in tiny nooks and crannies was seriously frustrating (I'm looking at you last levels!) And although I love the climbing in this game (It works like Thief) some times it was unresponsive and unpredictable.And of course we can't forget the story. It's great, It's not the best story but it's certainly good and I think you should experience it for yourself!System Shock 2 - 9/10"
76561198015927399,Recommended,238210,19096142,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Sanguinius Týr,"The year was 1999 when I first played this game. I had never and have never played the original System Shock but that never put me off. I'd seen and heard good things so I was eager to try it out. And try it out I did! So, what did I think?It blew my F**KING mind! So complex and way ahead of its time. The first FPS I had played with an inventory system, audio logs and options to upgrade your statistics. It was very different to other shooters I had played. This was in a whole new league. Graphically it looked really good with music that complemented the eerie feel of the game. Speaking of eerie, this game is scary. The voices of the enemies is creepy and I'm not even going to mention the psychic monkeys, lest I break into a fit of pure terror. Combat is good though you must maintain your weapons if you don't want them to break. Melee combat feels slow and clunky.The story... ah the story. From beginning to end the narrative manages to hold your attention and takes you on a great adventure, exploring every nook and cranny of your environment. The 'female' antagonist is one of the best ever portrayed in a video game.A truly fantastic game back in 1999 and a great game now in 2015. I still wait in hope of a System Shock III.10/10"
,Recommended,238210,32183894,Posted: 4 June,all,(> '.' )>,It's like Half-Life but more complex.
,Recommended,238210,31760492,Posted: 14 May,all,CthulhuMAN69,"If you enjoyed BioShock, loved DIshonored, and have already beaten 2017's Prey and want more, you owe it to yourself to pick up this classic."
,Recommended,238210,16458411,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Shadix,"GAME DEVELOPERS HATE THIS!One dumb trick to make your steam library grow 3 times in quality!Click ""Add to Cart"" to find out how!"
76561198068852662,Recommended,238210,13177836,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,LP,"Imagine your very person, locked up in a cryogenic chamber aboard a gigantic starship en route to a very distant place from home. Imagine yourself, facing dreadful foes who have never seen the face of Earth. Imagine both your mind and body enprisoned within an enormous metallic beast with close-to-nothing to survive. Will you manage it? Or you will let Mankind's demise shrivel from your unstill hands?Okay that was a dramatic way to put it, but it gives you the idea of how much this game affects me.We have a very deep plot as well as a good Cyberpunk atmosphere, furthermore there is an endless line of items!The faults that this game has are various:-Old (can be renewed with mods)-You don't want it to end! (remember when you played for the first time DE:HR? Same thing here! You don't want it to end! (Luckily there is the stunning editor explored in detail furtherly)MULTIPLAYER WARNING!I noticed that when using two or more Windows XPs (who got them anymore?) there are no so many crashes. However if you do use an XP and a 7 (or just two modern guys) you got problems (this is probably due to some sync issue or just Win 7 can't bear it to have such an old guy like that).I DO RECOMMEND:1) GRAPHICS ENHANCEMENTThe graphics can be enhanced through a variety of mods which you can find here:https://www.systemshock.org/index.php?topic=4447.0orhttp://www.moddb.com/mods/shtup-system-shock-2-texture-upgrade2) DROMED (or ShockEd)And there is DromEd, a powerful Editor which will boost gameplay (if you have both patience and time):https://www.systemshock.org/index.php?board=38.0Take a seat during free-time, and watch the tutorials which are very helpful.BE SURE TO INSTALL THE TOOLKIT AT:https://www.systemshock.org/index.php?topic=5312.03) THE ORIGINALI would recommend to play the first installment of System Shock in order to get the bigger picture of what SHODAN is, after you finished the second one. Why? Because otherwise it would spoil everything. You are so lucky if you do not know the existence of the first installment or whatever goes on there, for you can enjoy this game far way better.You can find the remastered version here on Steam and/or wait for the remake that is going to come out in 2018.In short:Every game you play (from FPS to RPGs) has been directly or indirectly been inspired by this true masterpiece. So if you do not have it, well it's like missing Dante's Trilogy in your home library (well not that so, but say something like a must-have).Okay this looks like a game with inefable emotions attached to it. You can either buy it (suggested) or not (God Bless You).Thanks for reading."
,Recommended,238210,12822417,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,SIRNINJACAT,♥♥♥♥ing unhitable monkeys that fire magic orbs at you and spawn kill you. Probably the best game experince I have ever had
76561198091494295,Recommended,238210,23663453,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Noskel,"If I had a nickel for every time I almost had a heart attack playing this game, I'dlose $40.00 since I had to wash my pants so much.Scariest game I ever played. Absolutely recommended"
76561198305649918,Recommended,238210,32431127,Posted: 15 June,all,Master Wizard,"The Only Game That Has Scared Me:No other game hasn't even come close to the scare fest I had ( and still have !) when I first playedSystem Shock 2.Resident Evil, Silent Hill, Alien: Isolation, nothing has stacked up to the horror ofSystem Shock 2.Aside form scaring me ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ( the right way), This andDeus Exwere the first games that official introduced me to PC gaming and made me abandon my former console preaseant past ( I do like emulation though) and introduced me to a wider gaming spectrum.What About System Shock 1 ?The original System Shock was made by the same people behind the Wing Commander games & more notebly Ultima Underworld, so it shouldn't come as a surprise that it shares many similarites with the ladder. Many of System Shock 2's traits would be established here: little ammo, wise and careful useage of said ammo, ruthless enemies, creepy audio logs, and of course the villinous AI herself, SHODAN. While System Shock is cyberpunk Ultima Underworld set in futuristic space, it's still a fun and important game.""Look at you, Hacker !""**Moderate Spoliers Ahead !**Before I actually review the game I would like to say that while I enjoy retro PC gaming, I am very young and was born way after these games that I enjoy today were made or were too young to enjoy/play them. So, aside from fandom this review is not nostalgic in retrospective. Thank goodness there's a thing called the internet.Now, the review. System Shock was a cyberpunk FPS with an emphesis on action and horror only as an asthetic and mood,System Shock 2is pure horror-survival. You took the role of a nameless hacker/passanger aboard the Von Braun ( named after Former Nazi-turned-Space Genius)."
76561198258445335,Recommended,238210,34744521,Posted: 4 September,all,Samppu,"Bioshock for men. Alright alright so yeah, propably my top favorite fps rpg. Pros:- Great cyberpunk setting that interestingly has you be aboard spacecraft instead of neon-lit rain soaked streets. A mega corporation. Cybernetic human enhancements. Artificial intelligences. Yannow the drill.- Game seriously by combination of great sound, visuals and gloomy ambient music and non-fps combat creates an unceasing sense of vulnerability and dread. This is brutal survival at it's finest. Always waiting for a Hybrid to show up suddenly and whack the crap outta you. The ghost starship atmosphere is perfect, absolutely.- Soundtrack is greatness. While the fast tunes might not fit to the desperate survival experience, they are great. Medsci 1, engineering, Hydroponics 1 and Command 1 are that type of music. Don't really like the engineering one, just way too frantic really. Then there's one unique tune, Operations B. While it's not ambient, it's not quite action music either. But uniquely a chilly, calming slightly somber cool beat. Rest of soundtrack is ambient music that really helps to make suspense.- Gameplay is simply great. Before the horrors begin, choose to either be a dumb guns blazing Marine, psionics freak or the hacker fella type...space navy?? But the chosen character class is not strictly so for the whole game, you can of course upgrade off-class capabilities. So yeah gameplay in short is about combating various opponents, finding keycards for necessary progression and various more actual end objectives. But there is much more to it..play the damn game!- You're not some overpowered one man army. You are as any class at beginning of the game most centrally, damn vulnerable and not able to smoothly slaughter herds of enemies left and right. At mid-late game though, you more or less, prowl Von Braun and ------------ confidently, becoming the hunter somewhat instead of the hunted.Cons:- None at the time I remember, been a while since I completed this game, will update this once I get farther ingame.If you want a nerverackingly tense and suspenseful cyberpunk fps rpg survival horror game, this is for you.I recommend installing SS2Tool by the way."
,Recommended,238210,11122927,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Paddy,The biggest shock to my system that this game delivered was the realization that I was dueling cybernetic fireball throwing monkeys in space with a laser rapier in my pants at 4am instead of sleeping and dreaming the exact same thing in a slightly higher resolution
76561198001434757,Recommended,238210,26363794,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Small Wood,'What is it like to be afraid?'Now I know...-The music-The always getting lost-The onslaught of death-The story-The setting-The no microtransactions-The interesting mechanics♥♥♥♥ing buy this game. ITS SICK!!!!!!!(Although a tad too aged)
,Recommended,238210,12410330,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Rrigarsio,"1999.Ken Levine, in co-develope with Irrational Games and Looking Glass Studios, brought us one of the most expected sequel of the last century. System Shock 2. Mixing RPG, FPS, Survival Horror and Adventure.After 30 years, TriOptimums went to bankruptcy and all the stock was bought by a Russian company named A. Korenchkin, who restored the company after a decade and its signing now weapon contracts with politicians and military organizationes.Then 12 after the events in Citadel TriOptimum is restored, in fact is now testing a new FTL ship, called the Von Braun which is not alone. Another ship is following it, named Rickenbacker. Why? Simple, Rickenbacker does not have a FTL device, so it needs to be ""attached"" to the Von Braum for the trip.5 months after and you´ll wake up in your cryo-tube inside the Von Braum to find out that something has happened there...This is just an introduction about the plot, which is very interesting. Now lets move to the gameplay.System Shock uses the Dark Engine (yep the same as Thief: Dark Project) but it is slightly different. It wasnt finished so the programmers were fixing bugs when encountered. BUT this only makes things better, because they were working closely with the engine code allowing them to ""create"" or ""write"" additional features. Thats why we said that the Dark Engine in SS2 is the Enhanced Dark Engine. In addition to this fact the DE (Dark Engine) was able to display a wide variety of colored lighting, thats why SS2 uses some tricks with lighting and sounds to create a perfect atmosphere of terror.The worst part about the DE is the limit in the polygons (only 1024), but this can be fixed with some mods, besides if you´re not a Graphic ♥♥♥♥♥ you´ll deal with it.As i said above, this game has consciousness about his best points, sound and lighting, but we are not talking about screamers. We are talking about subtle Terror full of hues, as the good terror-touch should be. Just an example, during the game, youll heard the enemies claiming this response ""We are part of the many"" this ""many"" is the ""Hive"" created by the enemies to defeat the human beings in the ships, now they know (and WE know) that you are alone, and they try to delve into that fact to psychically destroy you.As for the RPG, SS2 keeps a good Skill-System that allows you to perform a wide variety of actions during the game, this is possible with the ""Cyber-modules"" given as rewards for searching or completing objectives. But this is a good CRPG system so you wont be able to upgrade EVERYTHING. Here it is why:-First, it encourages you to replay the game. Every skill build will be different, each one will provide you something, and EVERYTHING can be a tool to achieve your goal, win the game.-Secondly, and the most remarkable. It adds difficulty to the game. Difficulty its not a way to qualify a game. But it helps to define it, here in SS2 you wont be able to restore your Cybermodules, they are limited, valuable and its use will reward you, so be mindful of your purpose.-Thirdly, motivation. Want to be the best Psico/Hacker/Soldier/etc..? Give your best. Dont expect to be the best being a passive-player, the more you risk the more you´ll achieve. Some room will have nanites (money) or another item that you need, and OF COURSE they´ll be enemies around, turrets or security robots, so break your mind, build up your tactic and try to overcome adversity in order to improve your character.Apart from CRPG, Adventure and Horror the shooter part is so well oiled, i mean seriously you have an entire arsenal to use, every weapon has its own stats, effects and mechanics, so you can ALWAYS get another weapon, avoiding that bland part in every game when you only get 1 weapon for all things...Also the game includes a degradation and maintenance of the weapons and a variety of ammo.Back in the day this game was relevant, nice scores, many awards, positives reviews...But only the time bring System Shock 2 to the summit, it has a lot of followers, a Cult Follower, an active community of modders since 1999... I know that i left a lot of things in the inkwell, but this game is that sort of game that must be played, not read."
76561198053286557,Recommended,238210,31923529,Posted: 23 May,all,Axxxel,"If you don't own the game:   Your flesh is an insult to the perfection of the digital.If you just bought it:   Not bad... for a pathetic insect.If you just started it:   Are you afraid? What is it that you fear? The end of your trivial existence?If you think you've mastered it:   You move like an insect. You think like an insect. You are an insect.If you finished it:   Thank you for running my errands, puppet. You are no longer welcome here, nuisance. Why do you stay, when you sense my displeasure?"
76561198118067091,Recommended,238210,28460808,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Bacubi,"You know what's so special about this game? The fact that the graphics are bad. Well, I mean you can improve them with mods which make them look ok, but nothing compared to what today's games can accomplish. That means that the only way this game maintains it's horror aspect is through crushingly oppressive atmosphere, and sound design. Most of the voice acting is very good, and results in a convincing sense of urgency and panic. I heard in a different review for this game that a part of the voice acting that makes it so good and adds to the atmosphere is that the characters don't sound dramatic, they only wish to be heard in a hopes that someone will recieve the message. Other parts of the sound design hold up very well. (some of it even sounds still today very disturbing.) Before I go any further, I must mention the writing is also superb. The hybrids sound scary and tortured, begging you the protagonist to put them out of their misery. The humans sound scared and panicked adding more to the loneliness of the atmosphere. And the cyborg midwifes are beyond terrifying, their humanity washed away by mechanical brainwash, and their monotone voices muttering the most unrealistic yet perfectly written dialogue that makes you almost want to avoid them entirely. (This is my personal experience, tell me how you reacted to them when you get to deck three.) I'm not mentioning anything about the rpg mechanics just because I feel like the game is worth playing just for the atmosphere, I am stunned how well this game still terrifies after eighteen years. Play it, it is definitely worth it. This system shock games are terrific, and I feel they should get moer recognition compared to the bioshock games. (While great games as well, I do not feel they hold up nearly as well if you think on a broader spectrum.) Enjoy the game, it is amazing even to this day."
,Recommended,238210,32052899,Posted: 29 May,all,Lonewolf,"This is a must to play game. The game is hard even if you are on the easiest difficulty. Pretty scary and really but really fun to play.Buy this on sale, you won't regret."
,Recommended,238210,26926155,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Crøwlfr,Your flesh betrays you.The Many sings to us.Your song is not ours.The Many are STRONG!Uuuuurrrrgh KILL ME!
,Recommended,238210,7925342,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,stgggs,play on easy or else ur gonna get madder than u were on 9/11
,Recommended,238210,18308294,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,chuckles n chestnuts,"I probably won’t be saying much of what has already been said about this game, but in my opinion System Shock 2 is one of the most pivotal games to hit the market.  System Shock 2 arguably created a type of genre that has been and is still being mimicked/used to this day in the gaming market; and that genre is what I call the FPS/RPG survival hybrid; you see this ‘inventory and upgrade’ based system in many of today’s games for both survival and shooter style games alike.  System Shock 2, although somewhat antiquated for today’s standards was very groundbreaking for its time (this could be said about both SS1 and 2), but without saying more repetitive rhetoric that’s already been said I will get down to the pro/con list in this game that I think is appropriate:Pros:-Groundbreaking FPS/RPG hybrid that works very well even to today’s standards.-Very immersive atmosphere (it really does feel like your there).-Fluid and extremely customizable and varied control scheme system (you can even save your control scheme setup!).-Varied options in terms of playstyle and choice of weaponry.-Various interesting choices and options that actually make you THINK in which a lot of modern games today even lack.-Small options and features that only add to the immersion such as weapon customization and maintenance, hacking games, inventory management perks and sub-perks, and a currency system for hacking and the purchasing of items via ‘value-rep/vending machines’ (you can even add markers on the mini map and name them as well as add markers in the level in real-time).-Occurrences in the game that were some of the first of their kind (‘meeting shodan’ for example).-A game engine that seems to have stood the test of time (with the recent (and even old) updates to the game it runs extremely fluid on pretty much all modern systems).-Fun and satisfying combat.-The game creates an overall feeling of fear and tension that was done well.-Interesting and diverse enemies to fight against.-Very high replay value.Cons:-Some of the options available for upgrade/purchase can be redundant and useless (although every option does have its uses depending on playstyle and skill level of the player).-Some minor bugs/exploits.-cyber interface and control scheme can be somewhat complicated for new players.Overall I consider System Shock 2 to be one of my few personal all-time favorite games and I place it high on my list.  I feel that if you enjoy FPS games and like deep immersion you really should consider giving this game a try.My rating breakdown:-.1 some redundant upgrade and weapon choices dependent somewhat upon playstyle-.1 minor bugs/exploits(10-.2 = 9.8)Final rating of 9.8/10"
76561198083270241,Recommended,238210,10074195,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Laumiel,"Just as good in 2014 as it was in 1999. Fantastic atmosphere, gameplay and story."
76561198003375153,Recommended,238210,25573062,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Default_META,"I've played this when it came out, and I still haven't found anything with better sound design.You are in danger, and your ears are your best chance to avoid it.Is that sparking noise a broken panel, or a killer robot around the next corner?You can tell where you are in the ship just by the ambient engine hum, and there's nothing quite like hearing a cyborg midwive's lullaby while you are low on health."
,Recommended,238210,22770791,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Robert Mipp,"One of the best games of all time and masterfully crafted by one of the best game developers to ever have existed, System Shock 2 stands proud as a paragon of game design. The atmosphere, gameplay, story, and sound design are all so top notch that I have doubts any game will ever surpass it. If you can handle the immense difficulty, terrifying horror, and somewhat dated graphics, then by all means pick up this game and play it through to the finish. It is, at the very least, worth a playthrough in order to better understand one of the highest-praised video games in history."
,Recommended,238210,11327309,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Reakor,"System Shock 2 is truly the pinnacle of Sci-Fi horror. It combines complex, deep and challenging gameplay into one sweet result. The game feels overwhelming at first but once you get past the 2 or 3 hours mark you slowly start to understand how the game works. The game's complex level design makes exploring very satisfying, and very rewarding too. Audio logs contains usefull passwords and stuff, really easy to miss. So its really important to look everywhere before continuing on. Enemies spawn at random too, so you can come back to an earlier zone and there will still be hybrids roaming around. Kinda forces you to stay on your guard at all times.The game features a pretty elaborate research system, too. If you pick up a strange item, you can research it and get damage bonus on certain enemies or even use the items as temporary upgrades on you. However there's a catch, you can't just research everything you want. You have to find special chemicals stored inside rooms in some levels. Not all levels share the same chemicals too, so you have to check in every room for the required chemicals. I thought that was pretty deep and well conceived. I thought there was too few items to reasearch too. theres maybe 10~ total.The game features an evil AI called Shodan. Probably my favorite antagonist in any game ever. The developpers made sure to handle the characther with great care, every single of her quotes are all very memorable and devilishly creepy. The atmostphere in this game is perfect. Don't let the old graphics scare you away. The graphics adds a certain charm to the game, there is nothing quite like the atmosphere you can find in System Shock 2. I believe its atsmophere is what makes the game so special in its own way.Hacking seems complicated at first, but it becomes pretty simple when you discover that you cant do anything about it and that your hacking stats does everything for you. Basicly, you just have to click the blue squares and hope something good happens! Its a good idea to upgrade every hacking skills though. The game actually requires you to hack something to make progress. So you cant run away from it.All in all i think its a fantastic game and is worth everyone's attention. Its captivating gameplay and atmosphere is sure to make any hardcore rpg fans very satisfied!"
76561197970969321,Recommended,238210,10651444,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,mrgoodwrench572,Killed a monkey and got a bag of chips. 10/10
,Recommended,238210,23877742,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Dalopi,"First time ever playing System Shock. Wow! This game is a well developed psychological horror game. Obviously the graphics are lackluster, but that's the ONLY noticeable weakness. I would highly recommend this game to someone who appreciates a good mind-blowing experience in the form of sci-fi RPG.OverallPros> Pacing of the game is oustanding - There wasn't a moment where my character felt invicible> Leveling and inventory system add replayablity value> Amazing story concept> Spooky ambient throught the game creates tension throught the entire game> Online Co-op multiplayer (though I have yet to try it)Cons> Graphics - seriously I would LOVE to see a new Source version of this game released (if it hasn't already).10/10"
,Recommended,238210,22135145,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Lewd,System Shock 3 confirmed
,Recommended,238210,33121480,Posted: 2 July,all,Levinator!,"Some quick tips: SAVE AMMO EARLY GAME. When you find the Ice Hacking tools, literally don't use any of them, you will thank me once you make it to the very end. Be careful about investing in too much agility, it honestly kind of breaks some of the physics.Just finished this game, and I have to say I'm glad I played it. As a huge fan of Bioshock, I think it was extremely cool to see how this game influenced pretty much every immersive sim that came after it.This game absolutelynailsatmosphere. It is a truly creepy game, and oftentimes I found myself getting legitamately frightened (I'll admit that I jump easy). The sound design in this game is better than most modern games today. The lighting and textures do an incredible job of adding to this effect. Some people like the soundtrack, for me I just turned it off. The techno was just too much. I like the quiet, eerie feeling you get when the spaceship is still silent after getting in a fight.The world building is unbelievably good. If  anyone has played bioshock, the way in which the narrative is built and progresses is pretty much exactly the same. The various tapes you find on the ship along with Polito's additions brings a lot to the narrative. I mean seriously, this game has great worldbuilding.Now for some negatives.In general, at the very very end, the game feels more rushed and unpolished in comparison with what we saw earlier. I think this is forgivable, since 90% of the game is practically flawless, with the exception of some lackluster level and boss design.The physics and controls are just absolutely infuriating sometimes. Fall damage makes no sense most of the time. Ladders are absolutely trash. If you have too much agility, it will throw a lot of things off. I don't think this is as much of a problem since the game is so old and things were not really well refined quite yet, but it sure does make the game ridiculously frustrating to play sometimes. Really only noticed this towards the end however, when it seemed like the game started implementing more platforming.Spoilers from here on out.My problems with the narrative is that it kind of gets rushed towards the end. And the ending itself is just EYEROLL CHEESY. I could not believe how terrible the last few minutes of dialogue were. It's like they spent the entire game building this incredible eerie feeling, and then just smashed it to pieces with Dude Nukem tier dialogue.""NAH.""This is my absolute biggest problem with the game. I just can't believe they ended it so poorly. It really just feels like a totally different game for two minutes. It's so dissapointing. But, not so disapointing that it actually ruins the game. I'm still very happy I played it. But man, come on Looking Glass. Why did you go so cheesy.All in all, this is really a landmark game, and if you play it, you'll know why. It is really unforgiving, but gratifying at the same time. I am willing to say this game is a stroke of genius, flaws and all. Play this game, educate yourself, and just enjoy one of the best game narratives and atmospheres ever created.8/10"
,Recommended,238210,20319958,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,XALE,"This game is old. However, it does so many things right that even modern video games can't get right.If you like old, classic games, or just want to visit for a nostalgia trip of 90s gaming this game is a must buy! It is one of the best by far!Pros:- Voice acting is CRISP CLEAN! Even the audio logs (or whatever they're called).-Atmosphere is great (makes you really feel you're in a screwed up situation)-One of the best villains of all time (Shodan <3)-Amazing horror elements-Alright story (my opinion)-Great level designCons-There are WAY too many audio logs-AI can be ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ at times-Sometimes it's hard even on Easy mode.-I never got into using PSI very often.-The UI isn't perfect. It's a bit clunky.-The normal weapon recoil is just stupid.-They could have done a better job on the tutorial.-I never got multiplayer to workOverall, despite the issues it has it is quickly overcome when you get used to it. And it's a smooth experience there after.**** There are no friendly NPCs in the game due to the memory limitations from the 90s. I refused to put it on the list as a con as it was a problem way back in 1999 and they really can't do anything about it now. But yes, due to this the game can get pretty lonely at times. You just want to see a friendly face after a while.*But hey! There are mods to make your experience better ya know! ;)Buy this game immediately! Or buy it on a sale like I did for a $1.50. System Shock 2 is a steal for that price! Because yes, there are better games for the same price or even lower. So I'd recommend waiting for a sale. But either way this game is worth every penny.This game sits on one of my favourite games of all time! It's good! It's fun! It gives a good experience! And has one of the most memorable villains of all time! Shodan <3My overall score to System Shock 2 is a 8/10.Despite its problems it's well worth for its time.It's a must buy."
,Recommended,238210,1433338,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,DocSeuss,"This is the greatest video game ever made.I realize that's a hard sell.It's also the truth, at least, in my own personal opinion. Rebind the keys, check out PC Gaming Wiki's modding guide to improve the archaic graphics, put on some headphones, stick it up on a good-sized monitor (something that takes up a lot of your field of view, ideally), get past the initial opening hump, and experience the game that inspired so many greats, from Bioshock to Portal, Dead Space to Fallout 3.System Shock 2 is the game that inspired a friend of mine to say ""hey, you're right, Doc, it is better than Bioshock!"" One of the highest-rated games of all time, but System Shock 2 outdoes it. It's a better horror game, a better adventure game, a better RPG, and an all-around better game than Bioshock. Its widespread influence on gaming is undeniable, and at least, if not more influential, than Half-Life.Yeah, it's old, so it looks ugly and doesn't have the kind of animation quality you might find in a newer game. Yeah, the weapons degrade, and some people don't like that. Yeah, the key bindings are weird and awful. But it's great. This game has some of the best atmosphere and storytelling you'll ever encounter, and the experience will sear itself into your brain, the way staring at the sun sears itself onto your eyeballs.You may play games you think are better, but you'll be hard-pressed to admit that this isn't one of the best games of all time.There is no better horror game than this. There are fewer, if any, better gaming narratives than this. Nothing possesses the same emotional highs and lows, even when almost directly copying the game, as Bioshock and Dead Space did.Remember Citadel. Remember 45100. Have a blast. You won't regret trying."
,Recommended,238210,12369181,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Faux Rhinoceros,"A very complex game. It has a lot of RPG elements in it, and i wouldn't recommend it to people who doesn't have the patience for such things. With that out of the way, this game excels in most of the things it sets out to. Combat can feel wonky due to the stiff animations, but with character stats, backpack management, weapon management (including repairing jammed weapons, unloading guns before throwing them away, modifying and improving them. ), psionics (think plasmids from bioshock, but more difficult to use and a much broader range of abilities), research of foreign materials and navigation via maps and signs, you'll be too busy to be bothered.Creepy atmosphere, creepy enemies and creepy political undertones. Groundbreaking game.Verdict: 7/10"
,Recommended,238210,33741482,Posted: 23 July,all,mentatparadigm,"What can be said about System Shock 2 that hasn't already been said? This is one of the most well crafted and influential games ever made. The Deus Ex series borrowed heavily from it. The BioShock series was its spiritual successor. Even Prey (2017) copied many of its mechanics and setting, more than 18 years later.Like its predecessor, System Shock 2 combines RPG elements with FPS gameplay. You awake aboard the starship Von Braun after an extended cryosleep with cybernetic enhancements that you may or may not have consented to being implanted into your body.  The ship's A.I. has gone rogue and all of the crew have either been killed or transformed into mutant hybrid monsters who beg you to kill them... while they're leveling a shotgun at your head.When you start the game, you're given the choice of selecting a class, presented here as 3 branches of the military - Marines, Navy, or O.S.A. The choice only really affects your starting stats and you're free to develop your character however you like after that. Be a hacker who relies on melee weapons, an army grunt who uses heavy weapons, a Black Ops agent utilizing Psi-powers, or any combination thereof.I don't want to say much about the story - if you somehow haven't had it spoiled for you yet, then you're in for a treat. All I'll say is this: There's a reason that System Shock 2 still dominates most ""Best Videogame Villains"" lists.Yes, the game has become a bit dated over the years, though the modding community has mitigated this somewhat. There are mods to play the game in high res widescreen resolutions as well as replace the models and textures. They won't add modern effects like realtime lighting or anything but they'll bring the graphics up to about the quality of a PS2 game. I say this only to keep your expectations in check if you've somehow managed to avoid playing this absolute classic until now. An absolute must play for any and every PC gamer."
76561198041270678,Recommended,238210,25182069,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,TheSilentKnight,"Should you play this game?Short Answer:Yes- I’d certainly recommend it. This game is lauded as one of the greatest PC games of yesteryear for a reason- and I can see why it has afforded such lavish praise. So long as you are a fan of first person action RPGs with horror elements, as well as the admittedly familiar setting of “abandoned space ship crawling with monsters”, I would say you only stand to gain from playing this game. However, I found that there was a learning curve to surpass before I was able to fully enjoy the game (although this may differ for other people)- so be aware of that.Long Answer:Background Info:First person action/survival horror RPG, developed by Looking Glass Studios and Irrational Games. System Shock 2 is one third of the triumvirate of quintessential PC games from the past, alongside Thief: The Dark Project and Deus Ex. The game was made using the Dark Engine- a fact that I consider important and will address later on.Gameplay:The game plays out as an action RPG primarily, with the survival horror elements taking a backseat. The game controls very well- not much more to say there. Gameplay-wise, I was expecting the game to play out like Doom 3 (a game similar to SS2 in both genre and premise). I was expecting to be thrown into the game, issued an objective and I would pick up a variety of weapons throughout the game to make killing the denizens of the space ship easier on my way to the end.I was pleasantly surprised to find that I was mistaken. Instead, SS2 treated me to a huge array of action RPG options, such as a detailed and nuanced skills system, armour and an arsenal of weapons that caters to many playstyles. I was shocked to see how detailed these gameplay systems were when considering the somewhat limited setting of the game. They’re the kind of systems that I would expect to see in an open-world game such as Fallout rather than the confines of SS2’s space ship. Nevertheless, these mechanics give the game huge scope for replayability.Put briefly, there are four areas that you can spend your upgrade points on: Combat, Tech, Psi, and Stats. There is a lot on offer, especially when you consider that the Psi category has 5 whole categories of skills. This is one of the reasons for the learning curve. There’s such a huge array of choice that I felt overwhelmed at first- as I didn’t know what to upgrade in order to see everything on offer in the game (word to the wise- invest some points in hacking and research: they’re necessary to beat the game). It took me a good few restarts until I had devised a skillset that I was happy with, but when I did reach that point I had a lot of fun afterwards.Similarly, the skills system isn’t explained very well. Instead of picking your starting skills from a menu and then beginning the game; you are booted into a tutorial wherein starting skill acquisition is linked with ingame lore (Eg. Navy=Tech, Marines=Combat etc.). The whole process is longwinded, boring and individual skills are very poorly explained- which only compounds the issue of a learning curve.Final Verdict:The depth of SS2’s gameplay systems makes them the game’s greatest strength, in my opinion. However, the skill system lacks clarity- establishing a learning curve which could deter new players. I recommend perseverance- it’s worth it.Soundtrack:The soundtrack is fantastic. It matches the game’s cyber, futuristic setting and each tune is memorable. However, while the soundtrack does match the game’ssetting, it does not match the game’sgenrequite so much (IE the survival horror aspect). For me, the music didn’t connote an eerie, oppressive atmosphere as much as it did a fast-paced, frantic one. This is one of the reasons why I consider the game more of an action RPG than a survival horror. There is one notable exception near the end of the game though; one level where your only companion is your footsteps and the ambience of the stage.Final Verdict:The OST perfectly matches the setting, but not so much the genre. Whether or not this is a good thing is debatable, but I for one am glad that we got an enjoyable, memorable soundtrack.Story and Setting:Thankfully you don’t need to have played the original System Shock to appreciate this game’s story. The general gist of the story is that the player wakes up from cryosleep aboard the space ship known as the Von Braun to discover that it is overrun with creatures. They are then tasked with escaping by a benefactor at the other end of the communication device.The rest of the game’s story is mostly left to the player to figure out; namely via acquiring audio logs that shed more light on the events that led up to the ship’s downfall. Thus the main body of the game’s plot is available via optional collectibles. This could have been problematic for players who don’t stray from the beaten path, but thankfully the developers have accounted for this. Specifically, exploration is essential in SS2. It’s not just encouraged- it’s necessary. Some audio logs contain codes for doors, for example. Ergo even if you’re not directly searching for further insight into the plot, you’ll probably end up finding it anyway due to the emphasis on exploration. The plot itself is adequate- not too interesting or unique; however let’s just say that the antagonist of the game is iconic for good reason.Final Verdict:Although the story itself isn’t too special, the way in which it’s presented to the player is well done. In terms of this narrative style, a close comparison would be Dark Souls (although without the ambiguity).Game Engine and Graphics:The graphics are acceptable- not very detailed but also not unpleasant to look at. As for the game engine, I find the choice of using the Dark Engine slightly questionable. After all, this engine’s biggest asset is its audio capabilities- as the player’s footsteps change depending on the surface being walked on. Thief played to this strength very well- because it was a stealth game. SS2, on the other hand, does not. You can still hear your footsteps and how they change, but this ability doesn’t factor into gameplay at all. The lack of this strength accentuates the weaknesses of the engine- such as weird character models (which makes the enemies look ridiculous and often funny instead of scary) and some muddy textures.Final Verdict:SS2 could have been more effective in most departments if it had played more to the strengths of its game engine. I question the use of the Dark Engine; however I can understand it given Looking Glass Studios’ involvement in the game (since they designed the engine themselves).Conclusion:SS2's biggest strength lies in the most important part of any game (in my opinion): the gameplay. The systems are detailed, there’s a myriad of gameplay choices and above all it’sfun. This strength supersedes all of the weaknesses for me and I strongly recommend that you play the game if only for this aspect. The soundtrack is excellent as well, and compliments the setting and fast-paced gameplay very well.The story is adequate, but presented in an interesting way. The biggest weakness for me is the poorly explained skill systems and the choice of game engine; however even these flaws weren’t enough to hinder my enjoyment overall. As soon as I passed the learning curve I enjoyed the game until the very end. Final note: if you are thinking of buying the game only for the fear factor, I wouldn’t recommend it. I wasn’t scared at all, due in most part to the ridiculous-looking enemies and utter lack of a scary atmosphere (although this is a subjective matter). Nevertheless, I whole-heartedly recommend this game and I believe it deserves the lofty praise it receives."
76561197970916475,Recommended,238210,28932619,Posted: 2 January,all,(N☆G) Jackal ★JJ★,Easily one of my top favorite games in history.Best single player experience I've had aside from Oblivion and Half-Life 1
76561198002024935,Recommended,238210,26286653,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Cucco Lion,Amazing all the way through.  It has aged well.
,Recommended,238210,30363421,Posted: 6 March,all,Zer@tul,True hardcore game with amazing labyrinth locations which are so unusual and tough after modern railroad games. Real challenge. Not for everyone. And be ready to google in some moments. Dont even imagine how people played it wihout accessible internet when game was released...
76561198129113524,Recommended,238210,31326310,Posted: 23 April,all,Steve Back,"I was asked again and again to play this game by a family member, on the grounds that this is a gaming experience not to be missed. They were right. System Shock 2 is a tense, sometimes frenetic first-person action game which expertly incorporates RPG-elements that enable the player to level up to meet the demands of the difficulty curve without ever allowing the player to feel too powerful. The system is fantastic: you ""receive"" levelling-up points as rewards for completing certain tasks, but are also rewarded for thorough exploration of the large, non-linear levels by finding them in unexpected places. You can then select which areas to improve your character at certain points in the game - you can't just level-up anywhere without finding them first. This provides a unique tension and real incentive to spend a lot of time with the game.The story is told brilliantly through the use of audio logs - a method that has influenced many games such as BioShock and Doom 3. Like Thief's documents and readable books, this creates not just a game level but a real sense of place. The gunplay becomes more satisfying as you progress through the game, but you can save a lot of ammo with melee combat - but you need to be careful doing this as many enemies are either too tough or too fast for you to catch them. There is also a fantastic research function - where you can improve your chances of killing enemies by analysing their body parts. It's surprisingly fun and is a clear predecessor to BioShock's research camera feature. You are also incentivised to be careful with your weapons and use them sparingly as they don't last forever without a bit of TLC!There is only one notable problem I thought (be warned): this game has respawning enemies! And it's not just easy enemies that respawn too - sometimes the big, tough ones come back too. This wouldn't be worth mentioning if it sometimes wasn't blatantly obvious that they didn't pop up out of nowhere!But that said, this is still a fantastic game some years after being released - the levels are all interconnected so you can go back anywhere if you want to, and it's a challenging but fun and immersive experience. It's amazing that this was made using the same engine and level editor as Thief: the games share a DNA but are delightfully different in terms of environment and story. Play this game if you're into FPSes or horror or role-players, or anything else really!"
,Recommended,238210,26279230,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,RAIZO,"So I finally got around to beating System Shock 2 and I have to say I’m impressed. Even after all these years, not unlike the original 2 Thief games, SS2 holds up quite well even by today’s standards. The story is immersive and given that this series was the precursor for the Bioshock series, there are RPG elements related to how you level your character’s attributes which actually have an impact on how the game plays out (i.e. if you increase you hack skill enough you’ll be able to instantly perform a security override without the need to actually hack anything when one of those annoying security cams sees you, granted you’ll still need to find the nearest security interface to do so... but still).The premise of the game, though not necessarily unique in the plot twist it presents, essentially has you teaming up with Shodan (the AI main baddie from SS – totally hot!) to stop the AI Xerxes (not to be confused with the bling’d-out god king from 300 – total d-bag!) controlling the vessel you’re on, among other things. There are droids, security bots, zombie droids, egg sacks, turrets, spiders, larval worm things, monkeys, monsters and mutant freaks aplenty to be found throughout the game. To combat them you can make use of a Psi device with various properties, like kinesis or a cryo blast, and there are firearms as well. However, those things aside, nothing beats the wrench that you’ll gain access to early on – just level your strength up all the way and smite thine foes into oblivion!!Sure, the graphics are a little clunky and there are a few wonky things going on with the AI in the game itself at times, but any pseudo horror/sci-fi game is worth a go and the idea of a sentient AI running amok has never been creepier than in this series that paved the way for so much else, the least of which is the now legendary Bioshock series."
76561197970634851,Recommended,238210,28646379,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,doc_block,"This is one of the best games ever made IMHO. SS2 is suspenseful, creepy, and at times disturbing, without using cheap jump scares."
,Recommended,238210,23310304,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Cas,This game showed me that my irrational fear of primates isn't reasonless after all.
76561198055537229,Recommended,238210,32981839,Posted: 29 June,all,Gardegnome,"Freaking horrifying. System Shock 2 is probably one of the most pulse-pounding and unsettling games I've played in recent memory. The visuals are very dated, but given that the game is from almost two decades ago, I think to expect anything more in the first place is rather silly. In my opinion, the simplistic visuals only add to the disturbing atmosphere, as things feel very artificial and unnerving throughout. Naturally, the controls are initially pretty clunky and uncooperative, but can be easily changed to serve the player very well.Truly the only real flaws of this game are (to my mind, at least) due to its age. If one maintains just a little patience with the 90's clunk factor, System Shock 2 is a rewardingly disturbing horror experience, indeed."
,Recommended,238210,16453551,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,The Crazy Gringo,For $0.99 it's a no brainer.Sucks you in immediately and I've lost count how many hours I've had fun playing this great game over the years.
,Recommended,238210,11084703,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,NihilistyK,"The only game with a great atmosphere, superb storytelling, and the ability to eat a bag of chips off a vivesected psychic monkey."
,Recommended,238210,11902194,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Th4ts_iT,"An awesome classic game!System Shock 2 is horror or spooky RPG/FPS. You fight monsters that are transforming out of human.The story is simple but nice and has some surprises.The best of the game is the atmosphere for me! The most I liked is the cool voice editing I guess. Regulary you hear some voices in your head and these are edited quite good. The creepiness comes along with scary monsters and creepy voices. The monsters respawn randomly so you actually can never cool down. Additionally, you are alone all over.The RPG part consists of a skill system. So you can hack consolses and more but you have to have the knowledge for example.Moreover, there's a research system and for some objects you have to find chemicals. I really like that idea.Altough System Shock 2 is from 1999 it's great. It's a classic game. I really like old games. You too? Then don't wait to buy this game it's really worth it!"
,Recommended,238210,23921295,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Hammarn,"One word for this game: Amazing.It's truly ahead of its time and is really unique. The story is really good and the gameplay is also pretty solid, but you might want to rebind some keys first.Really in-depth RPG elements with adventure makes this game truly amazing, the only downside is maybe that the game isn't really made for Co-op so dont waste your time with multiplayer.Score: 9/10"
76561198045984390,Recommended,238210,29460366,Posted: 24 January,all,TypeOhh,THIS IS THE GAME THAT IN 2010 GOT ME INTO PC GAMINING. THAT SAYS SOMETHING.
76561198059073982,Recommended,238210,12832786,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Yammjams,"This is a very hard game, but that's what makes it so good. I underestimated how scary this game would be because the graphics are basically♥♥♥♥♥♥ very old game, but damn it's ♥♥♥♥ing scary. Truly creepy as hell atmosphere. One of the scariest games I've played and I loved it! GET THIS GAME!"
,Recommended,238210,31895920,Posted: 21 May,all,Mr. Skeletal,You youngings need respect for your elders!
76561198062715656,Recommended,238210,23440730,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Punished Rushya,"System Shock 2 is gaming perfection. It sets up a fantasticaly scary atmosphere (turn the music off if you wanna be scared), amazing in depth RPG mechanics, alot of replayablility, fantastic story that does not hold you hand and the perfect enclosed setting.  The layout of the ship is completely amazing, each part of the ship has a purpose showing how much attention to detail and effort that was put into the creation of the vessle.9/10 buy this♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,238210,26789297,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Forevener,"Ignore playtime, because I've disconnected SS2 from Steam to install newest SS2tool and some mods.This game is really good. Like, unbelievably good. So much better than Bioshock and stuff - it's not even funny. Atmosphere is dense, interface is nice, gameplay is deep. Controls do feel unresponsive sometimes, but still.Also, 'buggy' coop was not buggy at all for me and my friend (with latest SS2tool, at least) - excluding couple desynchronisations between levels, but they are easily remedied by saving before changing level.And another good thing - it was quite fun in coop. Not sure if it's better than singleplayer, more like another kind of experience, but still entertaining.So, if you haven't played this game (and if you have nothing against dated graphics - but again, mods), I can easily recommend it to you. It's golden classics."
,Recommended,238210,10466090,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Lymanity,"This will be a review for people who have never played the game.Should you care about this game and why? It's over a decade old and you've got these people yammering on about how good it is, and now you might be wondering if you should bother with it or not.This is the first time I've played this game and I have to say that there is some excellence to be found here and some annoyances, just like in any good game.This is an FPS with RPG elements, with heavy emphasis on RPG. You'll want to research a bit about character creation before you start, or you could just have a go at it, if you don't mind maybe having to restart half way through.The sound design in this game is what really makes it for me. I turned the music off as soon as I started. The atmospheric sounds really hit the spot. I played with 2.1 speakers (that's two speakers and a sub) and it really worked that sub. The character logs in the game are fully voiced. You can also replay the logs and you will probably have to because sometimes you'll be walking along, listening to a log and a scripted log will come up, playing the two simultaneously, which was kind of annoying.You'll want to reconfigure the controls for a more modern set up. WSAD and all that good stuff. The game feels pretty natural after you get set up.The gameplay, coupled with the forboding machinery and sound effects, is really tense. I found myself making extensive use of the leaning keys (Q and E) in order to peek around corners to see if I could get the drop on an enemy before they got one over on me.The story, while not a direct sequel, does borrow heavily from System Shock 1. Having never played the first in the series, the story still works for me because they fill you in on the basics in the intro.The level design is, for the most part, pretty good. I didn't have to wonder or wander too much in order to figure out where I was supposed to be and exploration was rewarding. Things start getting a little weird near the end and I have to say that, while at first, I felt the game was stretching out a bit for time, it ended up making me feel like the last two or three hours were a necessary trial. BTW, there's no waypoint markers, in case you were wondering, but then what's the point of exploring if you've always got an arrrow telling you where to go??So, if you can deal with reconfiguring controls, dated graphics (there's a few texture resizing mods that are good), some old fashioned exploration without waypoints, and the last few hours feeling a little like a hail mary denouement, it is pretty good.I don't have the rose-tinted glasses to tell you that it's a cornerstone of PC gaming or that everyone who has business calling themselves a gamer should have played it, but I would say that I might actually play it again someday and that's not something I say often."
,Recommended,238210,34198315,Posted: 12 August,all,Brian C. (The Schmaltzy Cynic),"System Shock, the original, is a game that has forever impacted the gaming landscape whether or not you have played the original as its influences have expanded beyond its spiritual successor, Bio Shock, or other games that have taken its core ideas of immersive sims such as the Deus Ex games as well as PREY (2017). Exploration-based storytelling through interactable objects such as emails, audio-logs and mixed in with heavy RPG elements that impact the player’s navigation through non-linear environments with multiple entrances and exits are all the cornerstone of System Shock, and unlike the original System Shock 2 is still as playable today as it was when first released—if you are willing to put up with a mechanically dated, though functional, system.Second Verse, Insect, Same As the FirstIn my previous review of the original System Shock, my main issue was not that it didn’t hold up to modern standards as those aspects remained timeless but that the enemy behaviors/difficulty and narrative had issues as a result of designing its gameplay around its convoluted interface. These aspects are the main sources of improvement of System Shock 2 as it’s not so much of a sequel as it is a reboot with all the same core ideas.For starters, the interface is much less complicated by making an entire FPS with an inventory button that doesn’t pause the game but allows players to use items, repair weapons or exchange different sorts of ammo that is more intuitive than Ultima Underworld-inspired periscope view with tabs of the original. This design has largely stayed the same for these types of games as PREY (2017) incorporates the same general idea with a pause menu instead/quick-wheel rather than an overlay. As a result, the gameplay holds up to standardized controls which is a godsend because the game is difficult.Unlike contemporary games that have taken the spliced the DNA of System Shock this game is heavily influenced by its RPG mechanics on the core gunplay that will make for an experience that becomes better the more player is familiar with it. While cyber-modules are plentiful as well as the resources in every level, the scarcity between levels as well as the high damage outputs keeps players from ever feeling safe or over-powered unless they know how to create builds to make them feel godlike.Maintence of the player's tools is one additional means of balancing out the destructive capabilities of the player while also adding tension that a gun may jam or degrade with every confrontation that could be avoided. All these aspects of fighting and of evading are core to what makes System Shock 2 the defintive immersive sim experience.This is similar to Deus Ex, yet even the worthless skills like Research yield far more usefulness for the player than the useless skills like Swimming. The new additions of ammo types as well as implant-boosts helps make an RPG/FPS that isn’t about looting or the numbers themselves but how the player uses their tools to create their own solutions in a given situation.So An Untethered AI and a Hive-Mind Alien Organism Walk Into A Space Station…Tell me if you have heard this one before: The player wakes up in the aftermath of a mass catastrophe in an isolated area full of madmen and security threats while also following multiple voices telling the player where to go and what to do along with confronting the player with extremes of an ideology that has led to the devastation in the first place. This set-up has been codified into these types of immersive sim experiences that always use the 0451-callback reference as a reference to the original System Shock, yet this standard was solidified more so in the second game than the first.In the original, the Hacker was the avatar of the player as they navigated Citadel station against the taunts of an unshackled AI, SHODAN, who modified the technology to secure the station as her home as well as create cybernetic minions to do her bidding. The TriOptimum corporation was simply a research megacorporation that while nefarious in their influence of Earth’s government never truly made them into an opposing viewpoint on the benefits of AI whereas SHODAN was an extreme with no remorse. The result was a storyline that favored one side greatly as the other side was monstrously malicious to the player.System Shock 2 improves upon this issue by putting the player play a soldier in the power-grab between two destructive influences on the experimental vessel, Von Braun, between the returning egotistical AI within the mainframe of the ship and the influence of an alien threat with mental omnipresence referred to as The Many. The way in which both sides are presented are one as a  technologically based egocentric tyrant and the other as a hive-mind collective consciousness that seeks the destruction of the individual for the will of the many. Both threats retain their influence on the player by having total control of the station as they seek the destruction of one another with the player serving as the ethical, human intermediator of their demise. The result creates an uneasy alliance between the enemy of the player with a far greater threat much like how the Vox Populi are as bad, if not worse, than Father Comstock, and the experience of that truce creates some basis of understanding with an opposing viewpoint as the player plays as a cyborg; one part man, another machine.The narrative within System Shock 2 is far richer as a result of this minor, important change even though the narrative tricks used from the first game (audio/email logs, environmental storytelling, etc.) are retained in their entirety in the sequel with a little more polish. What wasn’t improved, and perhaps is more jarring here than the original because of its darker themes, is the ending as it is mechanically and narratively at odds with the whole game. In System Shock 2, the cybernetic deconstruction of reality leads to a final showdown with SHODAN that is only difficult because of how long of a fight it can be for players who do not expect it. This issue with the finale is not limited to the Shock games but also with immersive sims as a whole as the only games where the ending felt tailored to the gameplay was Deus Ex: Mankind Divided and PREY (2017).”We Die. Beware the Machine Mother; She is a Stranger to Everything We Cherish.”Similar to how Deus Ex’s themes remain timeless such as individual liberties at the risk of ever encroaching national security concerns promoted by the advancement of technology, System Shock 2’s themes will make the game ever more relevant to modern times.  Not only is the conflict of individualism versus collectivism an eons old human struggle but the advancement of our own technology questions the responsibilities as well as the barriers of how far humanity will have to go to prevent our extinction by our own artificial creations or by our discoveries into the unknown of the universe that can only be stopped through our technology. What do we gain? What do we lose in the process? In the aftermath, will we remain human, cybernetic creations manipulated by one construct’s will or the domination of an alien organism that controls our thoughts to rob our own identity?Whereas Deus Ex explores its questions in the limited scope of a mass conspiracy with as many philosophical quandaries as technological problems, the questions for System Shock 2 are not something the game ever attempts to provide all the answers. Instead, players are placed into these conflicts at the tipping point where humanity must decide how it must survive, and it’s through the player’s own resolve that he or she can surmount the menacing loneliness of space surrounded by as many machinations of life as of death, taunted by their voices seeking to rob the player of his or her humanity through the subjugation of the flesh or through the domination of our technology."
,Recommended,238210,22545859,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,David0vić,"Similar to the original deus ex in a lot of ways but unlike deus ex where i find certain mechanics like stealth for example a bit dated now, i always found nothing dated about system shock 2 and it still holds up very well today.It's atmosphere, level design, visual design and level of depth in its rpg mechanics is why i love this game. Great techno music during combat, great writing and a fun and creepy story.It's still an amazing game i just think that most gamers are spoiled with the hand holding in modern games and they will never be able to get into this kind of game and experience it which is sad. You have to figure out what you have to do and where you have to go by yourself. There is no magic waypoint all the time telling you where you need to go. You have to read logs to find codes for doors to progress and research specific items needed to progress using different chemicals that you have to find in the levels. You have to carefully manage your inventory and supplies throughout the whole game or you won't be able to progress. The game forces you to use your brain and you get a great sense of accomplishment when you complete a stage you have been on for hours (engineering).This game also rewards you very nicely for exploring every area of the game with items which encourages taking your time and exploring every area of the ship. This game has some of the best sound design of all time with the voice of shodan and the sounds of the ship and the music and sound effects etc. It's still honestly one of the best games ever made i would put it somewhere in my top 20 i can't really think of anything i dislike about it.10/10 (Masterpiece)"
,Recommended,238210,15539000,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Nirach,A game like a game should be! 10/10
,Recommended,238210,7342464,"Posted: 8 October, 2013",all,Hyperchaotic,Great cyberpunk game with interesting storyline and creepy atmosphere.
76561198137535356,Recommended,238210,24785350,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Kora,"System Shock 2 is one of the greatest games ever, and it's mind-blowing how much effort was put into it.  The numerous ways you can customize your cyber rig gives the game so much replay value."
76561198000722251,Recommended,238210,32698281,Posted: 23 June,all,claymore,Best. Game. Ever.
,Recommended,238210,824311,"Posted: 19 August, 2013",all,The Spooky Gentleman,"One of the best games I have ever played, and I'm not wearing rose tinted nostalgia glasses here; I played and completed this for the first time in 2013. Go on, see where the Bioshock series gets its roots!Also, Shodan is basically GLaDOS without the humour.Insane AI Trope out of Ten"
,Recommended,238210,31799260,Posted: 16 May,all,twitch.tv/dlauv🎃,"It's like Bioshock with a brain.  Gets a bit ♥♥♥♥♥♥ towards the end, but it's still all good."
,Recommended,238210,13857472,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,iplaybassoon,+Good horror atmosphere+Good Exploration+Good RPG elements+Very good length for price+Overall enjoyable experience-Punishing-Slightly glitchy-Most of difficulty comes from resource managementOverall recommendation level: 8/10
,Recommended,238210,29622741,Posted: 31 January,all,Conner,"Went in with very high expectations, and this game exceeded them.-This game is just so unique, and in a good way. Bioshock is probably the most similar any game has ever gotten to it, and I believe System Shock 2 is better.-It has aged extremely well; this game is absolutely terrifying.-Lots of replay value.-Sound design is top-notch.-Extremely in-depth story with tons of puzzle-peices to put together.-Graphics are great for the time, and while they aren't the best, the game still retains its ability to be immersive. It feels very isolated and alone.Do NOT start playing this game co-op. The atmosphere is changed completely and the experience is much scarier and hard-hitting when you are alone; try co-op once you have completed the game solo. You can only play through a game the first time once.Playing it co-op would be like if your friend told you all of the spoilers to a movie before you saw it- yeah, the movie was probably still amazing, but it probably wasn't nearly as engagin or exciting as it would be had you of gone in without prior knowledge."
76561198073840814,Recommended,238210,18233890,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Robert,"Like many other reviewers, i owned this back in the day... This game is the REASON we have Bioshock, Deus Ex, among many others... this is the standard for every story driven game made since... sadly its the hidden gem of games, and seems as though the only people who have played it are randoms online and reviewers for websites..if you like Deus Ex, BUY THIS GAMEif you like Bioshock BUY THIS GAMEif you like games, BUY THIS GAMEif you have a soul, BUY THIS GAME."
76561197981372290,Recommended,238210,24996011,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,jake.button,"System Shock 2 is the sequel to the criminally underrated and severely difficult System Shock. Let me just say, System Shock 2 is one of the my personal favourite games. You play as a man stranded deep in space, 6 billion lightyears deep, on the ship the Von Braun, and it has been overrun by the ship's AI, Xerxes. You are guided through his HUGE ship by Polito, another survivor, and you must work you way to the Rickenbacker, the Military ship piggy-backing on the Von Braun. This game has elements of an RPG, such as you picking a class. Hacking, Psi Skills and Weapons are the classes, and each have their good elemnets, however, you get to use all three, but the one you master in is the prominent one. Hacking is the most usefull, for you will be doing all through this game. The enemies range from ""Zombies"" to robots that have been taken over by Xerxes and even Xerxes himself. The game is a very scary game, and I mean it. It's terrifying. You also have an inventory that is pretty big and obviously very useful. It will be packed out the♥♥♥♥♥by the end of the game. Now, let's get to the bad stuff. First off, the layout of the Von Braun is severely huge, and will♥♥♥♥♥♥You Off! The enemies are very tricky and each have a certain weakness. Also, what you are supposed to be doing is very murky and difficult. You must check EVERY PIXEL OF THIS GAME! That is sooo important! Things are really hidden in this game! So, if you do play it, go back though a second time just for the story, the story is amazing. Anyway, good luck!"
76561197991236570,Recommended,238210,24446442,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Bennings Dekker,"CyberPunk, FPS+RPG(ish), legend...Its just my heart is not letting me move on after a point.One of the most complete, most apetizing, most horrifying games ever made by mankind. However Im pretty sure SHODAN could ve done a much better of a job...Plot, development, gameplay, ui, enemies, weapons, the entire ship, personal Logs, any piece of information that could shed light on the dark,ominous story. Wonder why noone paid any attention to shoot a movie on this stuff, really interesting.its one of those games whose even no-commentary playthroughs are epic.If you are ok with horror-filling, chilling games, do not hesitate but its always best to check the gameplay before the purchase.not fitting for every person but for everyone, certainly..."
,Recommended,238210,23213157,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Squid,"Playing this game for the first time was one of the greatest gaming experiences I have had (I still play it to this day and I am glad the game is on Steam).  The gameplay is excellent, and the story, music, and atmosphere are all amazing.  Bioshock's ancestor.  A classic.  10/10I haven't even played the game with mods (I personally don't mind the dated visuals); that being said I have only heard and seen good things about some of the popular mods available for this game, which are definately worth a look also.  Compared to its contemporaries, System Shock 2 doesn't have the best visuals, but there is a certain charm to it still."
,Recommended,238210,7449919,"Posted: 22 October, 2013",all,Dougie Jones,"Irrefutably one of the top 10 Greatest games of all time, System Shock 2 is an experience many modern games steal from (such as the Bioshock games) but aren't able to pull off anything remotely as genius and original as System Shock 2.10$ for System Shock 2 is a complete steal considering garbage, bland modern games like CoD and Battlefield go for 40-60$. Buy it NOW!"
,Recommended,238210,31920714,Posted: 23 May,all,Josh Nichols,the girl in this game treats me just like the ones in real life do 10/10
,Recommended,238210,10980246,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Brother Muttonchops,its like skyrim but with guns
,Recommended,238210,10022146,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Grumbling al,"After dying on a ladder, I was still able to climb it. IGN/10"
,Recommended,238210,16921959,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Oats,The ♥♥♥♥ am I doing in this game?A must-own PC title.
,Recommended,238210,19299971,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Uurbain,"I adore this game, simple as that.  I'm a big Sci-Fi dork, and this game easily takes place in my top 3If you like any sci-fi horror game that's come out in the past 10 years, it probably had influences from System Shock 2. It's not sleak at all compared to recent games, but nonetheless just as immersive when it comes to exploration and combat. The retro style may not be everyone's cup of tea, but I suggest playing for yourself to really get a feel for it.It's on sale for a steal, but even full price is beyond worth it, especially with System Shock being re-released.Just go give them your monies"
,Recommended,238210,10314750,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,fedexist,"So, what should I say about this game? Simply wonderful. Finest example of horror survival shooter with RPG elements, which is able to engage the player with a brilliant story with many plot twists (ok, not so many, but they're very good), and a great atmosphere conveyed by spot on sound effects and an hammering electronic soundtrack.Great value of replay-ability, since you can try to beat the game going full melee, soldier, hacker or psionic, or a mix between these main classes.I guess it can be considered the father of modern survival and shooter games, since embody all of the characteristics you can find in games like Dead Space and Bioshock (obviously, it comes from the same devs).I must say I really enjoyed every single minute I've played System Shock and I am forced to recommend to anyone this gem.10/10"
,Recommended,238210,10398373,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Alex,"Now that I made it to the end I can write something about this masterpiece. I played first time in 1999 but it was very hard for me to get to the end, with the steam release I decided to give it another try, it was amazing, 15 years later still has a terrifying atmosphere, with a big sense of loneliness troughout the game. Do yourself a favor, buy and play the game!"
76561198154984552,Recommended,238210,15097013,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Eidos,"Bought on sale, like all my games in Steam. Price: 0,99€Pro : this game is awesome, the plot is great and the voice works are fantastic.Con : this game is old -but with more than decent controls-.Pro : you can play this awesome game with visual mods to look it better.Con : if you do it, you'll never be able to sleep againPro (kind of) : You couldn't be able to sleep anyway.Pro : if you never sleep again, you have more time to play this game.-I always laugh at terror/horror-survuval games. -Me-""Not today"" -System Shock 2"
76561198165072165,Recommended,238210,29955748,Posted: 15 February,all,ZentasticDude,Excellent classic game that any fan of science fiction who hasn't played it should definitely consider. I would recommend a visit tosystemshock.orgto find the mods that make this game look better to modern eyes. The site has full installation instructions and  I had no trouble at all.
,Recommended,238210,28006828,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,(SAP)Isaacian,"Despite having the graphical fidelity of Super Mario 64, this seventeen year old game is more gripping and atmospheric than most games today.SHODAN was right, humans are garbage.10/10"
76561198016763521,Recommended,238210,29794792,Posted: 8 February,all,Darkhollow,"I have never played System Shock 2 and it was one of those games that had been looming over my head ever since I bought it a couple of years ago. I have played most of the ""cult and classic"" old school RPG's (Baldur's Gate, Planescape Torment etc) in the past few years given how I didn't have a PC back in the day that these were released and I have finally managed to get some time to play the game that inspired the Bioshock series (which I love).Little did I found out that this was an amazing experience to have even after 18 years since it's release.This is a true survival horror first person RPG with a lot of atmosphere, depth and amazing writing and it is a MUST PLAY."
,Recommended,238210,29161318,Posted: 10 January,all,Bleu,"Twelve years later, this game still scares the ♥♥♥♥ out of me. And leaves me anxious.Spiritual grandfather of the Bioshock series. Decent voice acting and truely a narrative driven RPG; not much to hate here.1999/10. Classic for good reason."
,Recommended,238210,500425,"Posted: 10 May, 2013",all,Felipepepe,"System Shock 2 is a tense game.You’re lost in a derelict spaceship, away from everything and everyone, while trying your best to survive and understand what is going on. Every element of this game is masterfully designed to keep you always at the edge; weapons break all the time, ammo is hard to find and the inventory space is limited, meaning you never feel well-equipped and has to make tough decisions.The levels are claustrophobic and help to create the heavy atmosphere of loneliness, but also feel real, an actual spaceship, not a pointless maze. Even with danger lurking in every corner, exploration feels great; there are various secret caches, and you will slowly uncover the fate of the crew through mutilated corpses, bloody scenes and the now-famous voice logs.On top of all that, the class system provides many builds for players to try out, various solutions to the diverse challenges and a solid reason for multiple playthroughts of this gem."
,Recommended,238210,10220065,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Motor a Barco,"""What is a drop of rain, compared to the storm? What is a thought, compared to a mind? Our unity is full of wonder, which your tiny individualism... cannot even conceive.""System Shock 2 will forever be a masterpiece from 1999, it was one of the first trailblazer Futuristic Survival Horror RPS. If you ever played Dead Space 1 or Bioshock 1, you must know that the beginning route of both games are almost identical to the  route of System Shock 2 (Each one adapted to their own story), always beginning (or leading to) the medical bay and then to the Machines Room or Bridge.The only weak point on this steam version is some sound problems like some enemies don't making noises, but by the other hand, the game will always be that nostalgic and thrilling trip against the ""Cyber God""Pros:- Nostalgic like in 1999- Co-op version- History is a masterpiece- Controls are easy and well adapted (even for a 2014 pc)- SHODAN is the mother of GLaDOSCons:- Some audios are bugged- Lack of a HD version of the game- Repetitive sometimes9.1/10"
,Recommended,238210,14394894,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,[H$cK][TCoB] matt,i wanna fk shodan
,Recommended,238210,11019253,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Fluffy_Kaeloky,"I don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about the graphics.I don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about thoses damn KEYCARDS EVERYWHERE.All in all , it's a really awesome game , way better than any modern FPS , if you can get past the graphics (Which were correct at the game's time).Ideas from this game (Like specialization points , bits of log to discover the lore) has been used in every single game created today.Too bad the licence is a tangled mess , I'd like to see a System Shock 3.Strike that , I want a System Shock 3.And please don't let EA do it."
,Recommended,238210,24469951,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Raymondium,"System Shock 2 is an interesting game. A lot of people (like myself) first go into this game after playing the Bioshock series, expecting something similar to it with a lot of shooting action. When I first played this game, I absolutely despised it. I hated the combat, the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t difficulty, the immersion breaking techno loops, and other minor annoyances that added up to me really disliking the game. However, after replaying the game for the 5th or 6th time (which I did after beating the older Thief games), the whole experience for me kinda clicked. I knew what stats were useless and which ones were needed, so I upgraded them in advance to prepair myself for what was to come. Doing so actually made the experience a lot more enjoyable than it was before, infact, I actually kinda like the game now. It's also worth noting that there are some pretty awesome fan missions out there, most notably being System Shock Infinite, which redisigns the game in certian aspects, and is overall pretty enjoyable, even if most of the game is stock System Shock 2. But you're probably wondering what I originally didn't like about the game, and that's mostly due to the fact that this game is punishing if you don't know what the hell you are doing. It took me 5-6 playthroughs to even finish, let alone enjoy the game. And while I'm on that subject, the ending (without spoiling anything) is complete garbage, and didn't make me feel accomplished for the journy I went through. It didn't help that the last few levels aren't that great either, I mean, they're not Half Life Zen level of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, but they aren't good either. This is also a game with a pretty slow start, which may turn off a lot of newcomers, especially if you hate slow starts. Now massive flaws like these aren't the blessings of a masterpiece, and that was something that has, and still does bother me. This game is NOT a masterpiece, in any form, but it definetelly isn't complete garbage either. System Shock 2 is more akin to a Cult-Classic, than a Magnum-Opis, and if you go into this game expecting a masterpiece, then I'm afraid to say that you may be a bit dissapointed. It's hard for me to reccomend this game, but I can reccomend it overall, so long as you go into it with an open mind, and I wouldn't hesistate that much to look up a walkthrough if you're getting stuck. I would strongly advise playing through the first 2 Theif games first, as they will kinda teach you how The Dark Engine (the game's engine) works, to an extent that even System Shock 2 fails to tell the player. That and they'll help you become much more patient, which you're going to need when playing this game. Once you're done taffing around with those 2 games, then System Shock 2 will give you a really awesome journy to behold, Insect."
,Recommended,238210,30560649,Posted: 16 March,all,Sahuagin,"Absolutely incredible for its time. Gameplay still holds up, although the experience may be slightly dated. When this first came out, there were no games like this at all. These days there are more of these atmospheric FPS games some of which will do some things better. Still worth playing."
,Recommended,238210,14167535,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,TeenJackBauer,"Positive+ Perfectly combines both RPG elements and shooting mechanics, with even some survival-horror elements which add to the game greatly+ The well-crafted story doesn’t rely on cheap jump scares and the like to scare you, instead relying on hostile and frightening enemies with creepy environments to make your trek through the game terrifying to say the least+ The sound design as well only adds to the atmosphere, with enemy groans and whispers of deceased crew members echoing throughout the haunted corridors+ Memorable antagonist, which has inspired other characters (most notably GLaDOS from thePortalseries) in videogames, and has a looming presence throughout the campaign+ Approximately 10 hours of game time (on Normal difficulty), with a good amount of replay value if you want to experience playing the game using the variety of playstyles available.Negative- The games interface involves a somewhat steep learning curve, the map system especially is relatively poor (unfortunately a product of the time), as they are essentially static images- Some irritating and difficult enemies to defeat; while the shooting mechanics are well-done, they’re not exactly on-par with similar first-person shooters from the same era.Worth Mentioning• While the game is dated graphically, the community has done a good job of creating mods and texture packs in order to improve the graphical quality of the game (among other things), ensuring that even if graphics are a high priority to you in videogames, installing mods will hopefully negate that issue with the game.Verdict“Long beforeBioshock(andDeus Exto a small extent), there wasSystem Shock 2. This game is the definition of classic, and still to this day stands the test of time as a truly great game. I’d wholly recommend this game to any fan of 90s shooters and RPGS alike.”9/10 TJBs"
76561198072275924,Recommended,238210,25939428,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,TheBaconHands,Horrifingly immerisve!
,Recommended,238210,34000567,Posted: 3 August,all,Goethe,The game is about a guy lost in a space shuttle following orders from a horny super AI who wants you to suffer before making you invincible.+ Cool atmosphere
76561198075247550,Recommended,238210,12576401,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Amazing World,"Honestly there might not be a more chilling game experence then hacking into system only to hear the door next you open and suddenly you only hear the door open quickly followed by a twisted ""Run"" leaving you with only a couple of seconds to leave the terminal and react to this twisted create that's infront of you before he can beat your face in.Also nothing quite matches the feeling of terror as you're running as fast as you can from a robot that's speaking to you like it's trying to help you but you know for a fact that the moment you turn around to confront it you'll be blown away to kindom come.This game does atmosphere like no other (as long as you turn off the texno music) and this game is feel with tons of (mostly) well voice audio logs that do nothing but help build this world and it's atmosphere with it's steller writing and tone setting.What may seem like a drawback with the fact that the graphic's haven''t aged very well has only added to the alien and the horror of some of the creatures in this game and the alien feeling of everything and everyone in this game.This game is a must play for people who like rpgs and a must have for anyone who enjoys scifi or horror."
76561198178450634,Recommended,238210,30684620,Posted: 23 March,all,Hans_Ruebe,"Pure gaming extasy, that's how games should be done! Atmosphere, machanics, leveldesign...Definitely masterpiece. Look here, modern games, this old veteran beats you in every aspect. Yeah, graphic is old, but what the hell, good graphics doesn't mean good game. Took me 17 years to finish this game and I must say, the feel after finishing... it was worth it!"
76561198146743363,Recommended,238210,32027911,Posted: 28 May,all,Jwwprod,Best game ever!Better than any game this generation.Ken Levine is an absolute legend!
,Recommended,238210,14966023,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Jiub,"Started playing System Shock 2, heard it was a good game.Started, tutorial was slightly tedious, and who the ♥♥♥♥ presses X to move backwards.Then something happened, I forgot what it was.I walked a bit, saw a ghost, was pretty spooked by this point.Saw the first Hybrid, turned off my computer and haven't opened System Shock since.Pretty spooky♥♥♥♥♥♥man."
,Recommended,238210,13342485,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Jigglyshit,My friend and I bought this game for a dollar and hit monkeys with a wrench10/10 would recommend
,Recommended,238210,27563693,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Space Ghost's Coffee,"Better than any of the Bioshock games, and the best singleplayer horror game ever made, fight me nerds"
,Recommended,238210,12713792,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Игорь,Lo-lo-look at you Hacker
76561197991556578,Recommended,238210,9868959,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Gokudaimo,Nah.
,Recommended,238210,7787300,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,SpyCakes,A classic beautiful and horrifying Sci-Fi adventure!
76561198024850883,Recommended,238210,22656843,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,robohon,"System Shock 2 is an easy game to describe generally but a hard one to pin down exactly. In simple terms you can say that it's similar to its contemporary Deus Ex or its successor Bioshock, but I'd say that it's an experience entirely of its own. The main reason for this is that it's gosh dang scary. The logs and character writing give the creepiness depth, but I can't give enough credit to how much atmosphere the game derives from enemies and graphics that by today's standards shouldn't be enough for much more than a jump scare. Instead, even when the hybrids become easy to kill (one of the few flaws is the lack of enemy variety), their appearance and quavering sounds as they approach get me paranoid every time. The player progression is also far deeper than that of the Bioshock games even if it lacks the same in-universe hook to its upgrade system that Bioshock had in the Little Sisters. Overall, System Shock 2 holds up incredibly well as a game that makes being deeper than Bioshock and scarier than Dead Space seem completely effortless. 9/10on second thought the hacking in this game doesnt have those BS pipes so 10/10"
,Recommended,238210,1003344,"Posted: 11 May, 2013",all,๖ۣۜDrK x ๖ۣۜﮎHUR1K3N>,"Played through this game so many times, then i saw it on steam and got it again, now im going to play through it again many times, no matter how old this game is or how bad the graphics are, it will allways be one of the best games ive ever played.JUST BUY IT, ITS WORTH IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!You people giving this game negative reviews based on the game being old.... Give the game a chance or GET OUT OF HERE! NOW!"
,Recommended,238210,225542,"Posted: 9 June, 2013",all,Shiro,"This is an essential game for anyone who wants to learn their roots.  Often considered ahead of its time, System Shock 2 is a great FPS/RPG with a great horror/sci-fi setting, and is one of the few survival horror games that gives an actual sense of survival with very limited ammunition and healing supplies.  It set the bar for story telling and atmosphere in a way that few games since have matched.  If it can be said to have any flaw, it would be its dated graphics, but even those aged fairly well when compared to other games of the time.  Over-all, this is just a fantastic game."
76561198034155498,Recommended,238210,19428422,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,formlessform,"One of the most hallowed, respected and enormously influential computer games in history, System Shock 2 does without doubt deserve such an accolade, though it is not an undertaking for the fainthearted for a number of reasons.Before outlining the frustrations which can be inherent playing this, firstly, let us extol its virtues.The back-story of a spacecraft whose crew have all mysteriously been violently killed has intriguing depth and immersive appeal, especially important for a role-playing game. Giving the player choices of which particular skills to require before the game-proper actually begins, does indeed give one the feeling that you are forming the player character out of your own choices and decisions and this further increases one's emotional involvement.As you slowly begin to explore the craft and pick up clues as to what has caused such havoc, the tension is palpable. From emails and voice recordings which you discover as you journey onwards, a sense of an actual place which was once full of living, breathing humans definitely starts to take shape. In addition to these manifold good points, the graphics themselves still look great even 15 years after the game was made.However, there are more than a few droplets of vinegar mixed in with the Ambrosial honey.Primarily, the main drawback, or perhaps a kinder word might be ;challenge', to System Shock 2 is the often bewildering complexity of elements at your player-characters disposal. In order to make intelligent progress, akin to how one might actually behave in such a real-life situation itself, the player has to juggle a veritable myriad of game-world stimuli. Emails, personal data assistants, logs on computers, notes and letters found on bodies, a constant stream of voice-messages in your character's earpiece, and much more of the detritus of exploring the seemingly dead spaceship, constantly seems to bombard the player until at times one can feel at a loss as to what to take note of and what to ignore. Perhaps this can be seen as part of the character's real-life predicament, but if the designers had taken the trouble to give more structure and order to the bombardment of information thrown at the player throughout it could have led to a less confusing and more enjoyable gaming experience.On the other hand, maybe I'm just a bit slow at times, or too methodical and tidy in my own personal way of dealing with tasks so I do hold my hand up and offer that as an explanation to the above constructive criticism.Even so, I have heard from several other sources of note, such as some seasoned gamers and highly respected gaming press, that System Shock 2 involved far too much traipsing back and forward through similar-looking corridors in search of a vital key or door-code or something of the like, without which further progress was not possible. Yet, for the gamer, completing these tasks became distinctly arduous, often extremely monotonous and frankly, unpleasantly exhausting. Elongating the play-time of a game in such a manner is frowned upon these days and for good reason.However, these constructive criticisms are as nothing compared to the monumental depth, complexity, tension and intrigue of this computer game behemoth, which also includes one of the most legendary and infamous end-of-game bosses in the annals of video-gaming.To play this game is not just to steep oneself in an immersive, tense and believablely frightening world, but it is to experience a piece of computer-gaming history."
,Recommended,238210,22133494,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Cianci,"A real classic.Despite it's age, System Shock 2 is still a thoroughly enjoyable game, with mechanics which are still seen nowadays, especially in its spiritual sequels, the Bioshock series.Although the graphics haven't aged well, the game still plays smoothly, and the story is interesting enough to make most people invested in it. The gameplay isn't even a little bit clunky, and works perfectly regardless of your playstyle.Recommended to people who enjoy sci-fi settings, action RPGs and classic games."
,Recommended,238210,28233440,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,awp,"A ""cult classic"" that I missed the first time around. I found System Shock 2 to be a DEEPLY FLAWED game:The geometry of the levels is very sticky and will ""grab"" you unexpectedly; things like desks and destroyed enemies in narrow hallways serve as their own obstacles and I found myself frozen in place unexpectedly a LOTAt higher levels of AGI your character becomes slippery and platforming becomes difficultThe final zones (even from the Rickenbacker onward) become incredibly cramped, confusing and difficult to navigateThe semi-final boss spawns so many enemies so rapidly you can actually plug doorways with corpses and have to leave a distance to discard the corpsesDifficulty is very front-loaded; while this is good to make you feel like a super-enhanced killing machine toward the end of the game, it will make the beginning even more frustrating, especially while trying to learn the myriad systemsMelee weapon hit detection is incredibly awkward and laggedEven with the map, emails and notes, figuring out where to go takes a while. It's interesting that it doesn't hold your hand whatsoever, but enemies spawn infinitely throughout the game and you can't pause while looking at notes/maps so you get attacked regularly while trying to figure out where to goAnd yet, I have to recommend the game. Why? Istill had fun with it. Despite the myriad annoyances and frustrations, when it wasn't being an unpolished, irritating bugger it was quite a lot of fun. The beginning and ending were gross, but the middle was sweet enough to make the journey worthwhile."
,Recommended,238210,11622771,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,K.,"Still, HANDS DOWN, one of the BEST and CREEPIEST games EVER.I still got goosebumps playing this game. The atmosphere, the story, the difficulty... all of it culminates together to create an experience that makes you afraid to get into combat, the enemy is truly dangerous, and you feel small compared to the power the enemy wields. I will never put this game down for good.Okay, now that the worship is over.The ControlsThis game came out in 1999, 15 years ago. That being said, the default controls are a little out-of-date, but once you change them to a more modern FPS format (A and D strafe instead of turn, maybe use R for interaction because the lean on Q and E are very useful), it is much more comfortable. Mantling is something I had never seen before in a game, and it's popular now, but this is the first game I had ever seen it in. (long time a go folks!)The StoryWho doesn't want to find out what is going on? Everything has gone to hell and you are confused, alone, and know nothing. The perfect place to start. Even as you progress, the elements of the story are told from the perspectives of so many others,  creating a world much like a book would. Story after story unfolds before you, each one telling a small piece of what is happening to you. You never quite have all the pieces, and the mystery grows and grows until the end...The RPG ElementsEveryone likes RPG Elements in good games like this. Getting to make your own choices, living with those choices, and adapting to them is what an RPG is about. Each choice you make feels significant, and as the game progresses, you succeed or fail by the decisions you make.The DifficultyI would have to say that the game is incredibly difficult if you are unprepared. The game forces you to play smart, to look around corners, to conserve your resources whenever possible, to take your time... This is a good thing, because it gives the game a feeling that you are always in danger, and without the difficulty it wouldn't be as frightening. This is an aspect of games that has been lost over the years... and now many games, even on the most difficult setting, is not too difficult. I've yet to try and beat this beast on Impossible... Kudos to any masters who have done it.The GraphicsThe Graphics are from 1999. The textures are ancient. Yes. We know this. Go Download SHTUP and follow the instructions to update your textures if it's that big a deal. For the time, they were pretty darn good.JUST BUY ITYOU WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED"
,Recommended,238210,33461945,Posted: 11 July,all,Cornchip,"Soundtrack just isn't good out of context. I'm gonna call this the Rick and Morty syndrome™.Anyway playing this for the first time was truly an stunning experience, both figuratively and literally. The story is absolutely amazing. The game nails down the concept of playing a video game to experience something grander without sacrificing the complexity of its multifaceted, challenging gameplay. And yeah I guess you can say it is in part challenging because of datedness of its mechanics, but that clearly means you haven't played the first game in the series (which I have played years after this one and was massively surprised at its quality and how much it holds up despite being over 20 years old now - I have absolutely nothing against anyone saying that the first System Shock is a better game, because it might as well just be actually). I feel when it comes to the horror aspect this game achieves everything every other survival horror game that allows you to use guns ever tried - despite your arsenal you just don't feel safe at all.And I truly hate the unofficial ""updated"" high polygon version of the enemies. I think the essential part of what made this game so gripping and horrifying is how impossibly unhumanlike looking the mutated human enemies are. Some of those are pretty cool and true to the original insane design though admittedly.All in all, yeah, this is it. This game truly gets it. BioShock is absolutely incomparable and isn't even slightly the spiritual successor this game deserved, which is a shame."
,Recommended,238210,1487368,"Posted: 22 August, 2013",all,Hootie,"Was a juggernaut of game design and was at the forefront of what was deemed possible for videogames, much like half life.The narrative is told superbly through a combination of cinematics, voice overs, cyberghosts, space journal entries and the environments themselves. The sound design is top-notch, the voice of the malevolent SHODAN being the greatest example.A thick sense of foreboding permeates through the entire game, and body horror is used to good effect. It boasts a full inventory system, upgrade and stats systems, cybernetic implants, psionic powers and weapon modding, making it quite an elaborate game for the time of its release.The combat is kind of clunky, but is servicable enough (if it had gunplay and A.I. as good as half-life that came out a year before, it would be pretty much perfect)"
,Recommended,238210,33051363,Posted: 30 June,all,Poiso,"This is one of the few games where the fanbase Circlejerk is justified. It doesn't have everything a ""good game"" should have, but it stomps all competition in level design and overall concept. My only gripe is the last ~20 minutes, which were designed very poorly with two terrible ""boss fights"" back to back that didn't have much effort put into them.As a huge Metroid fan, this game gave me a similar vibe and a very satisfying 16 hours.This game is worth your 10 dollars. 8\10"
,Recommended,238210,33202683,Posted: 3 July,all,eelijah,"this game is a must-play. an all-time classic and one of the first games to integrate FPS with RPG mechanics (along with Deus Ex, another seminal title). it has aged remarkably well and is still very very fun to play. really nails down the sci-fi atmosphere as well and will keep you guessing every minute. 10/10"
,Recommended,238210,28987348,Posted: 3 January,all,Penguinsfish,"Is this game the best game in existence?  Heck no.  Is it really, really good though?  It is very much so.  System Shock 2 is an action-rpg with an emphasis on the rpg element.  At first, you'll be very weak with nothing but a wrench, maybe two medical hypos, and a acute fear response to every sound that occurs in the game.  However, System Shock 2's greatest strength is it's depth.  There are tons of items, weapons, and psionic abilities for you to choose from.  The rpg element adds greatly to supporting different builds and playstyles.  Numerous audio logs and emails can be found throughout the game allowing you to piece together the story of what happened to the ship and even use the dead's words to progress through the game.  Not to mention, each item has a description you can spend hours reading describing the item or even giving a little corporate humor.  Sure at first the game can be difficult forcing you to save often and carefully plan your moves, but if you play smartly and allocate your upgrade points appropriately, you can literally become an invisible, flaming, inhumanely strong, lightning fast, psionic ninja that can, I kid you not, two hit every single standard enemy in the game with a hunk of crystal.  You see, I made the mistake of picking a psionic character for my first playthrough, cause you know, FREAKING PSIONICS and choosing to play on hard mode.  You can, however, choose the run and gun marine or the sneaky hacking sailor or whatever combination of the three playstyles.  This isn't to say that System Shock 2 is perfect.  Projectile weapons degrade like wet toilet paper (the primary reason why I only used melee weapons which don't degrade), certain items and abilities clearly weren't balanced appropriately (the crystal shard is actually bugged so it does more than double damage with the smasher perk and the regeneration psionic ability basically makes psi hypos far more valuable than medical hypos), the sensual stimulation units later in the game are broken (reeeeal missed opportunity there (by the way if you don't get that that was a joke, please leave now)), and the heavy weapons, besides the fantastic grenade launcher, are useless or underused.  Still, System Shock 2 is an excellent game and I'm honestly suprised I don't see more people playing or discussing it.  Maybe I've just been to the wrong communities or forums or something, but regardless, System Shock 2 is well worth your time."
,Recommended,238210,19833587,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Yuba,One of my favorite games of all time.
,Recommended,238210,31514881,Posted: 2 May,all,faemir,"Despite me taking a few hours to really get hooked, by the time I reached the end I was astounded. System Shock 2 ended up deserving every bit of praise it gets. A true classic and so ahead of its time feeling utterly relevant and masterful 18 years later."
,Recommended,238210,22928210,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Observer (2),"A great game with a great story, may be old but still remains to be a fun game with a very interesting story. Overall for a game that costed me around 2 dollars, this game gave me more than enough hours to make me enjoy the game.7/10"
76561198133925259,Recommended,238210,29832315,Posted: 10 February,all,MorbidBee,"Note: Before I even start, let me mention that if you aren't a fan of the outdated control scheme, then there's an option in the game to rebind the keys to that of a modern fps. You don't even have to rebind them yourself, just check the saved key bindings; there's a layout there already. I hear a lot of complaints about the controls, and frankly they're so easy to change that it really shouldnt be an issue.Alright, on to the actual review.System Shock 2 is generally known as an FPS/RPG hybrid, when in reality it's far more Survival/RPG. What few fps elements there are aren't particularly interesting. Headshots and the locations wherein you shoot an enemy make no difference to damage and the enemy placement outside of scripted events is very random, so if you're looking for something akin to Quake or Doom then you'll probably have better luck elsewhere.What System Shock 2 gets right is the RPG and Survival elements, which complement each other perfectly. You see, you don't get experience via killing enemies in this game, instead the game's equivalent of XP is collected through exploring the environment and searching for pickups called 'cybernetic modules'. Want that extra point in strength?  Well then you're going to have to bite the bullet and search that dark, scary room. Need another point in weapons to wield the assault rifle? Guess you're going to have to poke around that creepy corridor you've been avoiding. It's a great risk/reward   system that makes exploring all the more satisfying. There's nothing like finding a cybernetic module the developers snuck in between a pair of crates or stashed on a corpse. With such an intense atmosphere, everylittle victory feels like a conquest.And the atmosphere is brilliant, providing you turn off that weird techno soundtrack, of course. The sound design for this game is marvelous. The heavy clank of your footsteps, the far off voices of Hybrids begging for death, the scrambled, mechanial screams of a Cyborg Midwife  as she dies, it's all very immersive stuff. Just do yourself a favour and turn the music off.The game isn't without its faults, though. For example:-First time players might make some slip-ups with their levelling and put all the points into something stupid like Research, Agility or repair. There are a lot of skills in System Shock 2 that are sort of useless, so I'd reccomend looking up a few tips before starting.-Little wizard monkeys are a reccuring enemy in this game. No joke. It's sort of jarring to be fighting some horrific monstrosity one moment only to be going toe-to-toe with a fireball-throwing mokey the next.-Dying isn't much of an issue, as you just respawn at a reconstruction chamber as soon as you bite the dust. It takes away some of the tension.-It's ugly. There's no denying it. System Shock 2 is an ugly game. The polygon count is low, all the character models look like origami and looking out of a window into space is like staring at a pixelated screensaver. It's ugly.-And finally, you might have some trouble running it. I never ran into any issues, but it's an old game and I've heard some complaints. Just a warning.Overall I'd say that System Shock 2 still holds up today as an impressive RPG, and is worth your time as long as you're okay with resource managment and character development that requires you to have a specific type of character in mind from the start."
76561198045036748,Recommended,238210,5099555,"Posted: 8 August, 2013",all,Yori,"Juegazo en toda regla. Es cierto que tiene muchos puntos parecidos a bioshock, pero hay un abismo de jugabilidad entre uno y otro. Este es difícil, inmersivo, tienes muchas formas de plantearte el juego, como marine disparando con armas de fuego, utilizando psi, hackeando ordenadores... todo ello te da una libertad para elegir lo que te puede llevar a una mala partida si no eliges sabiamente en que subir. Lo recomiendo en imposible, aunque reconozco que la parte final se vuelve muy complicada. Es un FPS de vieja escuela, que huye de las FPS actuales simplones en loa que solo tiwenes que apretar el botón de disparo y todo va rodado."
76561198019982776,Recommended,238210,9580867,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Bazo,Where is the third installment?
,Recommended,238210,9986304,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,half man half amazing,"Great game, more people should really take a chance and try it."
,Recommended,238210,8267866,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Sharky,"Still spookier than most games on the market, and more competent than most others as well, you won't find a more satisfying sci-fi rpg."
,Recommended,238210,16480946,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,S H A M,well it was one of the first games i played as a young kido and it scared me sh**less and played it again after like 16 years and it still scared me11/10 would be scared again
,Recommended,238210,12533916,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Bubble♞Knight,Very strong story love the gameplay a must have for all players to play!Just a classic even better with the MOD and FM!!!
76561198013306912,Recommended,238210,24433988,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Enyan,"One of the best games I've played in my 20 years experience with PC gaming.Mother of fps/rpg genre.Literally couldn't breathe or move after first plot twist (was 15yo back then, my brain exploded).Only for players with sublime and demanding gaming taste.... anybody has a spare brain ?"
76561198053369787,Recommended,238210,23674239,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Yato,"At first i didnt understand the controls and stopped playing it after the first level for about a year or 2.I decided to play it again after hearing about system shock 3 being made.And i gotta say it was soooo worth it.The story, the setting, heck it even doe a great job scaring me a few times.Few words of advice, one KEEP THE HAZMAT SUIT, i left it thinking i didnt need it because it took up too much space and i never used it. TRUST ME YOU NEED IT. I stopped playing after a while as well just cuz i couldnt be bothered to go all the way back to my last save point with the hazmat suit which was pretty far.and two always remember what you have. sometimes i forget i had little perks which can help me a lot like the PSI so try to keep that in mind."
,Recommended,238210,9834351,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Tarvis,"The game is tense, and does its best to make sure that you never feel safe, which is certainly a very different (and more exciting) brand of horror than the jump scares that are the norm of today. It's not even very dark most of the time, most of the horror is psychological and is driven by you doing your best to survive.I feel that from a gameplay perspective, this vastly outshines Bioshock, or at least Bioshock Infitite. Well worth a try if you enjoyed the Bioshock series and are disappointed by the continual dumbing-down of its gameplay, or if you enjoyed Deus Ex, as it is very similar in terms of being a hybrid of tetris-inventory RPG and FPS gameplay.The graphics are definitely where the game has not stood up the test of time, as even when it came out in 1999 it didn't look very good. However, there are mods such as SHTUP and Rebirth that improve the model and texture quality, the models being the most lacking back in the day.In short: worth a try. It is perfectly compatible with modern systems, thanks to the recent NewDark patch, and is definitely worth it to see how much Bioshock Infinite has thrown away the series formula. And if you thought GLaDOS was the universe's scariest evil AI, you're in for a surprise."
76561198031527668,Recommended,238210,13754086,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,DownwardSpiral,"System Shock 2may have flew under the radar for many gamers like myself, However and i am glad to have stumbled upon this gem.The game is set in the distant future, where the first FTL spacecraft was created through earth's technological advancement. The creation of Intelligent AI was also one of them.You, the hacker must unravel the mystery of the ship, the Von Braun which had been taken over by a strange presence in the ship which had caused the slaughter of 1000s of crewmembers on-board.At first glance, I knew this game was something a little more complicated then your average shooter, by no means is this a 'Doom' or 'Quake' or even halflife game. Its something deeper. The addition of RPG elements much like Deus Ex adds a bit more depth upon choosing 3 distict paths in the game. The marines, The Navi and The OSA.Each class will determine the way you will pass each challenge throughout the game. By choosing the navi, you have more technical abilities then the others. You are able to disable cameras and turrets from a security terminal to remain undetected as you advance through each stage.If you were to take the OSA approach, which focuses on your 'Psi' powers (doing things with your mind), you are able to possibly go invisible, disable a camera or turret, or just use a blast of cryo energy.if you were the marines perhaps, you could get your hands on an arsenal of different weaponary ranging from laser pistols to fully fledged alien assault rifles and even grenade launchers! using your leaning ability you can shoot around corners with out getting hit (but the game cheats sometimes and you can get hit through a wall).With all these in mind, you are not resticted to your class qualities alone. you can spend your cyber modules on skills from the other classes and not feel guilty either. Although the impulse is to go for a Jack of all trades approach, its best to stay loyal to the chosen path.The games difficulty is an interesting aspect of the game. You will be underpowered, and you will be killed faster then your pc rig can play pong. the vunerablility of the player gives a sense of danger, what could possibly be around the corner, or what could possibliy bring me to an end? thats the intention. The game wants you to pay attention to its surrounding, where one wrong move could mean your life, or slow you down from progressing.The atmosphere of the game is astounding! It has that Half life and dead space feel to it, but darker and scarier. the corridors have mutant crewmembers, rouge cyborgs and even (monkeys?) ready to snap you in half. And even as you progress further through the game you are constantly Taunted by SHODAN (the antagonist) as if you were just a mere bug. nothing encourages you as you progress, but you feel the reward of going against that.The audio logs of crewmembers found throughout the ship helps the player to understand what has happened to them or the events in a personal manner. You are sunken into the mystery of what happened to the crew member as you find audio log after the other, just like chapters in a book. I absolutley love when developers give characters more depth through audio logs or written passages.The music and all dont always give the atmospheric vibe you should expect from a game of this caliber, but sometimes, silence is the best kind of music.In all, I was satisfied with the ending of the game and the twists and turns inbetween, and for any of those wondering whether to buy this or not, i reckon its a worthy investment of your time and money."
,Recommended,238210,13959361,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,RunOrShoot?,"Shockingly goodDespite being a 16-year-old game SYSTEM SHOCK 2 has a lot to offer. Yes the graphics look very dated when compared to today’s games but they can be improved by the mod packs readily available online. And it’s really only the visual differences that set this game aside from contemporary titles. It’s immediately obvious that SS2 is the progenitor of the excellent Bioshock series. There’s a strong storyline backed by first-rate voice acting. The combat is okay given the game’s age, and the RPG elements are convincing. Personally, I’m not a fan of weapon degradation and repair (thankfully dropped in the Bioshock games) but otherwise the gameplay design is very good. You can pick this game up very cheaply these days and if you want a nostalgic wander down Video Game Lane you can’t go far wrong with this.4/5"
,Recommended,238210,32548670,Posted: 18 June,all,Dekker,I can only recommend this game if you want to have your sanity tested. I would sooner attempt brain surgery than play this game again. I am unable to complete it.
,Recommended,238210,33419560,Posted: 9 July,all,Xephyros,That'sa spicey meat'a baul
,Recommended,238210,744682,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,Major Dick Bong,"I've always fantasized about what it would be like to serve at the mercy of a vindictive cybernetic dominatrix.Thank you, System Shock 2. Thank you for turning my fevered fetish dreams into a reality more glorious than I could have ever possibly imagined."
,Recommended,238210,2358391,"Posted: 12 July, 2013",all,dinosauriac,"Tense. Scary. Deep. Gripping.A wonderful experience for a BioShock fan like me, uncovering how the series was born and finding a story just as interesting as Rapture and gameplay way more satisfying than I could have imagined. The fights in this are some of the most white knuckle moments I've had in a game, playing out more like a really high pressure MMORPG battle than the simple shooters future entries were. I encourage anyone who loves good survival gameplay, where you really have to think about what supplies you have and what build your character is, to try this out.And of course, that story.That ♥♥♥♥ing awesome story."
76561197970291484,Recommended,238210,8140810,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,-Warchild-,"System Shock 2, even though it's going on 15 years old now, is still a fantastic game.  Like the first time I played through it, I still jump at certain spots.  With the character customization, it's play-throughs vary considerably.  It's audio log system adds so much to the atmosphere, and while not every audio log is required to advance the game, the extra logs add so much ambiance and story.  This reminds me of a time when it wasn't only graphics that were important, but telling a good story, sucking the players into the game.Game installed perfectly and ran perfectly on my Windows 7 system, something that blew my mind, because I remember trying to jimmy this game into working on older OS's, but newer than what it was designed for, and it was a huge pain in the rear-end.There is really no reason not to purchase, install, and play the hell out of this game...  unless graphics are the only reason you play games.  If you want a great story, a great game, buy System Shock 2."
,Recommended,238210,11170737,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,God-Emperor Takara,hand in hand with deus ex as a timeless classiclook at you hackerr
76561198134182594,Recommended,238210,13351336,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,AJStylesRS07,"System Shock 2 is known all around as a cult classic in everyway. A game that redefined PC gaming. There hasn't been many games as critically aclaimed as System Shock 2. I actually haven't played System Shock 2 until now. Now i realized what people were talking about. It was a great game style and tight controls. A very diverse gameplay style and unique quality which many games of the new mdoern generation fail to have. An art style that feels like Deus Ex. This game feels like the blueprint for future first person action games to come. It's also a horror game. This game is filled with Scares which will make you wanna wet yourself, but also do it in such a good way that makes it such an immersive experience. Only complaint is that that the graphics haven't aged well at all. But just like the almighty classic Ocarina Of TIme, even with aged graphics, this game has a type of artstyle and charm that surpass Pixels and HD shapes. 9/10 Pros: innovative gameplay, revolutionary first person mechanics, Very unique artstyle and story, An amazing horror immersive experience, a true classic. Cons: Graphics age is very noticable"
76561198048974498,Recommended,238210,11102169,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,rjmacready,"Are you the kind of gamer who almost exclusively enjoys super-fast first-person games in which you race about at lightning speed, effortlessly shooting hundreds and thousands of enemies with the aid of a seemingly inexhaustible supply of ammo loaded into a vast array of super-duper-mega-weapons which never jam and are capable of obliterating almost an entire herd of beasties in a single mouse-click? Then you may well enjoy the Serious Sam games...and should probably give THIS one a wide ♥♥♥♥in' berth.System Shock 2 is one HARD sonofa♥♥♥♥♥ of a game. At first I thought it might just be me - as it so often is - but a quick chat to a Steam friend who's much more of a ""natural"" at games than yours truly confirmed that not only had he found it challenging, he had in fact found it SO frigging difficult that he just threw in the towel altogether, before the match had even officially begun.This game is NOT from the user-friendly era we're used to nowadays, in which kind-hearted games essentially hold your hand for the entirety of the journey, like an oh-so-generous ""self-help"" coach who won't let you give up, no matter how hard times might get. This game is more akin to a brutish boot-camp commandant, who just can't wait to push your worthless face down into the mud one more time, just in case you weren't suitably humiliated the first ninety-nine times.In short, this game DOES NOT PLAY NICE. But for the most part, it does at least play FAIR...unlike, say, the recent Slender: The Arrival, a game whose difficulty can be mostly attributed to rather dubious design and execution. Whereas System Shock 2, for all its frustration-inducing mean-spiritedness, is in fact an EXCEPTIONALLY well-designed and executed piece of work. But a game for the weak-hearted or impatient it most certainly is not.Weapons jam and need to be repaired, frequently. There's♥♥♥♥♥♥all healing, certainly in the earlier stages. And the maps, one of my few genuine ""complaints"" about the game, almost require a degree in Interstellar Architecture to follow. To make matters trickier, there aren't any arrows helpfully pointing you in the ""right"" direction at all times, and it's basically up to you (or the always-generous Google) to work out just what the hell all those items you keep picking up actually do (and which ones you should bother to keep, when your limited Inventory space inevitably fills up almost every time you search a new area...hell, it took me a while to realise that all the pot plants I'd collected were basically extraneous)!And what about all those different skills you can choose to spend your all-too-precious ""cybermodules"" on? ""What the heck do I need a 'Research' skill for, you crazy, crazy game?"", I hear you cry. Well, the simplest answer to that question is, ""That all depends on HOW you want to play the game.""Basically: don't expect to explore all the possibilities System Shock 2 has to offer on the first playthrough. I personally didn't even TOUCH any of the ""Psi"" attributes, and only barely scratched the surface of all that the ""Tech"" stream of abilities has to offer. (For all the dumb♥♥♥♥♥people out there, like me, maybe just stick to being a half-decent fighter to begin with...doesn't take a genius to work out what a gun is for, while the worthiness of the ""Hack"" skill, for example, may be a tad more obscure at the outset.)So okay, I get it, it's hard and it's complicated, but is it actually any GOOD? Well, one need only look at its LEGACY to see how important and influential this game has been.Unfortunately for System Shock 2, it appears to have been released at much the same time as a certain tiny slice of gaming history called Half-Life, and it would appear that that game and its subsequent franchise stole much of SS2's thunder. But have you also heard of a series called the Bioshock games?  Well, this is the ""spiritual predecessor"", designed by much the same people. You can also spot the influence this game has had on, say, the Dead Space and F.E.A.R. franchises from several small galaxies away. The more ""RPG""-ish aspects of Borderlands, et al, would also appear to owe something of a debt herein, what with the space-age vending machines you can use to purchase ammo and healing and so forth from.A true trail-blazer of a game indeed. But how do the graphics and sound stack up against modern games, then? Well...okay, the graphics have dated a little. But they're more than made up for by some of the most imaginative and downright disturbing sound design in VIDEO GAME HISTORY. It's nothing less than a work of art, ya'll. And the story, while suffering from the limitations which are unavoidable when you're talking about a lengthy game where you basically traverse large distances while killing lots and lots of ""baddies"", is about as good as you can reasonably ask such things to be.Look, it's not a completely ""perfect"" game. As well as the aforementioned maps, there's other frustrations to be overcome and/or tolerated, such as the incredibly irritating tendency for a completely random ""wandering"" enemy to waltz into the room in which you thought you might finally have sufficient breathing space to listen to that ""PDA"" you've been carrying for the past several minutes. You're gonna have to learn to do things like bring up the Inventory screen and heal yourself WHILST RUNNING down a corridor avoiding enemy fire. And most of all, you're gonna learn to Save just about every time you pick up a new item or defeat a fresh enemy.But with a little patience and just a teeny tiny bit of skill - Lord knows, I have precious little of the latter - you might actually manage to defeat the completely insane HAL - whoops, make that SHODAN - and emerge triumphant in a world ruled over by rampant technology. Sounds like a nice change from your normal day-to-day existence, don't it?Highly recommended to anyone who enjoys a not-entirely-mindless ""shooter"", and an absolute must-play for anyone with an interest in the history of such games. Doom, Quake, Half-Life, THIS...that's just about the list, I believe. I guess I should probably play System Shock 1 some time, too. Dang, no rest for the wicked...Verdict: 9.5/10."
,Recommended,238210,8904505,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,get back im evil :^),One of the best..
,Recommended,238210,9188465,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,SkyeShark☢,"This is the absolute best game in history and there's several high definition packs out there to make the textures less jarringly low-res and the models have more than 3 polys. If you haven't played it you need to. It is the game which created my all-time favorite game type; shooter-RPG hybrids. SS2 is the direct cause of the entire Deus Ex series and the entire Bioshock series. On top of all that, strangely enough it has 4 person story co-op. Rarely any games these days have story co-op. Its a little awkward in the horror-survival setting of SS2, but still that's pretty awesome.Anyways, all around one of the best video games ever made."
,Recommended,238210,11768701,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Hans Brotmeister,"If you never got around to playing System Shock 1 and do not plan to in the near future you can read up on everything that happened before System Shock 2here. In all honesty though, since we now have an updated version of System Shock 1 available on Steam and GOG there is no reason not to play it.The protagonist of System Shock 2 is soldier G65434-2, one of the UNN soldiers aboard the Rickenbacker. After awaking from cold sleep with no memory of the journey up to this point he awakens on the Von Braun's medical/science deck. He is immediately greeted via intercom by Dr. Janice Polito, the Von Braun's senior systems analyst. She tells him that the ship is under the control of an unknown force and she needs the soldier to help her retake control of the ship. Also, she was responsible for having the soldier implanted with military grade cyberware. Thus soldier G65434-2 gets on his way to get control over the ship back with only Dr. Polito guiding him.System Shock 2 is one of the games that are really hard to define by genre. One could call it an action adventure survival horror game with elements of first person shooters and roleplaying games. On the surface it plays like an FPS but has much more complexity to it. At the beginning of the game the player can choose the soldiers' military background thus giving him some starting abilities. All further upgrades are done ingame via cyber modules. The military branch only effects the starting abilities, any ability can be learned during the game. The three classes are Marine, Navy and O.S.A. Agent. While the marine focuses on weapons, the navy soldier is skilled at hacking and the O.S.A agent can use psi powers.The game is all about managing your resources. The cyber modules are hard to find and increasing levels of abilities also have increasing cost. There are numerous helpful abilities. You can choose to increase attributes like strength, dexterity and cyber as well as weapon abilities (standard, energy, heavy, exotic) which are prerequisite for using certain weapons. You'll also want to learn some tech abilities like hacking or modifying and and maintaining weapons. Hacking can help you bypass security systems, open secure crates or make vending machines sell additional items at a cheaper price. Tech abilities can greatly help you tip the hostile environment in your favor. Tech abilities also feature research. Research allows you to get additional information about enemies or items giving you passive bonuses against those enemies or enabling you to use those items. If you're playing heavy on psi abilities many of your cyber modules will go into those since some of the more expensive abilities are extremely powerful.System Shock 2's sound design and level design alone is worth a look. The game conveys the feeling of being alone in a hostile environment where everything is out to kill you. The ship feels large and you will revisit areas of it, unlocking paths there were closed off before. Searching all the rooms for consumables, access cards, ""money"" (nanites) and cyber modules is worth it since you will need all the resources you can get. You will also come along various audio logs that contain interesting background and also valuable information. Some of the crew have left several audio logs. If you find all of them they convey short stories about those characters.There's only one thing about System Shock 2 that I imagine could turn people off: it is really complex and some people may find overcomplicated. But if you like complex games or are willing to overlook that fact you are in for a hell of a ride with great gameplay depth, interesting and enjoyable characters, a convincing, sprawling environment and a creepy, chilly atmosphere.More reviewshere"
76561198071619857,Recommended,238210,13356083,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,✯Little Johnson✯,It's a dollar. It's good. It's the season of giving. Why not give it?
,Recommended,238210,10914876,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Mapleleafman,The smile this game put on my face for a $1.50 and 5min to mod was worth it. Nice Graphics for old game mod pack helps alot from NeutralX2 site has 1 complete mod pack too easyWill do a game review once I get some play time after house cleaning.Great old time score
,Recommended,238210,8491142,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,⌠Stark⌡,"I recommend this game to anybody who will listen. Great story with some twists and turns along the way that'll keep you coming back. Some may find it hard to get into, but once you find your stride the game flows beautifully."
76561198076926164,Recommended,238210,17500052,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Pavol,"Best 99 cents ive spend, this game is a masterpiece!"
76561198000927503,Recommended,238210,8223372,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,stocko88,"A classic FPS/RPG/Sci-Fi/Horror game. Deus Ex, Bioshock, Dead Space and others were all the result of this game's influence. If you enjoy any of those franchises, do yourself a favour and buy this game. Not only does this game build the most tense atmosphere of any game I have played to date, it even looks half decent with the high resolution graphics mods out there! Recommended."
76561197969451188,Recommended,238210,8381495,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,ᴿᴺᴳ Mjølnir,"The good: Fantastic sci-fi game that expertely combines first person shooting and rpg elements. Apart from having the standard arsenal of fps weapons, you get to use psi powers (""magic abilities""), such as shooting energy bolts or pulling objects to you. Though the main appeal of the game is its story. Dark and enthralling, System Shock evokes feelings of utterly loneliness on a space ship were everyone has died or turned cyborg. Immersion is deepened by recordings that can be found throughout the ship, and makes the player curious to find out what exactly happened.The bad: The game came out in 1999, and its age is showing. The graphics are blurry and outdated, and combat is clunky, so don't expect anything state of the art. I personally wasn't too bothered by the outdated graphics, as it lends it a nostalgic feeling. Though there are mods that enhance the graphics, such as hi res textures and new gun and enemy models.The verdict: An absolute classic when it comes to PC gaming, and still very much playable today. Top notch story, combat and freedom to create ones own character. Many of its features can be found in Levine's other fantastic game, Bioshock. Dystopian topic, immersive story through sound recordings, plasmids instead of psi powers and a mini crafting system. Without this, games such as Deus Ex would have never existed."
,Recommended,238210,8265101,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,jdarksun,"This is possibly my most favorite game of all time.  If you have not played it, and you have any interest in a horror-themed FPS with RPG elements, buy this game."
76561197990269825,Recommended,238210,20058556,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,M. Ridley,"This game was ahead of its time. Not so much now, but it still stands as one of the best FP/RPG hybrids ever made."
76561198039305661,Recommended,238210,22726267,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,gunsaremagic,very good game definitely a thumbs up
76561198039327250,Recommended,238210,16862375,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Tynarin,"I bought this game for 0.99€, same prize as a Mcdonalds cheeseburger, but this game was so much more worth it. And just like a cheeseburger this game can give you a heart attack too, it's win win10/10"
76561198097855079,Recommended,238210,10410198,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Shai Hulud,Nah
76561198003647128,Recommended,238210,14785606,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Jakuri,"Rich story-telling and clever game mechanics result in one of the greatest games of all time.  Even without graphic and sound addons, System Shock 2 holds up with the current generation of games by being a unique, scifi thriller that has set the tone for its spiritual successors (Bioshock series) and other shooter-RPGs."
,Recommended,238210,28746667,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,paste.xyz,"Legendary game...  I used to play this game when I was young...Everything is perfect... Soundtrack , audio logs, the story... You won't regret buying it... Even now when its a bit old it can beat some new titles released on steam."
76561197973408936,Recommended,238210,28661878,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,pumpkinthehead,Not just because it's a revolution of gaming.  Playing this game now is freaking fun.
,Recommended,238210,17125069,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,GhostEnder98,"Really fun and Creepy Game Mixed with Horror, FPS, and RPG. A MUST have for all the Gamer. :)"
76561197970630960,Recommended,238210,10879585,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Fall Guy,Was brilliant and ahead of it's time.  The graphics have dated but there are mods to bring modernise it.Still worth a play through.
,Recommended,238210,11651539,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Heleween,Seriously one of the best pc games out there!!! The creepy atmosphere is awesome!!  Shodan is scarier then Glados!!
,Recommended,238210,7931049,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,gette,"In my talons, I shape clay, crafting life forms as I please. Around me is a burgeoning empire of steel. From my throne room, lines of power careen into the skies of Earth. My whims will become lightning bolts that devastate the mounds of humanity. Out of the chaos, they will run and whimper, praying for me to end their tedious anarchy. I am drunk with this vision. God. The title suits me well."
76561198052535830,Recommended,238210,9186726,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Mattzane,With this games coop animations you will have a great time with easy to host servers and funny as hell animations if u dont like this game u can still laugh your♥♥♥♥♥off at the hiting animation with the wrench
,Recommended,238210,7380180,"Posted: 13 October, 2013",all,Oskulock,"""In my talons, I shape clay, crafting life forms as I please. Around me is a burgeoning empire of steel. From my throne room, lines of power careen into the skies of Earth. My whims will become lightning bolts that devastate the mounds of humanity. Out of the chaos, they will run and whimper, praying for me to end their tedious anarchy. I am drunk with this vision. God: the title suits me well."" -ShodanWriting like this is one of the prime examples of why people who played PC games in the 90's don't really enjoy the games that come out these days."
,Recommended,238210,9952886,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Gurg cultist,you need system shark if you dont have system shark your shark cant be a system do you understand?
,Recommended,238210,3215675,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,Jurassic Jord!,"WHOAAAAAA! I picked it up because of its high metacritic score and lots of people say it's a classic and one of the most important shooter. I later found out it was made by Irrational Games, the ones who made my one of my favorite games, Bioshock. The ressemblances are striking. It's really quite the experience to play the spiritual ancestor of Bioshock. The controls may intimidate players but the whole gameplay isn't meant for your average gamer. I suggest you to configure the keys to something you're more used to. Any Bioshock fan will feel at home in this game. The pacing is similar although the map are less straight forward. It's incredibly challenging, yet, rewarding. Ammo, health packs, respawn areas, weapons, everything is scarce. I gotta admit that I had to use the console frequently to help myself. I highly suggest you to quicksave as often as you can. I bound quicksave to Enter and quickload to Backspace. The ending is quite amazing also. I wish I'd discover this earlier when I was a kid but in 1999 I was 5. Great game, a must have for Bioshock fans, at $2,50 it's a steal!"
,Recommended,238210,18127868,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,furry vore enthusiast,"Defuse a bomb.Now fight off three bears while defusing the bomb.Now get mugged while fighting the bears and defusing the bomb.Now charm several snakes back into their baskets all at once while getting mugged, fighting the bears and defusing the bomb.Now be on a plane being hijacked by terrorists while charming the snakes, getting mugged, fighting the bears and defusing the bomb.Now do all of that while covered in bees that will sting you at the sligthest abrupt movement or shakiness.All of that still isn't as stressfull as this game."
,Recommended,238210,16834615,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,The Chad Insurrection,"While System Shock 2 is an old game, it still holds up well. It may have dated graphics, but the game can be pretty scary at times. It has a great amount of complexity, with different skill paths and attributes. The game is not very forward, and many times you will find yourself lost or very confused.8/10"
,Recommended,238210,10851284,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Goatmantastic,Fantastic game! Highly recommend... best played through singleplayer with the lights off and the sound cranked up for maximum creepiness. Be sure to grab the texture and model mods to bring the graphics up to a more modern-palateable standard :PAlso worth playing co-op with a mate.
76561198035673790,Recommended,238210,27365806,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Wintermute,Yes
,Recommended,238210,21017670,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Shnick,"System shock 2 is one of the best sci fi horror rpg that I have ever played. The game takes place on the worlds first star ship ""The Van Braun"", unfortunately, the ship has been taken over by an hybrid force known as ""The Many"", you would then have to explore and do certain task to reach your main objective.The level design is great the graphics are not great but you could download mods to optimize your graphics. There is something called ""fan missions"", fan missions are levels that you could download off of websites, fan missions are my favorite part about system shock 2 because you could create your own custom levels and the fan missions you could get are VERY fun! The soundtrack for the game is one of the best that I have ever heard, some songs are creepy, some are awesome, but sometimes they will start creepy and then they would sound kick butt. The gameplay is slow paste at first, but the more you level up, it will start to become a bit more fast paste and at some points chaotic. There is multiplayer, but you would need to download a program in order to play with your friends.The story and chrectors are well written, the AI could be stupid at some points but its usually not a problem for this game.I give this game a 8/10"
,Recommended,238210,16452287,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,jdoggg,"it is a good game from what ive played, the customization was immpeciable for a game older than me, i didnt play much of this game, however, before i swiftly filled the house with teh smell of feaces, i have been politely told ""never to play that swine game and clear the floor before i turn off the internet!"" needless  to say, i wont be playing it anymore, it was a lot more scary than i thought was possible in the ninetys, all in all good game10/10 would crap again"
76561198016071460,Recommended,238210,27687418,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,gio,Gioco divertente
,Recommended,238210,154966,"Posted: 16 August, 2013",all,Believer,"SS2 is one of those rare games/movies that affect you so profoundly...emotionally, cognitively, physiologically...that you are simultaneously overwhelmed by the experience and sadly resigned to the fact you can't forget it all and experience it for the first time again.  It has plot twists that sucker punch you like The Sixth Sense, and depth that challenges your mind like Inception.  The atmosphere alone is enough to make you feel a sense of fear and dread while playing.  Be warned though, if you're idea of a great game is the latest eye-candy-scripted-shooter you can play through in 10-12 hours, you may miss the point and experience of SS2.  You actually have to read and think to fully experience the game ;-)  In case you spring for it, here are a couple of links to help you get the most out of your first experience:SS2 ModdingSS2 Newbie GuideTTLG SS2/Thief Fan SiteI highly suggest loading all the mods in the steam forum post, as they will improve the graphics significantly.  Here's hoping you enjoy it as much as I did the first time!"
,Recommended,238210,21509391,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Foxysen,"System Shock 2 is a mix of FPS, RPG and even survival horror, Irrational Games's sequel to the the Looking Glass's classic using their Dark Engine, released in 1999. You probably know this game as ""that some random game that every classic gamer is required to be bonkers about"". It also was supposed to come out for Sega Dreamcast but didn't. Shame.Then in 2013 this game got rereleased digitally thanks to Night Dive studios. Who are quire a heroes, managing to bring this IP out of legal hell, as it was owned by three companies. With some insurance company being one. Now they own it and thus were able to re-release System Shock games so we can all buy it legally and digitally. They also updated the game to work on modern system.Technically, this game should work pretty nicely on modern systems. It supports widescreen too.However I had a strange glitch where cutscene movies will not play if I had Firefox Internet browser running. No idea what was conflicting there. But I guess it's just your everyday PC Oh-So-Master Race thing. HA!This game also includes coop multiplayer. Not sure about multiplayer community, after all it doesn't use server browser, you have to connect directly to IP. So don't expect to just play with random, gotta nag friends up.And from what I heard multiplayer is there because EA, the original publisher, demanded it. It really is single-player experience. So I guess it's something just-for-funz, not designed for. I just know that they would put game on Hard difficulty. But I didn't yet play it.Plotwise the game is a direct continuation of the first System Shock, a cyberpunk setting. Or sci-fi. SHODAN's returns once again, as spoiled by cover art. But there is a new horror you must defeat as well on Von Braun ship, the first ever Faster Than Light ship with unknown side effects, accomplished by the Rivenbark ship for security. Or rather, because PsiOptimum and UNN don't trust each other.Game itself is often called a father of Bioshock games, as well as infulencing other FPS games. There are similar things to it indeed. There is a wrench, there is magical PSI powers, there are logs to learn stories and codes.You will explore the ship, trying to survive and often backtracking. Ammo is rare and you often will have to use wrench. While also having RPG system that will decide what you can do and what you currently can't equip.And when compared to System Shock 1 it pretty much adds two things heavily: RPG elements and Survival Horror.Yet I can't help but to feel dissapointment in this mix of FPS and RPG. Probably because I loved the first one more. The first game was about world immersion, it was about combining all the elements into one belivable game. It had RPG elements, but cleverly implented. You was growing in power, but you did it not with some stats management but by finding new weapons and new hardware, which gave you new powers that you also had to use wisely.It also gave you full feeling that it was YOU who was taking on SHODAN. No pointers, no objective clearly written, you had to figure it all out by yourself from logs.The sequel hovewer decided to add much more videogamey RPG elements to it, that it pretty much screws the original ideology of System Shock. The stats building ones, yep. And yea, it's one of those cases where the abstraction of RPG elements doesn't fit perfectly with FPS immersion. Like, for example, you need to have at least 3 points in ""standard"" weapons category to equip shotgun. Like, we aren't talking about shooting horribly, it's about not knowing how to pull the trigger, it seems.It also isn't well balanced either. There are options that are much more efficient than others. And some options are so unefficient in how much precious points they require, it's hard for me to say that this game is designed for variety of playstyle. More like for punishing for not knowing what's ahead. It's a linear game after all, with 10+ hours requirement, so it's not sliding. Like, here high investments into hacking, mantaintance and standart weapons are requirements, but no one will tell you so.Ok, I just did. Welp, at least was lucky that my build was using those so I didn't screw myself.That, and it feels a bit more dumbened down as well. Ok, more specific, in the name of RPGness, the hacking mini-games were changed from the proper puzzles into just stat-checking RNG thing. And lots of PSI magic weren't so useful.SHODAN also felt less signifant here, strange that she gained any reputation of character and made every second person on retro forum have her as avatar because of this sequel. That, and I felt much less like I was the one who was moving on storyline, instead being felt like an errand boy. With all objectives clearly being told to you in PDA notes, along with all codes that you have ever saw, so there is only a single time you have to kinda remember and analyse it yourself (""art"" part).I mean, it's not exactly what I would usually complain much. I don't hate what people call ""casualized"" fun. Like it, even. But we are talking about sequel to System Shock 1. And not just sequel, but the one which is called hardcore old classic and has 96 metacritic score and just gets praised as best game ever. And I came in with my body and mind ready for such thing. But oh well.Not to say that this sequel is a lost cause. After all it adds more of survival horror to it and some of it is awesome! Thanks to technology of 1999 too. It feels even less abstract and more like real ship. And with such technology, it can show horror much more effective. Mind it, there are no jumpscares. Just twisted, trippy things going on, especially as the end comes closer. It really is quite experience. With nice ambient music occasionally. And action ones too.Heck, it even makes you often feel unsafe. There is nothing like being busy reading a newly acquired log only to notice a mutant walking into the room where you are hiding.I also liked the fact that it was taking itself more like survival horror gameplay-wise too, where your ammo and recources are scarse. And everything costs nanities (money thing) now. Well, they kept respawning chamber thing which may not fit with survival, but at least it costs nanities too, even if very very cheap.It even makes ammo scarse and all guns are easily breakable. Which sounds like survival horror thing. Almost. Because they didn't manage to balance it right, as early in game guns break so much that they are more scarse than ammo. And later in game the whole survival horror feels to go away and instead replaced by just hard corridor shooter. And hard corridor shooter isn't same as hard survival horror.Not to mention that while other Survival Horror have ""shoot or run"" thing, this one has ""WRENCH THEM ALL and sometimes shoot"". No, seriously, melee there is pretty much for everything aside from worms because they are too tiny. Annoying thing. System Shock 1 also had you using melee a lot, but that was because it was very effective and thus mixing of melee/ranged was fun. In SS2, I dunno, it just isn't. You use unfun melee because game doesn't want you to have fun.Okay, I actually had a fun. And as said, I got lucky with my build. Just a shame that in beggining it will not be much fun for most with those gun breakage while at end it deflates. Then again, later levels, after Von Braun ship, are quite generic and mediocre, really.Also, research mechanic was interesting. Real-time slow process which also requires visiting chemistry rooms for some chemistry, as there are too many to carry.But you know, it's quite a goody adventure otherwise. Albeit not the best game ever, sure thing it's not. Quite overrated. But hey, that happens sometimes. Hopefully System Shock 3 will be more in line of what System Shock 1 was standing for.That, and I want to take one of those maintaince bots to my house. Too cute."
,Recommended,238210,10715925,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Ali Kharazi,"This game is considered a classic for a good reason. It is the clear inspiration for many great games after it such as Deus Ex, and Dead Space. It has also aged surprisingly well for a game from 1999. This is a must play."
76561198057443272,Recommended,238210,10730776,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,one thousand ants,"absolutely one of the most bone chilling gaming experiences i've had the pleasure of undergoing. if you let yourself get immersed, or worse, comfortable, you will be in for the most pleasantly unpleasant 10 hours of your game life.of course, 90s textures can only do so much for the horror atmosphere, which is why i recommend graphical enhancement mods like SHTUP, which can be found on the system shock forum (first result on google) and also mods for weapon models and the like. SHMUP is also a vital enhancement since it attempts to fix the low bitrate soundtrack, which improves immersion. theres a list of recommended mods on reddit that have every texture mod you could like.the story, gameplay, UI and level design are all genius, and require your full attention at all times, since you will find yourself backtracking a lot and needing to go back to storages or other areas for your own benefit. no quest markers here, just a minimap and your memory.the only real complaint i have about this game is the lack of strafing and then the unfortunate end cutscene, which i like to pretend never happened. overall this game is an incredibly pleasing experience, well worth 10 dollars or any sale price."
76561198108859397,Recommended,238210,10811039,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,alexashman,"A classic. If you like the concept and gameplay offered by BioShock and don't mind graphics and an inventory system on par with the original Deus Ex, then this game is for you."
,Recommended,238210,10534424,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,ed,One of the best Sci Fi games ever.Great atmosphere.Can get scary and very tense at times.Gameplay is not the greatest but its doable.Story is very good.Mods can make the game look better if you feel it looks very dated.
76561198103536127,Recommended,238210,10148653,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Toasty Waffles,System Shock 2 is a really atmospheric game and I reccomend it to anyone who likes bioshock.
,Recommended,238210,8674326,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,sambaker743,"As someone who only just played this game for the first time last week, I can definitely say that this is one of my top 10 FPS games. The gameplay, while a mesh of three different genres, does it very well. Combat works well, and is satisfying. Movement is a bit wonky, but it's easy enough to get used to. I love the character building element, meaning a different experience depending on what you choose to upgrade, both early and later in the game.The story is great, as well as the atmosphere. Listening to the audio logs to fill in the story, all relies on you, and it really sucks you into the game. I love how you can explore the whole ship, and it IS a ship, complete with everything you expect a ship to contain, including bathrooms (minor detail, but again helps the immersion). After a while, you really begin to dread most things, especially once you slowly realize just how alone you are on this ship full of monsters, killer cyborgs, and murderous AI's.While the game looks old now, being it's been 15 years, you can easily mod the game using the new engine (included with the Steam release), as well as other aspects. The music, amazing, though a tad out of place in my opinion (only the hyper-techno sections, the normal ""horror"" segments are great for the feel). While it didn't ""scare"" me as much as I had hoped, I still got a little spooked just at the story alone, as well as some of the enemies (Cyborg Midwives, holy crap). As I said, atmosphere is king, and you do well to allow yourself to get ""sucked in"" to the game.Overall, a great release; and after playing it from a modern standpoint, I still think it holds up well today. I believe now when people say it's one of the most ""innovative"" FPS games in the last 20 years, as well as it's overall quality. Worth a shot, definitely now that it's available to everyone on modern machines thanks to Steam."
76561198063034174,Recommended,238210,8848707,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Mrs. Cancerpants,"I gotta say this game is good-ish. Definitely worth trying, you will not regret trying it if you like action/horror and old school puzzle games. It has its frustrating points but you get through them. It can get very hard at times. Though it struggles to not stay repetitive gameplay wise, the story is pretty alright. Now we wait hopefully for a third game?"
76561198060960383,Recommended,238210,25057414,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Virvoitusjuoma,"I got this game after playing through Bioshock. I gotta say, it's a steal for 10€. If the graphics are not an issue you will enjoy this game. Im about half-way through and I can't stop playing. It's addictive, Pretty challenging and it makes you stop and think for your next move, It's a must have for every PC gamer.BTW. when playin, turn the music off, the  music feels out of place most of the time and the game has a lot more atmosphere."
,Recommended,238210,11839221,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Deemo,"Since this game was made in 1999 you notice how crappy the graphics or NPC's are, however, this game is amazing, the potientail that this game has is outstanding. I was pretty much, hoping for the author to pop out all of the sudden and say ""I plan to update this game completly, everyone who bought System Shock 2 Will get a free copy of the new updated game System Shock 3 :)"" But that didn't happen, Oh well, at least we have you system shock 2. The game itself is good, if you know what to do and how to do it, if you don't know what to do or where to go, then you might as well be trying to eat pie without your mouth. I really enjoy it, and i was suprised on how good the game was considering the fact it was made, a while back, not only that but i was also suprised on how smoothly it ran throught the whole time i was playing, perhaps it got scared of the old graphics. I would recommend this game to the people that are open minded when it comes to old games, don't mind playing old video games, and people who like scare's now and then. Would not recommend to people whom Dislike horror games, outdated graphics and plots, ect ect. Other than that I would rate 11/10 Cats."
76561197962301472,Recommended,238210,33757615,Posted: 23 July,all,[WB] MR PANTS,"Ah, System Shock 2.  This is certainly a game I have fond memories of.  As a younger me, I remember playing this game with the lights out and being pretty freaked out by it back when it was new.  Since it showed up cheap on steam, I figured I would revisit.I played System Shock 1 for the first time before playing System Shock 2, and I gotta say, a lot of things make more sense.  I played System Shock 2 all those years ago without having played the first and had a hard time following things here and there.  If you're interested in the story, I recommend you play SS 1 first.The good news is, System Shock 2 is basically a modern game; it actually ran in 4K (albiet with the fonts being unreadable) which surprised me!  You will have to alter the keymapping a little to make it fit modern expectations; in particular, 'S' being duck instead of backstep threw me off.  But, you can change the keymap easily and most of the keys make sense otherwise.As for the bad news, well, that comes somewhat late in the game.  The Von Braun is a joy to explore; it's a very detailed (for the time period) ship with lots of places to wander around in, and plenty of scares around the corners.  While this game is in no way ""scary"" as it was when I was younger, there were the occasional startles as something randomly showed up behind me.  And the sound effects are really nicely unnerving; the game keeps a lot of its original charm.However, towards the end of the game, things start to fall down a bit.  Not to spoil anything, but it seems to me there's a point at which they ran out of money and the last part of the game is really tiresome and ugly.  To some degree its supposed to be ugly on purpose, but, its ugly in a rushed kind of way in my opinion and it seems like the game would have been better off shorter.I remember from my first playthrough that I hated the end part;  I still do.  It starts to get more reliant on jumping abilitiy as well towards the end, which in this game is really obnoxious and floaty.I really don't enjoy the game play towards the end; didn't back then, didn't now.  However, the ride to that point was a lot of fun, and I would still recommend this as a piece of gaming history.  Just... you might want to just you-tube the ending if you get to a frustrating point with the jumps :)"
76561198151992073,Recommended,238210,12387751,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Pajakus,Classic 10/10
,Recommended,238210,13360298,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,BunnyKill,"It's considered one of the best games ever made and I have to agree with this. It's mechanics as old as they are, are extraordinary. The RPG element is very in depth, the story is also very good with some nice voice acting but not a very good shooting element. Anyway, I really really have to recommend this game to everyone."
76561198030112104,Recommended,238210,12396032,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,HelmsmanFresh,"As the precursor (or spiritual predecessor, if you will) to BioShock, System Shock 2 will feel familiar to fans of Ken Levine's undersea adventures with its emphasis on weapon- and power-based gameplay, exploratory levels, and varied upgrade system that lets you craft your character to your liking. If you're a fan of classic RPGs, then this game is for you. A nice combination of action, sci-fi, and horror, System Shock 2 may very well leave your system shocked."
76561198161410053,Recommended,238210,22903216,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,SolidSnake3369,Like Bioshock only in space. Woah.
,Recommended,238210,7503273,"Posted: 28 October, 2013",all,K U N P H,"This is one of my favorite games right now. The way it makes you feel is like nothing like other Survival Horror games. You feel like your being controlled, your every move monitored. But seriously this is an amazing game and you should experience it for yourself!"
,Recommended,238210,14937825,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Dickey™,"The Godfather of Fps/Rpg hybrids and grand daddy of bioshock.must play if you're into games like bioshock, deus ex, stalker, or fallout"
,Recommended,238210,1127264,"Posted: 13 September, 2013",all,space botany,The best game.
,Recommended,238210,35430082,Posted: 2 October,all,¿ϟϟ💀Gnuels4ror💀ϟϟ¿,Good crap
,Recommended,238210,32795040,Posted: 25 June,all,NateRFB,Great game.
76561197986836996,Recommended,238210,35465256,Posted: 4 October,all,^1Wolfen^8Crest,"Di-diiiiirrrty inn-insec-c-insect, ho-o-ow cou-ul-could you still n-n-nnnnnnot b-b-buy th-h-hi-th-this peace of g-g-genious?"
,Recommended,238210,9392003,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,saikokitten,"One of the greatest games ever. A fantastic blend of everything I love about games. Great elements of narrative, RPG, shooting, powers, item management. Great detailed ability customisation, play the way you want. Also, SHODAAAAANNNNN.Yes, it's old now, but it (to me) doesn't feel overly dated, especially with the fantastic fan mods applied. Great for a challenge too, when you get tired of how easy a lot of games are nowadays, going back to classics like SS2 is just wonderful. If you have played it before, buy it again, it's a great blast of nostalgia and still holds up. If you haven't played it before, I honestly can't see you disliking it if you like shooters, RPGs, great games.Please please please play this game."
,Recommended,238210,12467800,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,[鹿島] hukino,das spiel Ist absolut Geil Kauf empfehlung
76561198064114593,Recommended,238210,8245545,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Stuart,"MONKEYS IN SPACE WAS THE BEST ♥♥♥♥ING IDEA THE HUMAN RACE EVER HAD , APART FROM MAKING SAID MONKEYS FIRE ♥♥♥♥ING ROCKETS, Monkeys aside this is a fantastic game and more people should know what this is, System shock 2 is a wonderful sci-fi horror rpg from the 90's don't let the looks put you off I've had a blast playing it, Best played with a friend."
76561197970813650,Recommended,238210,7712649,"Posted: 21 November, 2013",all,Stirling_SAS,"My absolute favourite game of all time. Still gives me chills. Way ahead of its time.Don't be deceived by my steam hrs in game, I bought retail version and played through game."
,Recommended,238210,7749252,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Wizlord,very nice game just like nba feat jayz.except i still cant wait for standalone jayz
,Recommended,238210,1099063,"Posted: 10 May, 2013",all,DonGurke,"""How can you challenge a perfect immortal machine?"""
,Recommended,238210,10027017,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Mkool,"!!!WARNING SPOILER ALERT!!!""Nah"""
,Recommended,238210,11044306,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,I'm the Cook,"sheeeet dis game lik amensia except u can wrench and shoot dem crazi zombs and they always yellin stuf lik ""KIL ME"" or ""JOIN US"" which i gues adds to deh already scari atomusphere. there's also som hackin stuf and psi powers lik bioshok. shodan is also a b**h. i recommend."
,Recommended,238210,9233751,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Arrus,"Look at you hacker..This is definetly one of the best games of all times. Shame that they don't make such titles nowadays. Despite its age, still loving it."
,Recommended,238210,7766330,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Denhonator,"The game that instantly became my favorite!Have you ever wished for a well made fps sci-fi horror game, with RPG elements and co-op? I have, and I found what I was looking for. You get to choose what kind of a character you want; it can be based bullet based weapons, melee weapons, energy weapons, psi powers, explosives, or specialize in many of them!Use your special skills to smack those zombies and other creatures, and there are even a couple of boss fights ;)5/5"
76561198025902156,Recommended,238210,28751444,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,(AB) Slow Moth,"System Shock 2 is a nearly twenty year old game. System Shock 2 is a very dated game. System System Shock 2 is a clunky game to play. System Shock 2 has balancing problems.  System Shock 2 has an abusable save game system. System Shock 2's soundtrack is filled with unfitting (albeit killer) thumping big beat electronic music half the time. System Shock 2 looks like old cheese. System Shock 2 has a terrible ending. System Shock 2 is not for everyone, at all.System Shock 2 is a nearly twenty year old game. System Shock 2 is a very good game anyway. System Shock 2 allows a diverse range of playstyles. System Shock 2 is still frightening even now. System Shock 2 has a deliciously rocky difficulty. System Shock 2 has engaging emergent systems. System Shock 2 tells its story through spooky (albeit cheesy) audio logs. System Shock 2 tells its story through environment, too. System Shock 2 is unique because it forces players to think about their actions carefully. System Shock 2 is still a very special and very good game even today."
,Recommended,238210,11952972,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,emp.YellowSwerve,"The OG Bioshock, just think what's the opposite of a System? I Biooooooooooooooooo. If you liked Bioshock you'll love this, and if you've never played either you'll love it. A perfect game for it's time, and one that still is much better than many of the games released today. Completely worth the full price of $10"
76561198049183091,Recommended,238210,12543079,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,CanisLupus4285,"The predecessor to Bioshock - as in, an FPS with really interesting RPG mechanics. There are multiple classes each of which work differently, as well as an intriguing story found through tapes and a very creepy atmosphere with creepiness and jumpscares aplenty."
,Recommended,238210,9077499,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Nihil,Best game.
,Recommended,238210,34150084,Posted: 10 August,all,ZaidusRecon,"It's in hundreds of top ten lists for a reason.""There’s an incredible amount of complexity... The full RPG system, the modifiable, configurable weapons, the differing ammo types (and the accompanying differing vulnerabilities of monsters), the psionic disciplines, the research component, the character growth, the traits and every other of the dozens of systems in Shock 2 had to be built, balanced and tuned... upon the core first person gameplay.""-- Quoting from the game manual found amongst the installation files.System Shock 2 features an immense array of FPS/RPG mechanics, enough to mock modern FPS/RPGs (even the platforming!). Rather than run through them all, I'll let you discover them as you play.As you'd expect, you can invest in a few skills to match your play style, and accordingly be uniquely rewarded; this allows for superb replayability.The story/lore is fascinating, a continuous discovery that unfolds right to the end.Though old, the horror aspect is still present and powerful, with tangible atmosphere and audio design of highest quality, sporting exceptional voice acting, too.Furthermore, this is no linear game. The spacial progress can be considered fairly basic, but the variety and complexity of objectives is substantial. Mindlessly running and gunning may get you the distance, but won't find you any hidden codes, remove the radiation, or conduct research into alien biology. The combat may be the core of the game, but your smart thinking is what's going to see the ship fixed and the enemy infestation uprooted.The developers had incredible foresight to make System Shock 2 moddable and put in a cooperative multiplayer option, among other things.The variety of mechanics, balance between them, the satisfying FPS centre, and the immersive setting all come together to form a unique and incredible game experience, making System Shock 2 stand out from the time of its release to the present - enough to rival Half-Life, Deus Ex, and even modern Fallout games. Personally, System Shock 2 is my favourite of all those.The gameplay fits the usual 1999 level of challenge, and reward. The initial learning curve can be rather difficult. I recommend you take it slow, refer to the map and objectives (""notes"") often, and perhaps even immerse yourself and pretend it is a real experience. If you need more help, there's a perfect, (mostly) spoiler-free guidehttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=280186132"
76561198069614489,Recommended,238210,22903947,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Rashwinter,"The gameplay was great, the story was good, the graphics were kind of ok and the ending was hilarious. If you are into the survival horror genre, I'd recommend this if you can withstand 1999 graphics."
,Recommended,238210,12801046,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Kragor,my friend keeps exploding when we play multiplayer 10/10 would explode again
76561198314215110,Recommended,238210,24744064,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,mistwalker1987,"Absolutely amazing, 17 years on and still a great game i only wish that one day we will have system shock 3, but looking forward to the original reboot, remaster or whatever it is.Hoping one day shodan will destroy earth, i can only dream.Considering its age and what games were like around the time of this i have no choice but give it 10/10, like come on we wouldnt even have bioshock without it can you imagine a world, i would rather not."
76561198091050104,Recommended,238210,30698997,Posted: 23 March,all,Dercula,Set the standard for sci-fi horror. 10/10
76561198131701503,Recommended,238210,34948063,Posted: 14 September,all,anotherphysicsgradstudent,"I picked upSystem Shock 2recently because I like trying out classic games.  Although I had fun with it, it's certainly a game that has aged poorly.  A combination of advances in technology and design, plus many of its ideas being copied by other games, weaken the appeal.  That doesn't make this a bad game, rather one that's not for everyone.The most obvious sign of age is the graphics.  I usually say that gameplay is more important, butSS2is from the age of 3D where people look really weird.  While that kind of works for the corrupted monstrosities, the ordinary characters seen in flashbacks suffer the same problem, and this hinders immersion.  This is something you have to be able to accept to properly experience the game.A more serious obstacle is the interface.  It's a bad sign when any decent walkthrough will start by telling you to open the options menu and rebind movement controls to something less ridiculous.  You need to remember a lot of keyboard shortcuts to avoid having to use the clunky inventory screen in the middle of combat, without pausing.  Part of the problem is that the game gives you a lot of options, with different healing items, weapons, ammunition, stat boosts and so on.  Those who feel modern games are too simple might appreciate the depth, but I still think there's room to streamline things.One gameplay weakness that can't be attributed to its age is the balance.SS2is an action RPG, where you can't hit enemies with a stick without the right skills.  Unfortunately, the different options are unbalanced; for example,Standard Weaponsare vastly superior to the alternative weapon types.  On Normal difficulty, you just about have enough cyber modules to correct a mistake, but it's the sort of game where reading a guide on character builds is highly recommended.Despite the above three paragraphs, I do still recommendSS2.  I've hinted already that the gameplay, while fiddly, offers depth and realism.  There's a curious mix of action and strategy in the need to plan ahead to your next encounter, which you don't find very often.  Not only must you make sure you have the right items, you must ensure they are all either bound to suitable shortcuts or easily arranged in your inventory.  The ability to anticipate the nature of threats also helps.The exploration of theVon Braunis also well done, albeit according to a now-familiar pattern.  The unlocking of different areas gradually is a classic example of gameplay serving the narrative.  The need to access the next area keeps a clear goal at all times, allows a sensible difficulty curve, generally makes sense in-game and also slowly reveals the backstory explaining what has happened.  This has been done in countless games since 1998, but it's still done well here.The story in general holds up okay.  There are some flaws, such as weak voice acting and ""twists"" that can be seen a mile off.  But I found the contrast between organic and machine that runs throughSS2well-done, with some really unsettling imagery and implementation.There's a steep entry price forSystem Shock 2, in the sense of the issues you must overlook to fully appreciate it.  Not everyone will be able to willing to do that.  But if you think you might, I'd certainly encourage checking this out.(Edited to fix formatting error.)"
76561198125763577,Recommended,238210,21378112,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Goblin,"""Look at you Bioshock Infinite Player, Pathetic creature of meat and bone. ♥♥♥♥♥ing and praising a sub par excuse for a successor to one of the greatest games of all time. How can you challenge a perfect, immortal game?""If you're a fan of Bioshock, you owe it to yourself to play this gem.Pros-+Sound design is golden+Horror atmosphere is excellent+Audiologs are used for hints and to expand thelore and story, not like modern games which use itto pad.+So, So, So many ways to approach situations.+Music is good (Although I sugest turning it off,since it kinda ruins the horror build.)Cons--Hitboxes suck-Gunplay is meh, best to use with psi or upgrades-There is a minimap, however only casual Bioshock scrubs will be using this anyway...-Controls are a bit clunky-Some people don't ""get it"" on their first playthrough"
,Recommended,238210,1876679,"Posted: 14 May, 2013",all,Raymond Tracer,Not owning this is like not owning TF2 back when recommendations for Steam was first released. Yeah you better click that Add to Cart button ♥♥♥♥♥!
,Recommended,238210,31356433,Posted: 25 April,all,WrytXander,"This game is one of the most nitpick-able games out there, but not even the mightiest nitpickers can deny this game's utter brilliance. Making clever use of 3D space to create a horrifying FPS/ARPG experience, System Shock 2 is a major precedent when it comes to depth in storytelling and gameplay systems. The role-playing and combat aspects of the game, though unbalanced, manage to add an extra layer of tension and uncertainty to the experience that few other games can claim to have achieved."
,Recommended,238210,11173348,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Khaos,reconfigure controls.reconfigure controls.reconfigure controls.reconfigure controls.reconfigure controls.reconfigure controls.reconfigure controls.reconfigure controls.reconfigure controls.reconfigure controls.reconfigure controls.reconfigure controls.reconfigure controls.reconfigure controls.reconfigure controls.reconfigure controls.reconfigure controls.reconfigure controls.reconfigure controls.reconfigure controls.reconfigure controls.reconfigure controls.reconfigure controls.reconfigure controls.reconfigure controls.reconfigure controls.reconfigure controls.reconfigure controls.reconfigure controls.reconfigure controls.reconfigure controls.reconfigure controls.reconfigure controls.reconfigure controls.reconfigure controls.reconfigure controls.10/10 would reconfigure again
,Recommended,238210,13655897,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Sagie,1000spooky4meTHIS GAME IS SCARY
76561198015447662,Recommended,238210,14510046,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Levi,"My personality- I'm a player who prides himself in trying to experience a game as the makers had originally intended. This includes setting the difficulty in most games to a high enough level that it requires me to put thought into how I invest my limited resources, yet not so difficult that I'm trying to save precious ammo (or health, etc) by fighting a single fight only to run back to the last point of safety to re-group. I also appreciate (somewhat) linear narrative games with in depth plots and character building...REVIEW - I found this game extremely enjoyable for almost it's whole duration. The plot was something I could imerse myself into and get hooked. The character depth was slightly limited (with respect to some of the newer games that have come out) but not so much that it felt like it lacked something. Putting myself back into the year this game was released, I would have indeed called it revolutionary. A great game overall.(SPOILERS) However...I was extremely irritated by one HUGE miss... throughout the game, the choices I made left it literally impossible to defeat the final boss. I had chosen to invest my point in skill other than hacking, which when it came time to fight SHODAN without ICE-picks it was literally impossible to defeat her. I did not find this out till later. I spent a long time fighting her, intrigued and perplexed by the difficulty, I kept telling myself that there was something I'm missing. This increased my anticipation for the moment when I finally figured it out. Eventually I explored what seemed like every option. I resorted, to what I consider my LAST resort, I looked up how to defeat her online. If any of you share my personality, you know how difficult a choice this was. What I discovered was that, in fact, I was doing all the right things, but because of my choices ealier in the game, I could not finish the game. This left me irritated and frustrated. In my opinion one of the best things about a game is the nostalgic feeling that you get when you think about a game that you had finished awhile back. The final boss SHODAN removed this feeling from this game for me entirely. My suggestion... if you really want to experience this game as the revolutionary and awesome game that it truly was... Put at least one point into Hacking!If you take my advice you will experience a great game, unfortunately my own was ruined by a design miss on the developer's part."
,Recommended,238210,19608339,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Sneaky Dim,Banged S.H.O.D.A.N. r-rrr-rright thru her c-cc-corridors.
76561197976515781,Recommended,238210,24456386,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,fishhooks,"If you're a gamer who needs cutting-edge graphics to make a game worthwhile...take a pass on this one.  But to every one else...what are you waiting for?System Shock 2 was (and IS) a crossroads in gaming history.  It's the first true 'hybrid'...combination of horror, survival, RPG, FPS, and story-driven actioner.  PLUS it's got the single greatest 'reveal' in gaming history!  (NOTE - remember that it's 17 years old...if you've been playing that long, you'll remember that games didn't hold a lot of surprises back then.)The mechanics and inventory management aspects are a bit clunky, but they're easily doable once you get into the swing of it.  And unlike a lot of more recent RPG games, you absolutely CAN NOT max all skills, particularly if you go with the hardest settings.  Which means that, on the 'Impossible' rank, you have to be very careful about where you spend your upgrade points.  If you're smart, you may be able to max the one skill that saves your life.First timers may find it a bit of a cliche, but you have to remember...this is the game that created those cliches.  Classic games like Bioshock and Deus Ex were spawned from System Shock 2...so if you are a fan of those games, you owe it to yourself to experience the grandfather of them all."
,Recommended,238210,9579768,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Paulie,"Oldschool video game suttbecks, prepare to bite the pillow, for this game is going in dry!"
,Recommended,238210,258812,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,SHODANFreeman,"If you don't want to spend the rest of your life crying with regret, buy this game and play it.This is the best FPS I've ever played in my life.  Amazing character customization, incredible story, terrifying atmosphere, everything about it is fantastic.  The community has also put in a huge amount of effort keeping the game up to date over the last 18 years with a vibrant modding scene."
,Recommended,238210,19560080,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Kal_wardin,Great FPS-RPG.
,Recommended,238210,13025297,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Alice,I know it is scary but the music is so not. Also bioshock in SPACE with better writing?
01100111011010010,Recommended,238210,25862668,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,√λgaβoηđ,Literally the only game where you can kill yourself by running against the wall.(With a speed booster.)
76561198038190841,Recommended,238210,10331809,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Icarus,"A game from the disturbingly difficult era of PC RPG's, fun but much better with friends. 7/10"
,Recommended,238210,9385046,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,shishkababoo,"Fantastic game, although the controls might need some configuration.Also, it's pure horror."
76561198078573931,Recommended,238210,7834915,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Gary Ridgway,It's Scawry
76561198011299656,Recommended,238210,8264863,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,dyermakn,"Easy mods make this look good enough, dated combat mechanics are the only downside. Otherwise this is one of the best games I have ever played."
,Recommended,238210,8109466,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Sukasa,"Damn good game.  The character graphics are a little dated, but the environment itself has aged spectacularly.  SHODAN is particularly memorable and the game hits a nice mix of horror, difficulty, and survivability.  There's a lot of the Bioshock series' gameplay in this (for those of you who played those before this), which makes sense since the people who made System Shock 2 went on to create the BIoshock games.  Some gore, but most of the horror will come from realizing that you have a particularly powerful enemy around the corner coming after you, and you just ran out of bullets.  Good luck!SS2 isn't easy, and it definitely is the kind of game where a screwup early on can indeed wreck your game later on.  It's perfectly possible to find yourself in a nearly unwinnable situation - don't waste ammunition, be sure to pick up ammo from everywhere you can, and learn to love the melee weapons.All in all, well worth the purchase price, and a classic."
76561197980046433,Recommended,238210,7826255,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Kernel Mustafa,"Once you get past the dated graphics, there's a chilling FPS that requires a ton of strategy."
,Recommended,238210,9255181,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Pumpkinhead,"Look at you, hacker. A pathetic creature of meat and bone, panting and sweating as you run through my corridors. How can you challenge a perfect immortal machine?. . . . .. .. . . .. .. . .  .. . . . . . . . . . .. . . . . . . . . .. .. .  . ..  .. .In 2072 a rogue artificial intelligence, known as SHODAN, lost her mind.  In her limitless imagination, SHODAN saw herself as a goddess destined to inherit the Earth.  That image was snuffed out by her hacker who created her...  . . .  . .. . . .. .. . . . . ...  .  .. ..  .. ..  . . . .. . . . .  .. .(42 years later)...  System Shock 2"
,Recommended,238210,7808590,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Jay Cee Denton,A fantastic game.
,Recommended,238210,2611784,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,Berith,"An amazing game that challenges you, forces you to explore, listen to audio logs and tune yourself to fight the creatures inside the U.N.N. Rickenbacker and Von Braun, known as 'The Many'. A truly amazing game that is still really fun to play even though the graphics are a bit dated.There are 3 branches of Service to go into at the start of the game. The Marines the Navy and the OSA. The Marines are tailored towards heavy, energy and standard weapons to make the most use out of those, while at the same time be a walking tank.The Navy lets you get more technical skills such as being able to hack into computer systems or replicators, and let you research objects in the game to expose the weaknessess of your enemies and discover exotic alien weapons, armor and implants.The OSA are tailored around Psionic disciplines which let you use an amplifier to shoot out large balls of energy at your enemies, increase your resistance to damage and heal yourself among other abilities.Don't like horror games? It's fine. This is an Action RPG with horror elements rather than a horror game with rpg and action elements. Still scared? The game has a fully functioning cooperative mode to play through the campaign with up to 2 friends. Here's a quick guide to setup multiplayerhttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=144319596#52393For $9.99 you can't get a better game. (Even less if it's on sale)"
,Recommended,238210,8860645,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Commando Brando,"This is an old fashion FPS featuring mechanics almost identical to Bioshock. The RPG elements are decent, gameplay is refined and fun. You you enjoy classic FPS then this is the game for you. I loved it"
,Recommended,238210,21041180,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Ground Tank,"A deeply rich action RPG experience with light horror elements that doesn't pull it's punches difficulty-wise.Besides the menu UI and the graphics, the actual game holds up better than most would have you believe. In terms of game design, it's more intricately advanced and multi-layered than most AAA games in the modern era."
,Recommended,238210,8186953,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Eishua,"Simply put a awesome game. You are a soldier assigned to a great expedition ship. You awaken to find out that everything has gone pretty bad. Basically you will find a lot of things that all seem to try and kill you. The game is challenging and unforgiving. Your weapons fail, your ammuntion will run low and every now and then you there is an enemy lurking right next to you scaring the crap out of you. This will force you to be focused all the time adding a certain tension to the game.The tension is enriched by a deeper plot line. After all your puny existanse is a small thing compared to the fate of the ship and so on, and there are people that will remind you of it. To make a few quote ""You must move faster. Your mind cannot conceive of the stakes we are dealing with.""This is only a glimbse into to the game and revealig anything else would be a major spoiler =)Strongly recommended. Maybe it is outdated but who cares. It will beat most games anyway."
,Recommended,238210,890737,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,aquinas,"I've always loved this game, but I think that I appreciate System Shock 2 even more now than when I first played it. The game's tense and even frightening at times. The atmosphere is wonderfully realised and the audio still stands up as an example for modern developers to be inspired by. I think this is why I can appreciate the game so much more in 2013 than I did back when it originally came out, as its juxtaposition against modern games like the Bioshocks emphasize System Shock 2's accomplishments as even more groundbreaking than they once were.The only criticisms I have with playing it in 2013 are temporary criticisms. You'll first want to download a model replacer for npcs. The original low poly models now look a bit silly and clash with the experience the game intends to provide, so get a model replacer mod set up prior to playing. You'll also want to rebind the keys before playing, but it seems like there's an included preset that makes the game control like a modern fps, so switch to that.Make sure to play it with the lights off and the volume up."
76561198042868490,Recommended,238210,10878330,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,thedrew34,"One of the greatest sci-fi RPGs I have ever played. Combat may not be the most satisfying, but the story is compelling, the character building is great, and while the replayability might be limited, I found the game a lot more addictive than current offerings such as Fallout."
,Recommended,238210,123115,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,emnii,"System Shock 2 is the spiritual predecessor to Bioshock, Deus Ex, and many other FPS-RPG games. It's one of those ageless classics that games today are still borrowing and learning from. It has been trapped in the Windows 98 era for far too long, and finally re-released in an official capacity only within this year. It is absolutely worth playing if you're into FPS-RPGs, sci-fi, cyberpunk, or stories about rampant AIs."
76561197970840537,Recommended,238210,10743519,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,infin,"An all-time favorite of mine, and one of the first games to ever frighten me.  Buy it, mod it (to make the dated graphics a bit less obtrusive), and spend some time with a classic."
,Recommended,238210,186898,"Posted: 15 May, 2013",all,Codem4nZL1,"An epic classic from a time when developers went for more than polygon count.The graphics are a bit dated at this point, however the story and atmosphere easily make up for that...not to mention the still all time best villain of all time...SS2 is easily one of my favorites of all time and I would highly recommend the original System Shock as well (it's free now).  I enjoyed the BioShock games, but they pale in comparison to the System Shock universe...here's hoping that they made a third some day."
,Recommended,238210,14008770,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Aerodash,"I did not play System Shock 2 until 2014, and have never played its namesake.System Shock 2 is not a good FPS. It was never designed to be a great FPS. It is an old game that shows many signs of age. The textures are dated. The models are dated.It is an old game.What then, makes me recommend System Shock 2? What is its relevance along technically advanced games of more modern times? It is the marriage of forgettable FPS and engaging RPG mechanics that surprise me. It is the interesting characters and fleshed out backstory that make me want to see it through. It is the complex level designs that show me attention to detail. All of these elements are reason why I review the title positively. SS2 was made before its time and yet its creation still influences games today. It is an important part of gaming as a whole and deserves to be looked at.If you can see past the age and the odd hitch, pick System Shock 2 up, tweak the controls, slap on a texture mod, and experience SHODAN.Please Consider: There are no mission arrows. The map can be unhelpful. Codes from audio logs must be typed manually."
,Recommended,238210,14965012,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,deviousbehaviour,"Amazing.Surprisingly scary, and the old-school graphics don't detract, they just make it easy to run on my computer.I can already tell that Dead Space and BioShock were based on this game.Seriously, this is the building block for a great game.I hope everyone rips it off."
,Recommended,238210,8742677,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Protocol Droid N#3045,how come its been such a long time and yet no game has even got to be as good or better than system shock 2this game is truly a masterpiece
,Recommended,238210,10973329,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,biz17,"Came out in 1999. One of the best games I've played, regardless of 'aged' visuals. Very difficult, horrifying, great story, (essentially Bioshock with rpg elements (made by the devs of Bioshock)). What more could you want? BUY IT!!!"
,Recommended,238210,7850383,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Glaice,"One of THE better games of the late 90s, don't pass this one up! To make it look more visually appealing, search for System Shock Rebirth mod and the texture mod that makes some of the visuals slightly up to date.If you liked Bioshock, you must get this!"
,Recommended,238210,11668424,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Jerakal,"Experience the splendors of space!Get invited to an exclusive clique!Explore your undiscovered talents!Meet new and interesting people!♥♥♥♥♥♥your pants in zero g!Look at yourself, hacker!"
,Recommended,238210,11533767,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,AsatorPrime,Still better than the bioshock games and it's 15 years old.
,Recommended,238210,11572953,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Possibly Susan,"I did not expect a game from 1999 to be very scary. I mean, the engine couldn't be too powerful, how scary could they make it?Very.Many games come with the recommendation ""take a break between every hour of play"", but this is the only game where I've actually done that. Although this game does have the occasional jump scare (turning a corner in to a previously empty hall and there's a monster RIGHT THERE), most of the terror is of the slow, suspenseful kind, where you're sitting on the edge of your seat, are quietly mumbling ""moommmyyy"" and wish that blasted light in your ceiling fan didn't flicker ominously.This game has aged wonderfully, and is well worth the price - especially if you can pick it up on a sale!However, there are some caveats. There are five kinds of people that should not get this game:1: Graphics snobs. This is an old game. Don't go in to it expecting Crysis.2: People with weak hearts.3: People that like being able to sleep at night.4: Small children (This should be self explanatory, but y' never know.)5: People absolutely incapable of forward planning. No respecs in this game (Although it does allow for save-scumming if you feel like it.)If you don't fall under those categories, and you like the idea of scrambling for survival in a spaceship infested with horrors-that-cannot-be-more-specifically-described-because-it-would-ruin-the-plot, then get this game.Or put it on your wishlist and wait for a Sale. You already have a huge backlog of games already (we all do!), and this game gets massively discounted during Steam Sales."
,Recommended,238210,11318104,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,billy.ua,"Here's a brief FAQ on System Shock 2 for 2014 gamers- It's 2014, should I still play this game from 1999?- Yes. HOLY MONKEY BALLS, YES!- But the graphics look crappy!- Never judge a game by its graphics, as the old saying goes. Once you're immersed in the story and fantastic atmosphere of SS2, you'll forget about pixelated textures and low-poly models. Moreover, the music and awesome voicework will give you goosebumps on more than one occasion.- But the game is so hard!- I know, right? Even on Normal difficulty it's no walk in the park. Welcome to the cruel world of scarce resources, respawnable monsters, and mutually exclusive game choices. Youwillhave to get familiar with the game's rich mechanics. Youwillhave to pay attention to briefings and logs. Therewon'tbe objective pointers to guide you. All of this makes finishing the game much more rewarding."
76561198042518294,Recommended,238210,11173430,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Jeremy Clarkson's Knob,I never thought I could be so scared by origami9.5/10
,Recommended,238210,10883267,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Freeworld52497,Nah. 10/10
76561197998013968,Recommended,238210,11040437,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Cowsareinme,"Even with it's dated graphics and sounds, this is one of the most emersive games I've ever played. It really sucks you in by forcing you to make these wicked intense life and death choices all the time. Also, it has co-op, so you fools should check it out if you're into these kinds of FPS games with RPG elements."
76561198031765203,Recommended,238210,4082631,"Posted: 9 August, 2013",all,SleepThieff,"System Shock 2 is from the producers who would eventually make Bioshock years later. What makes System Shock 2 so special is that it was the predecessor for modern fps games. The mechanics in this game may not feel new, but System Shock 2 was released in 1999. This game was years ahead of its time in terms of gameplay. System Shock 2 is quite atmospheric and is pretty damn scary at times. You have basic skills such as weapons, computer hacking, repairing, and psi powers that you can level up as you progress. You can basically play the combat however you wish, either using melee weapons, guns, or psi powers (kinda like a mage). One thing I have to compliment on this game is just how good the sound and voice acting is. The music is awesome and the voice acting is just superbly done. I can't think of any bad things about this game. System Shock 2 is the progressive title that modernized and ushered in a new era of FPS games. If you like atmospheric FPS, I highly recommend System Shock 2. This is the pinnacle of the genre. System Shock 2 takes about 15 hours to complete.10/10Please upvote this review if you found it useful :)"
,Recommended,238210,11227725,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Kor Angar,"even though i grew up with the old generations of games, nowadays i rarely finish them, when i decide to catch up on titles i didnt play back in the day. This game fascinated me from the first moment with its atmosphere and chalenging gameplay. As someone who rarely plays shooter i got sucked in by the setting and mostly the fact that this game isnt the usual splatter horror  or some fancy action shooter, but a rare gem, that shows that it is possible to build a story driven shooter that has more to offer than simple run and gun spiced with some rpg elements. The game gives ppl the possibility to play smart, as it requires some amount of skillpoint, inventory, health and ammunition management and requires the player to tend to his weapons, as they can break if not maintained and can be upgraded (nothing fancy, just sth like lvlups). All of those actions require some skills that can be accuired for your character. Those features would be considered ""fun-stoppers"" nowadays, but honestly this is what makes games playable for me. This game was made by the ppl who later developed the ""Bio Shock"" games (the name is similar), this  game is the spiritual predecessor of those games and i liked it more than Bioshock. This game is aswell considered a classic as it influenced many games modern A+ titles, e.g. Portal (it is said that ""Glados"" from portal is inspired by ""Shodan"" from system shock) and Dead Space (inspired by the gameplay of System shock 2)."
,Recommended,238210,11189935,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Laser,A weurrghm whispered into my earIt told me to make a gun. The gun's made of weurrghms.It shoots weurrghms
76561198042288992,Recommended,238210,10887996,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Wallop!,"Look at you, Hacker. A pathetic creature of meat and bone. Panting and sweating as you run through my corridors.How can you challenge a perfect, immortal machine?"
,Recommended,238210,1026382,"Posted: 10 May, 2013",all,Cameron #pdxlife,"I'm a hacker, just like Julian Assange."
,Recommended,238210,834920,"Posted: 11 May, 2013",all,TheHydrogenator,Calling this one of the greatest games of all time isn't an understatement. If you have hands and a PC you owe it to yourself to play this game.
,Recommended,238210,10631061,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,[Mar] Lux,"This game is the grandfather of so many other games. If you like Bioshock or Deus Ex, you've got to play the game they came from. Creepy, terrifying, twisted, and absolutely wonderful."
76561198137991566,Recommended,238210,13820428,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Charlie Harper,"System Shock 2 REVIEWAn old cult classic from '99 which is still popular and being tweaked with mods as I write this review. Whats to love about this game? The audiologs and level design are used in the narrative pretty well. The character Shodan is a very interesting enigma. The graphic style, especially with mods really pops sometimes. But the only amazing thing I guess is that uncomfortable atmosphere sytsem shock has. Shodans voice, distressed journal entries, moaning hybrids add a constant feeling of desolation. But that kind of where the buck stops for this game. Well the combat is alright I mean its challenging in a old trial and error way. But the story ending just left a lot to be wished for."
,Recommended,238210,2634025,"Posted: 14 May, 2013",all,Teslaphoenix,"Played this game since 2005. This is my favorite game, it's so creepy and well.. creepy"
,Recommended,238210,8288375,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Splinter,"Strong RPG elements, an unrelenting sense of dread and a truly horrifying atmosphere make System Shock 2 well worth your time. Will be of great historical interest to fans of BioShock."
76561198077025018,Recommended,238210,13869939,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,The Grotesque Abomination,"This is the critically acclaimed spiritual predecessor to the Bioshock series.This game is so old when I found it on Steam I just had to own it - and it still holds up today.Very, very few games are actually hardcore nowadays. It's refreshing to take a nostalgia trip.System Shock 2 is a role-playing game presented in first-person perspective.It is set in a distant cyberpunk future where humans receive cybernetic implants.The ship you live on has been taken over...by the ship's main computer.She's an a s s .Scavenge hard for resources and make deadly decisions every minute you play.You better be quick, pure horror lurks on every corridor...A fantastic experience from start to finish, an RPG in every sense of the word.Never play the same game twice.12/10  - A 90's Masterpiece."
,Recommended,238210,9824428,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,James086,"Definitely worth playing. It's not only long and difficult (a rarity in more morden games) but it has depth with regard to weapon customisation, psi abilities, side stories through collected audio logs. You can play through the game without ever picking up a gun or you can blast things mercilessly, you can sneak behind enemies and hack security panels or run quickly past cameras and turrets. System Shock 2 offers a fantastic array of options in almost every scenario."
76561197968629634,Recommended,238210,13052568,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,<- Meinhoff ->,"Hardcore and very old school. If you need someone to hold your hand... look elsewhere. This is what games used to be like back in the days before they all got hit by the stupid-stick and the easy-mode-club. Hard, fun and huge. If you scew up you die. If you drop quest-items before you've used them (like the sim cards) you have to run around looking for them. Nothing is for free. Ammo is sparse, enemies are hard and there is plenty of them. You really have to plan ahead, listen to the sounds of what's running around, watch out for the towers and the cameras, aim carefully. I love it :)  You will die alot...alot. You will rage-quit... But you will come back again and again because you want to beat the game. It will take you an hour or so to get used to the interface... but don't give up. This game is a jewel.I recommend that you Install a graphic-mod to fix the rather dull original textures and ""monster"" models."
,Recommended,238210,3816740,"Posted: 9 July, 2013",all,☿,"I've always thought horror was difficult, if not impossible, to convey in video games, especially when given the tools to fight back.I was wrong.You are alone. Resources are scarce. Everything is out to kill you. And it will.The atmosphere of this game is oppressing, each second as stressful as the previous one, the ship is a convoluted maze filled with terror.Although it has a few flaws, the story is wonderful, filled with tension and ambiguosity, as you are stuck between SHODAN and The Many, left wondering which of them is the lesser evil.SHODAN herself definitely earns a place in the pantheon of video game antagonists, not only using deception but also constantly belittling any effort on your part.As for the gameplay, it's surprisingly advanced for its time, and might seem overwhelmingly complex on your fist run. If you are expecting a shooter, you will probably find it clunky and frustrating, as this game is most definitely a RPG and has all the mechanics of one.Also worthy of note, the world is fully backtrackable and the level design is incredible, state-of-the-art late 90s fare, albeit falling a bit short towards the end.A landmark in the scene and a source of inspiration for many others to come, especially the Deus Ex and BioShock franchises, both created by former Looking Glass employees.I would highly recommend this game to anyone interested in PC gaming history, make sure to play it on theimpossibledifficulty setting, which will give you a real challenge and enhance the thick, lingering atmosphere and sense of dread."
76561198093805808,Recommended,238210,16166328,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Madrugah,i like this game
,Recommended,238210,587504,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,Fartacus,cool game. the graphics not so good but what do u expect from a port of a n64 game. the sequel is prbly better. don't get this game. it is a bad one.
,Recommended,238210,10231079,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Cthulhu's PR Rep,"As a game from 1999, I have to say this is classic. The playstyle is great, the gameplay is smooth, and everything about it is what i want in a first person shooter. It's an RPG style game, with a great storyline and atmosphere. After playing this game all the way through i can tell that a lot of games, like dead space, got their ideas from the story of System Shock 2. The game is about a ship that gets overrun by a virus, turning all of its population into zombie-like creatures, like dead space. The protagonist of the story is led the the entire ship, starting at med bay, going through engineering and hydroponics, all the way up to the command deck, like dead space. I'm not ragging on dead space, i love the game, i just thought it was funny to play through and see how game dev's got the idea. Overall this game was brilliant, and had me hooked for days up until i beat it. The game is replayable, as you can choose which playstyle you like, ranging from guns blazing to cybernetic powers. 9/10"
,Recommended,238210,7395354,"Posted: 15 October, 2013",all,Unzen,"A truly genuine classic from a much missed studio. Looking Glass (Technologies) made this and it's precursor and set an extremely high benchmark for other games in the RPG/FPS genre to follow.Aside from the more polished presentation, I'd argue that the original System Shock has the edge over SS2, purely because the player felt far more threatened by the games' malevolent AI - Shodan. However, that's not to take anything away from this game on its own merits. It kickstarted many standard player choices - allowing decisions to be made to mould your character to how you wanted them to be. And rather than a make it a glorified shooting spree set in space, you had to keep a very keen eye on your ever-dwindling ammo supply. Great story. Spooky layout. Very careful choices to be made.A brilliant, brilliant game. 9/10"
76561197993463087,Recommended,238210,1462601,"Posted: 12 May, 2013",all,chris2thek,i friggen love this game its an instant classic
76561198035344119,Recommended,238210,4305020,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,Pych,"Bioshock""s dad ! With more rpg & survivol than bioshock and good atmosphere like 1st Bioshock. The game is maybe old but really good to play =) For 10$ It's same (better for me) than Bioshock 1 or 2 :) I hope you enjoy it :)Et pour les français il existe un mod pour améliorer les graphismes et rendre le jeux français =D mais sans sous titre. Demande moi je vous expliquerai comment l'installer =)"
,Recommended,238210,581634,"Posted: 10 May, 2013",all,[105]Drunken-G.I._HM,Freakin' Sweet!
,Recommended,238210,10813028,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Natboomdoom xd,"This is one of the best FPS/RPGS of the late 90s The gameplays great, the atmosphere is great and the game itself is a good timePerfect 10/10"
,Recommended,238210,9834413,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Nemo,Love this
76561197991997691,Recommended,238210,1355325,"Posted: 8 September, 2013",all,Kuruma,"Kulturgut / If you don´t know this game and never played it..... go to Hellthis game have not a good graphic and it is evil if you dont know what to do buti never played a game that shock me so much. Better than drugs, sex and music, mindripping freacking darkness. The intro (the 2.) is reason enought to buy it......and dont worry you will never forget this game its like pure fear, so go get somesedative´s if you dont know what awaits you.....and at last have fun :)"
,Recommended,238210,16311838,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Count Dregula,"It's one of those games, where 90% of the people who've played it recommend it, but have never finished it. I seem to be one of those, as i was on the very last mission, and my games saves pooped out on me. It's like a sacred meal that is too majestic to finish, that it intentionally disappears, and reanimates, leaving you to start it all over again.10 out 10, would regurgitate my food, and eat it all over again."
,Recommended,238210,13984557,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,niko59bar,Great!
,Recommended,238210,16440856,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,equ,Everybody scared of hydroponics - just get some AP ammo...
,Recommended,238210,16605716,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Torna,"In terms of the average survival horror game, this game is a masterpiece. Definitely worth the buy. Just make sure you turn off that techno music."
76561198113873822,Recommended,238210,16154240,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,meep,One of my personal favourites.
,Recommended,238210,16316183,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Otterballz,if yoube wearing parachute pants than this♥♥♥♥♥♥be crazy
,Recommended,238210,17687249,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,CONAHR,Complety forgot i played this as a kid never completed it glad comeing back after so long to finish what i started.
,Recommended,238210,18038610,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Brainstew,"Strap on your RPG nerd hat and download the very easily-installable mods for this game. It's challenging, interesting, and memorable.For many big budget game devs, SS2 should set a high bar in many categories that makes you strive to achieve its brilliance."
,Recommended,238210,17260283,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,EqualOpportunityGamer,"Played exactly 55 minutes of this, and already wanna play more! This is one of the best horror games I've ever played, and pry one of the only good horror games out there. Definantly worth the $10, a must have for all PC Gamers!"
,Recommended,238210,14965579,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Lucifer,I got killed a lot it was alright
,Recommended,238210,10884586,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Leiwaan,"Good game, but very dated."
,Recommended,238210,13269264,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,MyNameIsAdahn,2Sp00ki4me
,Recommended,238210,14942801,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,TkA,"System Shock 2 is a top notch survival horror game!  I completed this game when it first came out, and it was one of the most gripping and exciting experiences I've ever had in a video game.  I'll never forget the chilling and suspensful atmosphere, especially when you were hiding in a corner with a monkey wrench, waiting for the alarm you accidently tripped to end, hoping no more enemies show up.  The models looked a little dorky then and still do, and sometimes the balance of your choices can make the game harder than you might like, but aside from that the game was spot on!The Dead Space and Bioshock series offer a similar eperience that this game offers (System Shock 2 probably inspired them both).  While the aforementioned games have better graphics, in my opinion their experiences are a bit watered down in comparision to System Shock 2.  So, if you're a fan of those games, and want to see where they got their stuff from, this is the game to try!With the mods to update the graphics and sound as well as the ability to play in linux (all covered in the community hub), this is a must-have game - it's a classic!!!  If you still haven't bought it yet, or are still on the fence about it, wait for it to go on sale and get it - this is one you won't regret!!10/10"
,Recommended,238210,18192107,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Dejal,"This is the standard I hold every other game to.  System Shock 2 is chock full of atmosphere, character, and gameplay.  It's dated now, but there is just nothing else like it."
,Recommended,238210,7874173,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,RSkeleton,"This is already, my favorite game on steam, and went on to inspire large amounts of games. Only reason you might not have heard of it is it came out in the same year as half life, even though they are both incredibly good"
,Recommended,238210,18579235,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Del Guapo,"I'm writing this review as someone who has no nostalgia for the game. I never played it back in the day, but finally played it today.It's... good. In fact, I could see if I was playing the game back then, I would have considered the game amazing. Unfortuantely, being used to modern games, there are a lot of things that make this game feel extremely dated. There's 0 auto-saving. Which means when after 45min of playing the game, when I died, I went back to the beginning. I understand, auto-saving wasn't really a thing back then. I can't blame the developers for that. However, it is something to take heavily into consideration when playing this game. SAVE OFTEN.I liked the game's set up and tutorial. It made you connect more with the character by choosing what branch of the military they joined and what missions they went on while at the same time choosing stats. It is a unique and interesting approach even today.The controls are extremely dated, so I highly recommend you customize them first chance you get.Other than the dated aspects, the game is great. Highly recommended. I probably won't play more just because losing 45min of progress was a huge bummer and I have a ton of other games to beat anyway."
,Recommended,238210,20598510,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Goblet,bretty good
,Recommended,238210,10621890,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,trap Dullahan,10/10 this game sill best horror game there is and is hard and suck in space with differt powers guns and hacking in to stuff is the best
,Recommended,238210,20582460,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,360 DAB,"SYSTEM SHOCK 2 deserves way more attention than it gets. As somebody who hated Fps games, I can safely say that this game is a piece of art and was executed to the best intentions of consumers. The whole idea of system shock 2 is similar to system shock 1 but is executed a bit better. First of all the hud was better positioned to give the user a better idea of the systems that ensure the players survival. The log, audio messaging aspect of this makes the player responsible for driving the story and finding out what happened in the lauberstraum . Shodan altough not a menacing force she was in the first ss, still feels like a unstoppable force since she is basically your caretaker and enemy. The combat in system shock 2 is actually part of a rps like upgrade system so you can be a cyber psychic or a military unit.10/10Beats half life 1 and 2, but 3?Definitely can give Ocarina of time a run for the best game of all time"
76561198062607300,Recommended,238210,24368600,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Dagon,"system shock 2 is in my top ten list of favorite games of all time the game is creepy,atmospheric, scary, and very interisting. i love the ""many"" and its creepy ways. Shodan is my favorite main antagonist of all time. Buy this game you wont regret it."
,Recommended,238210,21862301,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Cunkar,"10/10 Game crashed, I then became a crisp packet. Killing people for my carrier."
76561198073487070,Recommended,238210,8870362,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,784r,"Say 'the best' - it's say nothing. This game is real shock!Story and atmosphere, mixed with genius soundtrack, make a brilliant sci-fi shooter...If you don't mind about games graphics, play it without fail."
,Recommended,238210,19560094,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,ITᔕ ᗰE!!!!,"This game deserves all the hype it has received over the years. The inspiration to the Bioshock series,  this game never let's you down.  The story is well written giving a glimpse of the way Ken Levine thinks.  The graphics are obv outdated but with the use of a few mods easily available online,  the game play can be enhanced further.  This Sci-fi thriller is a must own game.  Give it a shot ans am sure you ll enjoy every bit of it."
76561197966867975,Recommended,238210,22469947,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Aaron,"Oldie, but a damn fine goodie.Very suspenseful, creative interface and gameplay mechanics.Sure, its a shooter, but there's things in this game that RPG and FPS makers STILL have a hard time implementing.Case in point- a map that you can annotate yourself.  Had to leave something behind, but still want it for later?  MARK IT ON THE MAP.   Had to leave a stash of chemicals due to lack of inventory space?  MARK IT ON THE MAP.  Saw something nopeworthy but might have the courage to face later?  MARK IT ON THAT MAP BRO.Also, there are mods that make this game look a fair bit better- but then again if you can enjoy Half Life 1 for all its ingenuity and glory; you can play this no problem.Fun fact: These guys made the Bioshock series after this, keep that in mind when you play it and wonder where some of these features went when they made Bioshock."
,Recommended,238210,9866258,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Jiwuuvuf,"Highly recommend this game. The controls are excellent, the gameplay is great, and so is the plot. There are only two ""downsides"", 1) Graphics but what more do you want from a game that came out in 1999. 2) You have to actually think in this game. Also this game is very rewarding in how much you put into it."
,Recommended,238210,685114,"Posted: 14 May, 2013",all,Acceptable Ghost,♥♥♥♥ yes
76561198020177503,Recommended,238210,16562116,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Robert Werner,Fun.
76561198016217683,Recommended,238210,10431211,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Spasmatic Lamma,Simply one of the best FPS/RPG game ever made. DeusEx is at par with this awesome experience.
,Recommended,238210,18208044,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Demoduck,Very fun with lots of different play styles.
76561198069387019,Recommended,238210,12150580,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,A Russian Bear,"System Shock 2 is a game I only looked into because I was such a big fan of the Bioshock series.This was one of Ken Levine's first big project's, and I almost love it as much as Bioshock. The story and setting are superb, and the semi-linear gameplay is perfectly excecuted. It's only downsides are it's dated graphics, odd controls, some gameplay annoyances, and trash ending.Additionally, this is more of an RPG than Bioshock is as it has very well thought out skill trees. It is important that you choose what you upgrade carefully, as the game is also suprisingly difficult at times. My main complaints of the game, and also why I personally prefer Bioshock, are the weapon degredation system and the confusing interface.The weapon degredation system appears to be hastily implemented and is less well thought out than Fallout's own. Also, the tutorial is quite bad, and the enemy AI isn't done too well. Overall, I liked the RPG elements a lot, but I think Bioshock did a good thing by cutting out a lot of the extraneous and tedious gameplay mechanics. However, if Bioshock had a more expansive RPG tree system and maybe some better inventory management, then it would be simply the best."
,Recommended,238210,18689233,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Sheep!,"I am torn on whether to recommendSystem Shock 2.  It was a famously good game at the time of its release in 1999.  It laid much of the foundation for the BioShock games.  Its malevolent AI, SHODAN, is a clear inspiration for GLaDOS.  It blends RPG and FPS elements in a way that was unequalled at the time, and would remain so until the release ofDeus Exa year later.All that being said, howeverSystem Shock 2does not carry its age well.  Much of what it did so well at the time has since been eclipsed by more recent titles, which makes its flaws more evident.  The most notable way in which time has betrayedSystem Shock 2lies in the graphics.  The game's abandoned-spaceship setting was eerie and atmospheric at the time, but now seems only boxy and retro, as it prompts instant comparisons to the similarly-setDead Spaceseries, against which the older graphics can't measure up.  Since it no longer meets, or even approaches the current standard for ""realism"" in a video-game environment, it loses the immersiveness necessary to make the horror aspects of the game compelling.  Similarly, what was a slick and functional UI system in 1999 feels rather clunky and clumsy in 2015.  Other issues, which were noted, but seemed less significant at the time, become more prominent now that the brilliance of the game has been dulled by our elevated expectations.For the video-game afficionado, I'd recommend buying this game purely for the historical significance of it.  Unfortunately, the tarnish of age means that, if you haven't experienced it before, it's now not truly possible to experience playingSystem Shock 2the way it felt to play it at the time.  But you can still appreciate it as an artifact."
,Recommended,238210,13523577,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Oni,"Wow. What a blast.I'm normally one to have difficulty reverting back to older games as each successive generation comes forward, but System Shock 2 is such a solid game that it betrays hardly any hint of its age (15 years!). I happened to buy it when it was only 99 cents (90% off), and I can say I would easily pay the full $9.99 for an experience like this. I was totally blown away by virtually every aspect of it: the presentation, the story, the RPG mechanics, the action, the intricacy of the environments—even the music.The only gripe I have, after playing through the whole game once, is that managing the inventory can be quite frustrating. It really isn't very well designed.That's it, really. I can't recommend a game more."
,Recommended,238210,12418366,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,PatsDark,"An absolute classic that should not be missed. The ancestor of Dead space, and bioshock. It also teaches that smoking is bad and also all the guns are made in china."
76561198080455993,Recommended,238210,11068973,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Is This Jacks Cake?,"Singleplayer is brilliant, runs smoothly and gives a level of atmosphere that had me hiding behind locked doors for the first hour of my gameplay. Multiplayer is a tad tempermental, occasionly the game gets stuck on the loading screen and when starting a new game there is a bug which doesn't let you choose a career, however multiplayer is really good. The game gives you half your starting health on multiplayer making it a more difficult experience at the cost of the horror atmosphere, especially when another player gets brained by a lead pipe hybrid and falls head first into it."
,Recommended,238210,13344066,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Steff,All y'all wouldn't believe me if I said this was the best game ever
,Recommended,238210,1704435,"Posted: 15 May, 2013",all,Dronaroid,BUY ITBUY IT NOW
,Recommended,238210,122495,"Posted: 16 May, 2013",all,Owlet,"Yes yes yes this is one of the best. It spawned the FPSRPG genre properly leading onto Deus Ex and STALKER and the likes.  Visually it's aged terribly but then there's mods to make it look more like a 2004 game than a 1999 game. Atmosphere and sounds and story are still solid however. and it's cheap. Just give it a whirl.get SS2 Rebirth, SHTUP and Tacticool if the graphics bother you so much"
76561198005825826,Recommended,238210,16252027,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Ghentec,One of the greatest games I've ever played.
76561198005692330,Recommended,238210,2321462,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,indarien,"System Shock 2 for $2.74!  One of the greatest (albeit now a bit graphically dated) FPS of all time!  I don't know what is worse, the fact that I think I only ever played it on other people's computers, or the fact that I am wildly thrilled about playing a 14 year old game.Oh wait...let me save what I'm doing in Starflight first."
,Recommended,238210,8490747,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Permanganate,"Fifteen years after release, I'm still occasionally playing this game. It's *that* good; even better than its 'spiritual successors' in the Bioshock series."
,Recommended,238210,11040469,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,ViolatedDolphin,"Despite its age, its still an awesome game! Great Storyline and gameplay. A must-play!"
76561198146279804,Recommended,238210,32319917,Posted: 10 June,all,Depression Incarnate,"A very important game that influenced others for many years to come. The graphics may not have held up, considering they're from 1999, there are also quite a few bugs, and poor hit boxes.Despite its issues the game is still a classic, and if you can't handle the aged parts of the game, there is always mods."
76561198097827224,Recommended,238210,28335483,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Dead Inside,"a classic and a must play for any horror/sci-fi fanGood gameplay, amazing story, and an even more amazing soundtrackthe villain SHODAN makes GLaDOS♥♥♥♥♥♥herself"
,Recommended,238210,31813568,Posted: 17 May,all,★RIP SKINS★,10/10
,Recommended,238210,2417708,"Posted: 3 July, 2013",all,Katpanic,"This game is hard and this game is mean. It is one of the best games I have ever played. It is the perfect survival horror game, and I have no doubt that once you have played it you will spend the rest of your life wishing more games were this good.http://www.unitedbyglue.com/2013/05/system-shock-2.html"
,Recommended,238210,1472805,"Posted: 10 May, 2013",all,Ωhmnoom-kin,"I-AM-S.H.O.D.A.N.!Ah god, Ah god.. So I can finally get rid off of that bloody warez CD and problematic Cracks? Wieee.Bloody awesome and scary game with perfect sound, atmosphere and pumpy electronic music. This is like Dead Space with bloody RPG system, skills, research, various chemicals use for better results and so on. Bloody survival! Do you hear me!? You will struggle for it, yes! Run insect! *Flails* ##~//-%o!B•◘<Message_ERROR>"
,Recommended,238210,118008,"Posted: 23 July, 2013",all,Tr3b0r,"BioShock is basically the ""spiritual successor"" to System Shock. There is a reason this game is iconic. Alongside Deus Ex, this is one of the best RPG/FPS games of all time.The graphics to this day are okay, and the plot is still as harrowing as ever.Buy it."
,Recommended,238210,16094826,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Jacquesy,"Amazing game, outdated graphics now but the atmosphere alone scares the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me."
76561198019655996,Recommended,238210,32432171,Posted: 15 June,all,てモしモM口HくH口S,"an awesome classic, 100% not one of the many"
76561198004122800,Recommended,238210,8418941,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Lupis De Mortis,A Classic Game I highly recommend. System Shock 2's game play is something I've rarely encountered to the same level of execution in games of that era or in fact the current era of games.  You can see echos of this game in more recent games that have varying degree of influence and pay homage (some even feeling like alternative universion versoin of system shock 2).Perhaps one of the more refreashing aspects is that it is a sequal that both seamlessly transitions from the prior entry  while at the same time not expecting you or requiring you to have played the prior entry. The game allows you to create a specialized and dynamic character. Grab your trusty Wrench and set forth on a well written and classic sci-fi adventer.
,Recommended,238210,13844891,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,ℌ𝔬𝔩𝔩𝔬𝔴,"Look at you, hacker: a pathetic creature of meat and bone, panting and sweating as you run through my corridors."
,Recommended,238210,11353192,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Zachrin,"As one of the all time survival horror classics, System Shock 2 has been on the top of my to-do list for a while.  Now that I've finally finished the game I've been telling myself to play since 2007, here's my thoughts:Story: The story was very well done, and it shows how much it's influenced future games of its type, like Bioshock and Dead Space.  The basics are simple enough: you wake up on board a starship with amnesia, and someone starts barking orders into your ear while you're attacked by mutants with wrenches.  Not the most inspired start by today's standards, but what really gets the story moving are logs from other people on the ship.  These recording from before and during the attack build a large world around you (as large as you can get on a spaceship), with other characters carrying out their own subplots around you.  Some of the lines can be a bit narmy, but it's kind of saddening when you find a log from a character you've been hearing of for the past couple levels, only for it to be a recording of their last moments.The active plot is wonderful as well.  SHODAN being the main villian has been spoiled since the original box art in 1999, but the build up to the reveal is quite well done, both in story and atmosphere.  The story about The Many is superb as well, and everything is wrapped up in a satisfying ending.  That's not counting the final boss fight, of course, but I'll get to that in a minute.All in all, there's nothing to complain about here.  A very well told story from start to finish.Sound: I'll split this section off into a couple different sections.  The overall sound direction is great: there's a lot of little ambient sounds that add to the atmosphere, and hearing security bots and mutants in the distance makes the game feel very tense.  You'll get a couple jumpscares, too, with unexpected explosions here and there as the ship degrades.The actual music in the game is excellent, but some of it doesn't quite fit for it.  On the very first level Med/Sci, you're treated to an energetic techo beat that seems more conductive to running & gunning, like something out of Unreal Tournament.  But, at that point, all you have to your name is a wrench and (maybe) low level Psi powers, so a run & gun style is just going to get your head bashed in with a pipe wrench.  It gets much better after that, however, with tracks that really keep you on edge.The voice acting is, to put it nicely, really over the place.  The lead character is mute (save for 1 line at the end of the game), so all of the voice work is done by the supporting characters.  SHODAN and The Many sound great, with SHODAN being a standout performance.  Some of the enemies (like the mutant hybrids) are good, too, and can cause some jump scares hearing their distorted voices coming up fast behind you.  The rest of the cast and logs range from ""great"" to ""hobo they pulled off the street, and are paying with vodka & cigarettes"".  Some of the voice acting just...wasn't convincing at all.Graphics: I won't touch too much on the graphics, considering the age of the game.  It looks great for the time it came out in, looking a lot like Half Life, Thief and the above mentioned Unreal.  The level design was outstanding as well: I never found myself getting lost, and the setup of the ship makes as much sense as a starship would make.  A special note goes to the final two levels of the game in terms of level design, but I don't want to spoil to much here.Gameplay: the gameplay is just as polarizing as the sound direction is.  The core gameplay is a pretty functional FPS, with some platforming in a few places.  There's some RPG elements in the form of 'Cyber Modules' that you earn by completing plot related objectives, as well as by looking in some hard to reach places.  These Cyber Modules can be used to upgrade profeciency with weapons and tech related things (such as Repair and Hacking), increase your base stats, or unlock psionic abilities.  It's a pretty neat twist to the Fighter-Mage-Thief setup that many RPG's use.  The game gives you a lot to choose from, and no two characters are going to have the same build (unless you're reading from a guide or something).However, these same RPG elements are one of the core failings of the game.  The above mentioned weapons you can train in are horribly imbalanced: some weapon classes are much better than the others, and picking the wrong build (or running out of specific ammo near the end) can render the game completely unwinnable.  It's especially apparent in the final levels of the game: the second to last level renders an entire set of weapons useless, while the final level renders another set of weapons (one that was good against the enemies in the previous level) equally worthless.  If you relied on only one of these sets of weapons during the game, then time to restart!  This is more likely to happen on Impossible difficulty, however: Easy and Normal give you more than enough modules to modify your build if you notice anything wrong, and even Hard is pretty generous with them once you're on deck 3/4.The RPG elements also add some replay value to the game.  While I completed the game with a lot of Tech and Standard Weapons training, I may do a 2nd playthrough as a completely Psionic character next.  The difficulty also spikes the higher you go, and I'm honestly dreading trying up the game on Impossible.Overall: An extremely well told story and some legitimate scares, woven into a functional yet flawed FPSRPG.  If you're considering this game, the biggest question to ask yourself is this: can you stomach 'meh' gameplay for a great story?  If so, I highly recommend this game.  But, I can freely admit it's not everyone: feel free to stay away if you're not into survival horror games, or if you like your FPS's feeling a bit less 'broken'."
,Recommended,238210,6606279,"Posted: 27 May, 2013",all,b0ogie,This actually scares me... 10/10
,Recommended,238210,9884127,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,papergirl,"A very good game I was unfortunate to find it so late because of bioshock, in some ways I think the game play is even better than bioshock even through it game years before it"
,Recommended,238210,9885709,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,BadBannana,"The year is 1999. There is two polygons per monster and the entire budget has been spent on sound effects. This ""horror"" game shouldn't be on the top ten lists of all horror games. Please, I have played the tunnel level in S.T.A.L.K.E.R on hardcore, I know what I'm doing.Nope, nope, nope, nope, AW HELL NO!, nope, NOPENOPENOPENOPE, nope, heal, heal, reload, nope, nope,♥♥♥♥♥♥...I'm so scared. I don't want to play on. I'm a wuss. Oh god, are they coming back? Those bloody nurses scare the crap out of me. AW HELL NO. Nope.So if you like horror, some great soundtracks and the game that was the predecessor to Bioshock pick this up. Extra undies are a must and please leave your manhood in a little box on the way out. Nope"
76561198004815813,Recommended,238210,9877702,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Uglymuffintop,"When people talk about first person shooters that not only revitalize and set a grand example in the genre, but also offered up one of the greatest horror video games out there with a mix of role-playing elements, many would mention the spiritual precessor of the Bioshock series, the System Shock series (in this case, the sequel ""System Shock 2"") Back in 1999, this was a game that offered up several new aspects that were later used in various other games in general; utilizing game asthestics that were considered far ahead of its time. However, one question that comes to mind is this: Does System Shock 2 still hold up today as a truly spectacular action-horror experience? In my perspective, the answer is really not that simple.In case no one has ever heard one of Irrational Games's very first foray into video games (since they had no part in the prequel), here's the premise: 42 years after the events of the first game,  you control a lone survivor trying to find out the reason for why a technologically genetic outbreak has devastated the starship he's on called the Von Braun. However, through hearing audio logs left by the deceased crew and witnessing the abominations brought out by the infection, you must put a stop to it while staying alive, even if it means forming an alliance with your worst enemey.Let me just start off with what I feel System Shock 2 does the best at: atmosphere. This is largely in part to its extremely exceptional audio design. While a few of the sound effects leave a lot to be desired (some of the guns sounded iffy and not that powerful to me), they managed to incorporate a creepy ambiance with the use of miminal sound courtesy of mostly background noise. It truly brings a good amount of tension to the game, especially when you don't know what's going to occur next. It's subtlety like this that really adds to the turmoil and uneasiness within the game. The frantic techno music, however, sounds out of place and doesn't accelerate the stressful situations you will face. Plus, I may be one of the only people who didn't find this game to be all that......scary. There were a few moments which provided a fair share of jumpscares (mostly from enemies waiting right when you enter a door), but I felt that it didn't warrant high praise. There is, however, one aspect of the game that left a very dark mark in me, and that will be explained right now.How they mixed the vocal performances is something to admire, especially in the cases of the Many, where the voices are multi-layered and showcase a very unsettling tone to their threats, and Shodan, who is the most terrifying of them all, exhibiting a uncomfortable stutter with a barrage of fluctuating vocal patterns, malfunctions, and a combination of three different voices to make you cringe. There's other vocal performances to be had here, but they can make you cringe for the wrong reasons. These come from the audio logs read from the majority of the characters. Despite adding in some much needed backstory and dimenson to the overall plot, the actors/actresses that comprised a good chunk of them just sound horrible; exhibiting a stale and wooden facade that wouldn't make you take the accounts of their circumstances seriously. (Like they just had some staff members ""read"" from the script and called it a day). There are a few exceptions, but don't play this game looking for some high quality voice-acting (though Shodan's voice actress REALLY make you fear her). For a time when voice acting wasn't a huge prevalent factor in video games, this is only a minor nit pick and shouldn't ruin the entire experience at all.The story is decent enough. It often felt a tad predictable and even ends on a mostly sour note for me, but the audio logs (that I mentioned earlier) really add a lot of depth to the game. The interaction you have with either the Maker or Shodan also adds a lot of character and fear amist the insults and ""praise?"" you receive. It's no wonder these were further implemented in future games, especially in the case of Irrational Games' later masterpiece series, Bioshock. Overall though, it's not a terrible story by any means. I just didn't find it that memorable. Where it gets it right, however, is with Shodan. She is, perhaps, one of the most frightening villians ever to be conceived. Yes, the idea of a artificial intelligence getting a corrupted conscious and trying to play God isn't new, but her dialogue and speech patterns are the things of future nightmares.The graphics, unfortunately, have not aged well. While the overall level design remains influential and well-designed, and a good portion of the creature and gun models do have a nice amount of detail to their design, the models look extremely outdated, displaying ugly, blocky textures. It also doesn't help that the game suffers from the occassional glitch and bug, especially in terms of enemies phasing through doors and objects as well as some you aren't even able to kill. Here's hoping that I was the only one who dealt with that inconsiderate predicament.There's hardly any complaints with the controls at all, as they felt intuitive and very responsive to the action. You may suffer from a hint of lag, however, when you try to jump.  This led me to a good amount of frustration in the long run. Other than that though, I was most pleased with how well it controled.Lastly, the gameplay aspect is where I felt the most conflicted. For one, it incorporates the standard first person shooter genre with the traditional gunplay. However, it also adds some character customization to the mix (thus giving forth its RPG elements). You can either become a battle hardened soldier with access to some top-gear guns, a Navy officer with a mastery over research, hacking, modification, and repair, an OSS soldier with mastery of Psionics (where it be shooting ice, pulling objects to you, or much more), or a combination of them all. You can upgrade your skills, as well as your overall stats, by collecting cyber Modules usually won for completeing a task (some can also be found). While this can lead to some diverse tactics and unique customization, I felt like it can often feel unbalanced. This is especially true if one wants to develop skills outside of their job choice, but I thought it held more leniency towards the Navy class. This is especially true for the most irritating aspect of the game: the weapon deterioation. Your weapon wears off and lacks functionality the more times you use it, and if you don't have much repair/modify skills (or disposal maintenace tools), you normally end up getting rid of the weapon and trying to find a spare one. Seriously though, this system seems way too unnatural as normal guns wouldn't break so easily. It also hurts that resources are quite limited. You have to rely on having good management on your resources because ammo, nanites (currency for buying supplies), hypos (either for medical, psi, brief stat boosts, etc) and more are scarce. If you waste your money too often, you may regret it when you end up running out of ammo, leading to a most unfriendly experience.While the enemy variety is most impressive, their intelligence almost leaves something to be desired. Yes, they can kill you in an instant if you're not properly prepared, but I sometimes just ran up to them and swung my wrench to easily defeat them. It's also not in the enemies' favors when they're often stuck in a loop where they can't get out of (walking towards a wall and keeping the pace, anyone?)In conclusion, while the ugly graphics, flawed gameplay elements, and lackluster ending sorta make the game for me too overrated, its stellar sound presentation, terrifying characters, interesting back stories, and overall control scheme still left me with a good impression, as it paved the way for influencing the games to come afterwards. Shodan, you sadistic hater of flesh.7/10"
,Recommended,238210,7824504,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,A meme,this is a art its not a the type of shoot to kill fps it has skill in it its mostly a rpg mixed in with fps to make a game like this its fun and addicting and sometimes annoying to beat if you like rpg and fps games you should give it a try cmon
,Recommended,238210,7892057,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Thanos Of Titan,"An atmospheric, riveting mish-mash of role-playing, first-person shooter, adventure, survival horror, and puzzle solving that stands the test of time. Lost in cyberspace, as if it were a case of irony, for the longest time, its resurrection as a legally downloadable title will certainly help to get more players aquainted with the game that essentially spearheaded its spiritual successor, BioShock.Indeed, you'll find that BioShock, with a few liberties of course, plays almost exactly like System Shock 2. It has a very similar plot structure, also has its own set of abilities crafted for its game world, and that oh so infamous twist.System Shock 2 is a challenging affair, however, but not always for the right reasons. While it certainly doesn't hold your hand like BioShock did with the Vita Chambers, it's honestly not far behind with the reconstruction nodes (or whatever they're called in SS2). The primary weakness in SS2 lies in its array of Psi abilities, which are drastically unbalanced and rather poorly conceived, compounded even further by the atrocious costs to acquire them whilst you should instead focus on more pressing skills and traits (such as weapon requirements and statistics upgrades). Weapons jam far too quickly. Enemies can respawn and it sometimes breaks the immersion. Controls are not silky smooth, but this is more a double-edged sword that also presents a necessary challenge that may help you appreciate the game's trials. And the graphics, in retrospect, are rather ugly, particularly with regards to character models and the innumerous FMV sequences (yeah, I used a term that has seemingly disappeared from the gaming pantheon).Stealth is, rather, sketchy in the game as well. Some of the enemies seem to possess Heimdall-esque sensory abilities at times while at others they're completely oblivious to your adjacent presence. Either occurrence can take place while you play stealthily (walking instead of running, moving around in a crouch, no firing of weaponry, etc.), so there's some inconsistent AI present.There are useful features in the game, however, such as modifying weaponry without strained limitations like its spiritual successor, being able to climb ledges and other obstacles, priming a melee weapon for a timed strike rather than swinging about like a dunce, and a full-fledged inventory system. You can also change the kind of armor you wear, and you can equip a trait-enhancing implant (two with a particular OS upgrade). Cybernetic Modules are more valuable and come in lesser quantities than ADAM from BioShock, and thus you come to appreciate acquiring them in this go-ahead. The aforementioned flaw in the Psi abilities wherein lies most of the abilities (5 pages of them, costing up to 50 modules just to unlock) doesn't help matters and may cause players to find themselves in an unnecessarily unfair circumstance later in gameplay, but at this point this flaw is common knowledge so one should be able to avoid it with a simple treading of actual reviews.Anyway, the power of this game lies in the atmosphere, characters & monsters, and setting. You are, really, quite utterly alone on the enigmatic Von Braun, and everything is out to get you. When you think there's hope, it immediately gets dashed. You must adapt to survive, or you just won't cut it. You have to strategize, and as you interact with the interfacing systems of the Von Braun and the accompanying Rickenbacker, you're defenseless and in real-time. You have to seek out the only means of avoiding the dreaded ""back to menu"" incident as a result of untimely death, which may very well happen within mere seconds of facing opposition or even harsh environmental conditions. You have to listen to the sounds of your surroundings or pay the price for carelessness.Common enemies, which are infected former crew-members, hunt you down mercilessly but apologize to you for it or beg for you to take them out of their misery. What were once simple robots built for the express purpose of undertaking menial tasks are now unwitting kamikaze units. Alien-esque creatures appear more numerous the further into the ship you venture, assaulting you from all sides. Former defense droids that kept the peace and maintained safety for the crew do everything but those things when you're around, and will cut your life short upon detection. And all you have are rather measly (at first) weapons, limited and costly ammunition to attack with, armor that slightly reduces damage at all, and on top of all that, a very mortal existence. You're on the bottom of the food chain here, you're no John Rambo, and most of all, time is running out.That doesn't take into account the sometimes absurdly dangerous environment and its contents!In the end, it is a remarkable title that deserves to be played, especially by fans of 2007's BioShock. You may even manage an ounce of appreciation for System Shock 2, and for the diabolical, megalomaniacal villain SHODAN whom adorns its cover image and just about any discussion regarding the game. You may even quiver in fear as you go about its challenges, which is always a plus."
,Recommended,238210,7058171,"Posted: 11 June, 2013",all,IllusiveConman,"""spiritual successor"" to the Bioshock series of games, complete with some things familiar from Bioshock and some things from these older type of games, a good mixture of fun and nostalgia, this is now one of my favourites"
,Recommended,238210,7413525,"Posted: 18 October, 2013",all,Actual Physical Cringe,"this is honestly still one of my favourite games, even with its aging. the storytelling is great, it has an amazing atmosphere and the characters are just simply amazing"
76561198043893539,Recommended,238210,9560871,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Tom Pokénutter,"When I picked the game up, I knew that I was in for something special.  System Shock 2 has a reputation as one of the best Survival Horror and/or FPS games ever made, so it couldn't be bad, right?Well, it's not perfect, but what it does wel, it does really well.We'll start with the positives.  This game is one of the few I've discovered that gives a damn about the ""survival"" in survival horror.  Weapons degrade quickly, ammunition is rare, and a lot of the enemies will destroy you if you just charge into every fight.  The game is nice and challenging.Next, the atmosphere.  Through a lot of the game, they manage to reach Ravenholm-level atmosphere, with enemies placed in the perfect locations for maximum jump-scare potentail.  I'm not ashamed to admit that some of my least-dignified moments have come from the protocol droids- definitely the most paranoia-inducing enemies in the game.  Not the most powerful, but if one sneaks up on you...  You're probably going to die.Now, it has gameplay and atmosphere down.  What doesn't it do right?Level design.  A large number of the levels are divided up into mutiple parts, with each one having a separate checkpoint.  You die without finding the checkpoint?  Back to the load screen for you.  Oftentimes, where each checkpoint services is completely arbitrary and nonsensical- five meters to the west is okay, but not five meters to the east, for example.Worse, later evels remove the checkpoints entirely, but don't change up the gameplay to match the lack of this mechanic.  I ended up having to completely restart the game after entering the last hour, thanks to running out of anti-rad hypos, anti-disease hypos, and health items on top of bullets.  I would have restocked, but I didn't have enough money.  The entire last area is unwinnabe unless you're perfectly well-stocked.Overall, however, the game itself is solid, and recommended for any fan of survival horror and shooters."
76561198025282173,Recommended,238210,9834148,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,(RS)Metall,One of my favorite games of all time. BUY THIS GAME. Its one of the most enjoyable ecperinces in videogames you will ever have.
,Recommended,238210,10046622,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,Schwagsflug,"One problem with this game: claims to be Mac compatible and isn't. So I sold my Mac and fired it up on my new laptop.The experience I received was nothing short of exceptional. A soundtrack that stands the test of time; gameplay mechanics that don't feel unlike games of the present day and a compelling storyline make this game heads and shoulders above most of the dross that gets flung out these days.Buy this game, or i'll find you and burst you."
76561197969243573,Recommended,238210,10764328,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Farsight,"Blast of a game that scared me silly 13 years ago. With how cheap it goes on sale for, there is no reason not to buy it."
76561198061971228,Recommended,238210,10867773,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Ugandan Bruce Lee,"everything about this game is amazing, the amount of control you have over the actions of the player character, the aesthetic, the functionality of the weapons, the cybernetic module system, all of it is really great and YOU NEED TO PLAY IT"
,Recommended,238210,18148,"Posted: 10 May, 2013",all,Pocky4Th3Win,System Shock 2 will go down as a classic for computer RPGs and FPS Shooters. It offers an amazing level of customization to your style of play while bringing the player in a atmospheric and deep world with much to explore. It was scary back when it launched many years ago long before the days of steam and even today can still bring goose bumps. I recommend it to everyone as a game that offers something for everyone.
76561198017704717,Recommended,238210,17551168,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Dima,Came for THE moment. Stayed for the game. Maze-like level design with worms that sound like monkeys. Tons of character customization and modding possibilities too. A paean to villain design.Easy to install mod pack that I used:http://neutralx2.com/2013/07/14/system-shock-2-mod-pack
,Recommended,238210,16092130,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Ormul Lozenge,"If the atmosphere doesn't scare you, the knowledge you're running out of bullets and hitpoints certainly will."
,Recommended,238210,30937234,Posted: 3 April,all,Skynet,"Doesnt get much better than this. One of my favorites.Game writers, designers, etc... take notes."
76561198022400243,Recommended,238210,26931549,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,BoxkurwaJoe,"One of the absolute best games of all time, and I'm not even exaggerating. The score, the gameplay and atmosphere make for an incredible mixture that get you completely hooked.Pro tip: Go for a melee focus run, it's what I did and I loved it."
76561198035344993,Recommended,238210,27143867,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,TyroneKing,Very nice
76561198063803819,Recommended,238210,10424247,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,A gᅇd ﬆe㏂ ㎁me,"This is a fine piece of history here. I never got to enjoy this game on its orignal release but I'm sure glad Steam re-released it because I had a great time playing. There is a patch that needs to be installed prior to running the software and once installed I had no issues running the program. If you enjoy FPS's,  RPG's, Sci-fi, and can appreciate the value of older games than this is a must buy for you."
76561198118894563,Recommended,238210,25884523,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,katanak2,"This is an old and surprisingly complex fps that requires you to do a lot of shooting and puzzle solving. The atmosphere is spot on with some creepy moans and clanking going on. I think this is probably the original dead space simulator, well worth a few quid in the sale."
,Recommended,238210,13333836,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Hunk Skinhub.com,"I've been playing deus ex for yearrss. So I was like, ""yeah, I better get this one too."" Never played it before, but thought ""hey, its fps rpg with an evil AI story."" Perfect for a game right? Well, sure, buuutt... idk first impression was; I walk through training, I pick some type of class without knowing it, I reload cause I didn't really want to do that, I do it again and half way through just start to think ""♥♥♥♥ it"", and finally I end up with a character with a few stats. I spend way longer than I probably needed to in the first couple rooms. Then, I find the next set of rooms filled with what feels like respawning enemies, or just enemies with heat seaking AI's. I survive about 10 of them, and find a monkey... This monkey seems to be fighting a zombie? So, naturally, I help him kill the zombie. Next thing I know, this little spider monkey whatever thing is shooting ice balls at me or something which results in very little hit indication and I die. From a little monkey shooting ice balls at me. There's people out there who swear by this game, and there is people who swear by this game over Deus Ex.  I can understand the former, it just takes some time and getting into. But better than the original Deus Ex? No, not by a long shot. I don't know what its going to take for me to get back into this game and actually try, but I will say this. I got it for 99 cents, and I'll admit that I kinda like the gameplay. I've just may have well burned myself out on it. Still, 99cents? YEAH, def get this. Especially considering you're going to make 40 cents from the cards if you choose to sell them."
,Recommended,238210,11557909,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Raive,You can see the soul of Bioshock in this. Just with awesome creepy sci-fi. Love it.
,Recommended,238210,18435058,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Zenon,Is there any good reason not to get this excellent game?Nah
,Recommended,238210,13370980,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,TankCatapult,"Where do I start? System Shock 2 is a game that didn't deserve the reaction (or lack thereof) it received  upon its maiden voyage back in the cold, dark year of 1999. From what little I know of, and what little I've played, I would consider it a superior game to Half-Life, and Half-Life 2 (gasp!). Sure, its age shows, and is literally harder than diamonds, but overall it is an experience NO ONE should miss.PROSAtmosphere (In space? Really?)SHODANInspired BioshockCONSA little confusing"
,Recommended,238210,7495915,"Posted: 27 October, 2013",all,-Dresden-,"One of my favorite games of all time. The pennicle of sci-fi horror.Pick Navy or Marine if you're new. OSA isn't weak per se, but it's more advanced than the other two branches."
76561198032573928,Recommended,238210,7461317,"Posted: 23 October, 2013",all,Murgen,"This is a very interesting horror-themed first person shooter. Yes, it came out way back in 1999, so the graphics are dated by today's standards.I finally got around to playing it because the highly entertaining Bioshock series was made by the same guy, Ken Levine. I also remember playing and enjoying System Shock 1 many years ago so nostalgia had something to do with it. The intro to System Shock 2 tells you what happened in the previous game, though, so don't feel you need to play the original to enjoy the sequel.So, despite the dated graphics, is it still scary and/or fun? Hells YES, on both counts!I'll give an example of the scariness/awesomeness:You're trapped on a spaceship that has been taken over by hostile aliens. The aliens also control the ship's computer system, so the ship's normally helpful steward robots have now become automated suicide bombers. They will walk up to you and self destruct, usually while spouting some cheery greeting or friendly banter.As part of your travels you have to go through a darkened cargo bay with crates stacked everywhere and many tight spaces. I got to the middle of the cargo bay before I realized that all the crates around me were storage crates for the suicide steward robots, and that all the crates said ""READY"" on them in big green letters. Sure enough, as soon as I turn my back on the crates I hear the sound of them breaking open, and a horde of robots is coming right at me, giving me friendly greetings all the while! Talk about a mixture of shock, horror, and excitement!!!The game has strong RPG elements. At the start you are given the choice of being a combat oriented Marine, a technical oriented Naval Ops guy, or a Psionic Operative -- basically a high tech Jedi or wizard or whatever you want to call it. You're given a large amount of different skills to choose from, but you'll only have enough skill points to master a few so you have to choose wisely.The large number of skills and items means you have many options for defeating the obstacles in your path. Is a big mean security bot ruining your day? Use your psi powers to turn invisible and walk past him. Or switch to armor piercing bullets to destroy him. Or hack a security turret to open fire on your enemy.There are many mini-games that come with System Shock 2. You'll get a ""GamePig"" fairly early on that will let you play games completely unrelated to the main plot, everything from Tic Tac Toe to a racing game to an Ultima clone! Hells yeah!But not everything is good about System Shock 2.For one thing the game has a steep learning curve, and it is very difficult. Even a single enemy can kill you without too much trouble, and even when you're doing well you're always short of resources. This goes along with the survival horror theme but it can be frustrating at times. I'm a veteran first person shooter player, but after a few hours of getting slaughtered on ""Normal"" difficulty I had to swallow my pride and restart on ""Easy.""Another gripe I had was the inventory management system was annoying. You'll quickly run out of space, and the only way to get more space is to spend precious skill upgrade points on Strength, a skill of otherwise dubious usefulness. And even after I maxed out my Strength score I was still running out of space! Argh!As for the plot, it was nine kinds of awesome. There are several plot twists and I don't want to be too spoilerish, but I will say that the climactic finale of the game was a crowning moment of awesome. I only wish that more games had this kind of emphasis on storytelling.So System Shock 2 is a flawed game, yes, but it's worth looking past the flaws because in the end you'll find a hidden gem. If you like Bioshock, Deus Ex, or survival horror games you owe it to yourself to check out System Shock 2."
76561197996215566,Recommended,238210,14871894,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,nickvangelis,"A classic. Of course, SS2 didn't look great in 1999, so it's pretty darn fugly now. Do yourself a favour and get the NeutralX2 graphics mod pack. And if you rock through System Shock Portable before playing the sequel, you'll also be less inclined to complain about the graphics ;)"
76561198140658552,Recommended,238210,33277083,Posted: 5 July,all,Veny,Now i feel the glory of the flesh...
,Recommended,238210,13014735,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,[HxC]DuckSauce,"An amazing game, Deus Ex styled, overshadowed by Half-Life in the late 90's.  RPG elements, high difficulty, and a lonely, creepy atmosphere with a great story about a corrupted A.I. makes this game a classic."
,Recommended,238210,1869231,"Posted: 29 August, 2013",all,The Irritable Medic,"This game has been recommended often, and now I can see why. Something in the mixture of audio logs, sound effects, and environmental design is a recipe for pure terror.Making this even worse is the fact that enemies respawn. Not a lot and not completely, but just enough that you can never be sure of the rooms you've cleared. There is no safe haven. There is only the corrupting flesh to the left and the merciless machine to the right, one's rapidly dwindling supply of ammo the only comfort.Well worth getting, but use graphical mods."
76561197993392850,Recommended,238210,14482660,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Joe Pesci,A distressing and unforgiving 1990's game.a Systen Shock 2 let's playZero Punctuation's review of Systen Shock 2Systen Shock lore in a minute (SPOILERS)I didnotreceive a key for this game. I purchased it.:) This game isnotrestricted to unfree Windows/Macintosh software.Buy games available forGNU/Linux
,Recommended,238210,22752007,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,TheDContinuum,"Wow. What to say about this game? Basically, if you like Bioshock, you'll almost certainly like this. It has a lot of similarities in mechanics, with hacking, machines to buy ammo and items, big maps, lot of different kinds of quests you're set on, psychic powers plus weapons, recordings to listen to with door codes and hints and things, etc. But System Shock is FAR more brutal, and I was playing on easy. Be prepared to be always out of ammo, currency, health, inventory space and regen points. Yet, it's really, really, really, REALLY good. It's got depth out to wazoo, and tons of cool features and a bajillion ways to play. There's three major ""career choices""--either being a skill monkey (hacking, repairing, etc), straight-up shooter (lots of powerful weapons), and psi (basically magic, with fire, invisibility, telekinesis, etc.) You make the choice at the very beginning and there's not a lot of explanation before you pick, so do a little research online first to find the best fit for your playstyle. Let's break it down to the basics:Pros:+Great variety of tasks. It's an FPS, but there's lots of ""puzzles"". Things like ""go to this place and turn on this button."" But then there's something that's gone wrong, so now you need to go here and find the problem first, then do this other things, and then you can hit the button. You have to deal with radiation and toxins, can hack things, repair your equipment as it wears down, research items you find, etc.+Tons of upgrades. Four different main upgrade trees: ability stats (strength, agility, etc), psi powers, weapon proficiency (energy, standard, heavy, etc), and skills (hacking, repairing, etc.)+Never a dull moment.+Huge map, with tons of different areas and problems to deal with. It really made you feel like you were on a ship, with a medical/science deck, engineering deck, command, recreation, bridge/operations, etc. You could go back to anywhere anytime. There's only one point where you can never completely retrace your steps.Neutral:~It's an old game, so it's polygon count is super low. Expect characters with point heads, cloned textures on the wall, and all around poor graphics. I didn't mind it, because I'm a fan of old games, but it shows its age graphically, which might bother some people.~ There's a research function that's kind of neat, but also frustrating. You can find objects or organs from enemies to research, and they give you bonuses against them or the ability to use those organs as med kits or psi boosters or weapons. However, it's frustrating because most of the research requires chemicals, which you can't just carry arround because space is at a premium and you never know what chemicals you're going to need later. So you end up having to backtrack a loooooong way just to find the storeroom with the chemicals so you can get that ONE chemical you need. Frustrating, but it's really a neat mechanic in general, so I'm putting it as neutral.Cons:-The map is crap. There are little icons telling you where things are, like regeneration points, item purchasing, etc, but the icons are the same color as the map lines, so they're unreadable half the time because you can't tell whether it's a C or S or whatever letter you're trying to find. The low res doesn't help, either. Also, each deck of the ship you're on has different sections, which 1) don't show up on the map until you've been there (understandable), and 2) won't be available to look at when you're in a different section of the ship, even if you HAVE already been there. So trying to find that one place you were at two hours ago that you need to find again is really hard. All together, I probably did about 2-3 hours of wandering in about 30 hours of gameplay. I'm not even exaggerating. I could spend 45 minutes just trying to find a storeroom I'd been looking for.- There's not a lot of handholding or explanation. There's ""enough"" for most things, but there's no indication of what early play will be like when you're picking your career path. I started off psi because it sounded the most interesting, only to find out it's basically hard mode, since when you run out of psi points (i.e. mana) you have to resort to other weapons or melee, but your physical stats suck. I ended up restarting as the hacker archetype and made sure to up my weapon use and fared much better. Also, I didn't know when I went to a different deck of the ship that I could go back again. It may be that I'm used to modern games that prevent you from returning to earlier maps (sometimes warning you in advance that you're leaving an area in case you wanted to go back for some reason). But you're on a space ship, and you've got full run of the ship. Which meant I was wandering around, desperate for them to give me a vending machine or a heal or something, never knowing I could go back downstairs to the ones I had already been too. I didn't figure that out on my own until about 5 hours in or so.- The game is extremely stingy when it comes to weapons, ammo, inventory space, etc. Your weapons take up space in your inventory that could be used for other items, so it's not like the typical ""carrying around 8 weapons"" situation you have in a lot of FPS games. You have to decide very carefully and commit to using certain weapons or be prepared to switch when you run out of ammo.- The ""currency"" of the game is used for hacking AND modifying weapons AND buying things at vending machines, so if you're hacking all the time, you might never have enough to buy bullets. The drop rate of currency itself is also pretty stingy. Most enemies drop no money (frequent), ~25 (decent but infrequent), or 5 (common). But it might take anywhere from 1-5 bullets to take down a single enemy to get that 5 money, and a set of 6 bullets can cost 85!!!! You'll burn through bullets (and thus money) faster than you'll ever get it from enemies. Hacking helps a lot, because it can get you into locked boxes with a nice stash of 25-75 money, but you'll probably burn 20 on a tough hack and 3 on an easy hack, so it's a gamble.- There's a point of no return before the final boss, but I ended up expending all of my ammo trying to beat the mooks before it so I ended up with no health and very little ammo before the big boss with no way to go back and restock because I had been saving my game in the same save slot. My only saving grace was the implant I had found that regenerates 1 point of health at a rate of 1/30 seconds. I had to let the game idle for about an hour while I let my health regen, then had to do the same evil run through the gauntlet of baddies that took all my ammo last time, but I had to do a PERFECT run or I wouldn't have enough ammo to actually kill the final boss. After ALL that, there's a whole other area with ANOTHER boss to beat, and I got ZERO ammo before it. Ick. Not fair. And that was on easy difficulty.-They give you respawn points, but you have to activate them before you can use them. If you haven't found the one in the new area you've just entered, you don't respawn, you just die. And if you don't have a recent save point, god help you. I was saving after LITERALLY every fight and LITERALLY ever time I found a new item or healed or whatever. It was about every 5 seconds because having to redo even 5 minutes of work is super frustrating. Also, you only come back at 25 health each time, so recovering from death is very, very difficult.-Healing. Wow. Super inefficient. There are healing beds (that cost money) scattered around, but except for maybe one, you can't just use them right away. You have to find a key that unlocks them. Which means that you might have been at 25 health for a LONG time, and you FINALLY find a healing bed that will get you back up to full health....and you can't use it.tl;dr Play this game. Be prepared for a lot of hair pulling, lacking everything you need/want, but if you like difficulty, depth and variety, this is your game."
76561198055322003,Recommended,238210,20959922,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,"Andrew ""Trailblazer"" Jackson",Imagine running through a spooky space station with Glad0s on sterioids mocking you and also trying to kill you at every turn. Its fun.
76561198029015492,Recommended,238210,14356135,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Hark Scrumpy,"I got it on steam, realised how complicated it would be and that i had to make just the right choices, instaled a mod, read some guides..... then just sort of left it for a bit.... then a long weekend came along, I started and played for 7 hours solid compleatly forgetting to sleep.great game thus far.Few things:get ready for backtrackingits not that complicated once youve started, read some guides and changed your keybinds.reminds me a bit of the S.T.A.L.K.E.R games (ammo types, weapon condition, unloading fallen weapons)inventory tetris is kept to a minimumnot paticulary scary.... well as long as ive played.... just bash em with a wrenchfrom what ive played 8/10spank the monkey WITH A WRENCH!"
76561198243615470,Recommended,238210,18374498,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,"J.Freeman, Saver of humens","In case my picture didn't tip you off, I like this game. Like, alot. However, there are some VERY important criticisms that you might want to know before  playing:-The game is difficult, and while it is usually pretty fair, there are some very, VERY unfair sections. [PSI reavers and the radiation water in the BotM come to mind]-Weapons are really unbalanced. Any first time player is essentially forced to use Standard weapons, since all the other weapon classes have one really good weapon and two really crap weapons, with the excetion of Energy's EMP rifle [Also, kudos to Looking Glass for creating the Stasis Field Generator, the most useless weapon since the Giant's Knife]-The annelid worms. These parasitic buggers are the worst thing... Ever. They serve no real in game purpose other than to annoy and irritate. They can be killed in one hit with any non energy weapon, but you can't use melee against them because they're too small, they never stop moving, and the hand-to-hand collision detection is bugger all. So, you end up wasting about 50 bullets worth of ammo on these pests, and in game that's THIS heavy on resource management, you might as well start tossing your med hypos into the never-ending vacuum of space.However, the Pros outweigh the cons greatly. Specifically...-The atmosphere. Put on headphones. Turn off the lights. Play for 5 hours straight. I can't even properly describe it.-The depth. Games like Bioshock and Human Revolution are massively fun, but they tend to be more action games than they are RPG's. Make no mistake; System Shock is an RPG, and a fine example at that. Easily my favorite feature is how it handles exerience, not as a well to be drawn from, but as a resource to be handled wisely. You HAVE to specialize and think long term when picking skills.-SHODAN.So, should you play this game? Well, if you like RPG's, and you haven't, then you're kind of obligated to. So do it. NOW>"
,Recommended,238210,7486691,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,Ten,"If you have never experienced the Von Braun and Shodan, you need to do so RIGHT.  NOW.  There are really easy to install mods that make it look even better.  You have no excuse, insect."
76561198071490645,Recommended,238210,10571093,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,phillycrilly1991,"Probably one of the greatest FPS/RPG hybrids ever made, System Shock 2 combines a brilliantly realised setting with a creepy atmosphere that never lets up until the end of the game. Customization options can completely change the way the game is played, and the wealth of weapons and items at your disposal means there are always new solutions to creative problems."
,Recommended,238210,10597740,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Sikkyu,"Amazing game, one of the greats that everyone needs to play at least once.I recomend downloading the co-op mod and play with a friend. Its a ton of fun for this peices of gaming history."
,Recommended,238210,10681984,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,MC Will be gone until PC is fix,"One of the best games I played in a long time, a great story, great game play! To me, a game that is better then most games out there right now! A must play for any sic-fi or horror lovers out there!10/10"
,Recommended,238210,22151557,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Masyman,17 year old game I got for dirt cheap gets a free update improving performance. 10/10
,Recommended,238210,22159372,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Geddy76,"A classic.  Don't play it for graphics or effects; it's the story and the immersion that makes it the game that it is.  I'm not sure youngsters would appreciate this, however."
,Recommended,238210,22166868,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Trevor Rezonator,best game I ever played
76561197983193743,Recommended,238210,22153472,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,RadDog,"Classic get the monkey off my back game. Really old classic. I hate the monkey screech. Pity the monkey. Fear the monkey. The easter eggs are fun...if you find them. Played too many hours, too long ago, but it was a masterpiece for its time."
,Recommended,238210,11918117,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Monaka,Mother Brain is at it again.
76561197970975242,Recommended,238210,25119441,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Maverick QC,"Quite simply this game is a cult classic, which started the genre, if you want a really graphically impressive game then this is somewhat dated for you.  However, if you're after something with a good story, well thought out gameplay, with nothing too complicated in the way of puzzles, the this is it!There's plenty of options for your plan of survival. There's loads of scary moments to be had too!You can be drawn into a situation where you're literally scared stiff with your 2 health, no ranged weapons, and just a melee weapon to get you to the next nanite pickup!All in all I love this game, with the mods the story expands, you'll get a lot of gameplay out of this game!"
,Recommended,238210,26979990,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Baronesa,SHODANSeriously... you don't need anything else. This game is fantastic.
,Recommended,238210,11060496,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Neurojunkie,"You've played bioshock under the sea, you've played bioshock above the clouds.Now it's time to play that♥♥♥♥♥♥in space"
,Recommended,238210,285018,"Posted: 17 May, 2013",all,Zang-Pog,Two words. Get this.
76561198130593171,Recommended,238210,23939442,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,M0butu,"Since there are enough reviews considering the game, I will share some experience from multiplayer!No story spoilers inside, but some ingame mechanics will be discussed.First, get the better graphics mod! The vanilla player avatar looks disgusting!If you have not played this game before, play singleplayer first! Multiplayer is fun, but the scary mood will be gone. Besides... I found the game even harder in multiplayer.I am playing this with my buddy using a fake LAN (VPN) coop, since normal online coop is not possible. (We trick the system into believing it is a LAN using some software named ""tunngle"", just for those of you who want to try for themselves. It is made for LAN-only games and setup is doable. Just keep in mind that one player should host the virtual LAN, and ANOTHER player should host the multiplayer game. MUCH LESS bugs this way.)This game plays very differently with two people. Less scary, more fun. Combats are a little bit easier (just watch this friendly fire though!!!), but skill upgrade costs are very high. Forces you into hardcore roleplaying, since you must concentrate your efforts into buying the skills you really need. And with two people you absolutely need skills like repair, modify or maintenance. Not enough instant repair or instant modify items to supply 2 players! And certainly not enough ammunition to supply 2 players using the same gun! On the other hand one player will have the spare modules to buy alien and/or laser skill instead of standard weapons, something you will not see very often in singleplayer.And save often, multiplayer is a little (every 40 min on a bad day) buggy: upgrade modules vanish, out of sync, enemies wallhacking, just to name the gamebreaking ones. Fortunately, loading times are about 2 seconds.Still absolutely worth the experience, if only you get to use all this stuff you usually do not bother with in singleplayer."
,Recommended,238210,9834985,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Stackbabbing Bumscag,"Holds up surprisingly well.  Definitely give it a try if you enjoyed Bioshock, but want more choices in customizing your build.  That said, you should probably check out a guide, because the game is very unforgiving if you have the ""wrong"" build."
76561198076311823,Recommended,238210,35237505,Posted: 27 September,all,Grantholomeu,"System Shock 2 has a unique Sci-fi RPG layout, but it is also kind of horror.System Shock 2 was made before there was too much of a quota for exactly what a game needed to be, so it is fun discovering what is different. I was 4 when this game came out, and played it for the first time maybe 3 years ago. The game aged very well. The rpg aspect of System Shock 2 is different from a lot of rpg's today in that it is very hard to get to max level in anything. You level up skills from 1-5 and they get exponentially more expensive to level up. Therefore, you could get level 5 heavy machine guns, but at that point you are sacrificing leveling up so many other things once or twice. The skill system is very fresh. In fantasy rpgs everyone knows that fighters use strength and constitution while wizards use intelligence. But skills here range from physical traits to handling machinery to using psy magic.Overall a well fleshed out and interesting environment backed up by adaptable gameplay options. You should probably get this game"
76561198130440530,Recommended,238210,16410091,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,xTSxbob T.S.H.A,This games is the best....THE BEST!!!!!I recommed that you play it with friendSo yeah GG!!!
,Recommended,238210,16448434,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Меня не любят псы,Co-op wasn't intended in this game yet best co-op game of present.
,Recommended,238210,16455565,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,ShOdinReepr,"Oh the nostalgia! I recommend this if you want to replay an old classic or experience a masterpiece. Be warned newcomers, the graphics are dated and the game mechanics are old school. It's the story and gameplay that keep this one alive."
,Recommended,238210,35191503,Posted: 24 September,all,ForLordaeron,"Very spooky. Hoarded ammo the whole game while terrified of worm zombies and kamikaze robots. Awesome storytelling. Good roleplaying.Gameplay and graphics are dated, but has the most incredible atmosphere of any game I've ever played.9/10"
,Recommended,238210,16366757,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,The Bear of Bad News,"As much as I grew up with Looking Glass Studios (eg. the classic Thief trilogy), I never played the SS games until I got this.Now, I've played some scary games. For me the scariest were the Dead Space games (though, in all fairness, I've never gotten up the guts to play Amnesia or the other similar games). Second scariest for me were the Thief levels with those nearly unkillable zombies in them.However, SS2 is, I think, the scariest game I've ever tried to play. It doesn't even need good graphics. It achieves this with atmosphere, well-done audio effects, and pure survival gameplay (scavenging for food and rare ammo; keeping weapons fixed and working; etc.). I even still found it nerve-wrecking with cheats!Well-done. Very well-done."
,Recommended,238210,23795458,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Mushu-Wu,"le 10-year old me seeing the first digital ghost: ""Hahaha, this isn't scary!""le 10-year old me seeing the first Hybrid: ""Okaaay, that's creepy enough. Hopefully nothing else attacks me.""le 10-year old me seeing the first monkey: ""HOLY ♥♥♥♥ING ♥♥♥♥ I'M OUT OF HERE!"" *proceeds to quit game, turn off computer, and burn down entire house*"
76561197961482605,Recommended,238210,23827156,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Senister,"I bought this game in 1999 back when I was 11 years old, though I finally got the stones to fully make my way through the game when I was 17. I quit the game from fright several times, but kept coming back because I was determined to beat the terrors of the Von Braun. Since then I have returned to the game many times just so I could soak in the atmosphere of the game and face the evils from Tau Ceti V once again.System Shock 2 is a cyberpunk first person shooter with a good chunk of RPG elements. Elements such as inventory management, stats and different builds, and choices that affect your progress forward. There are also a survival aspect, it becoming more pronounced on the higher difficulties as combat gets deadlier.Several games have since then used similar themes and elements to great effect, so what makes this old timer so great? In my opinion it is the dread that the game instills in you, I haven't quite found a game that did it in a similar or quite as effective fashion. The player starts the game on the Von Braun some time after it has gone to hell and the Many has control. You end up feeling utterly alone on the Von Braun, light-years away from any semblance of help, while being sought out by the grotesque minions of The Many. You run around chasing your only lifeline and voice of reason in this whole mess, while wading through the sludge that used to be the crew of this ship only to sink deeper with every step. I remember feeling utterly crushed several times with the relevation that my struggles had only brought me more terrors to face.It is a superb game, but it is not without flaws. The latter part of the game gets less and less refined, most visible in the level design. As the game progresses the areas seem to get less and less polished, which is a shame as the details helpes alot with the atmosphere that makes this game great.  The Von Braun is largely well made for its time, but the Rickenbacker is bland, uninspiring and seems like it was rushed. The last stages of the game has some quite exotic themes and the technology of the time was perhaps not well suited for something as ambitious as these areas.Despite that, I recommend this game to everyone looking for a classic Survial Horror game."
,Recommended,238210,35427332,Posted: 2 October,all,♂ Maiye✨,"Play this f*cking game, seriously"
76561198012787788,Recommended,238210,10938475,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,[Ξн] blue,0.5/10
76561198000078066,Recommended,238210,9347600,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Apotheosic,this good game. many games take ideas and mechanics from this game. very influential. formative to many genre tropes that continue to this day. is very good. lots of fun. old school fps with rpg elements. you like half-life 1 but wish it had more story and rpg-elements? this perfect game for you. you like dead space but wish you could play it in much worse graphics also less scary and with an evil computer? perfect game you play now.be sure to look at mods for it too. has strong modding community which pretty much retextured the whole game and made it hella prettier all over.good game 10/10
76561198119577963,Recommended,238210,8671830,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,REDRUMrewind,"Electric Boo-ga-loo music seems out of place for a horror game, it makes you more afraid that the game is going to change pace and morph into a rythm game, but sadly it never does. I give Bioshock Space Marine an A plus out of a total of 95 points.  (thats a pretty good score if you can't tell)"
76561198029126609,Recommended,238210,17377570,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Padishah,"One of my favorite games of all time, love it to death.I forgot to do a review for it and its been awhile since I played it. System shock 2 is moody, atmospheric, interesting, tense and horrifying. Its a hybrid FPSRPG game that rewards players for exploration and completing objectives opposed to killing enemys for more XP. There are various ways to play the game and all playstyles are valid as long as you specalize.Its a far superior game to bioshock by far, for the RPG and horror fans out there you owe it to yourself to play this game!!"
76561198038932132,Recommended,238210,13109009,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,thats my secret im always tilted,"System Shock 2 takes place a few decades after its predecessor. The stories aren't directly related so don't worry about jumping straight into this one. The first took place on Citadel Station, where an AI named SHODAN, stripped of her ethical restrictions, went batshit crazy with dreams of Godhood. She failed. Fast-forward 40-some years and you play a soldier on the maiden voyage of a FTL spaceship, built by the same company who was responsible for Citadel Station - TriOptimum. You wake up after cryo-sleep and, conveniently, suffer from amnesia - the favorite theme of infinite game developers world-wide. Needless to say, something bad is happening on board, but I'll leave the rest for you to find out in game.It reminded me a bit of Dead Space (or, rather, the other way around - if I had played the games by their chronological release), but it isn't a jump-scare ""horror"" game as I was led to believe. Creepy, yes. Disturbing, indeed. But it's not frightening in that traditional sense of changing your underwear. There aren't shocking twists and turns in the plot - no wheel is reinvented in this sci-fi space crisis. If you're approaching this at 2014 after being around the gaming and movie block for a while, you'll probably be familiar with most of the developments. You probably know SHODAN as the iconic villain from the game that is well-loved (out of character). I'm sorry for the upcoming blasphemy, but I didn't find her too different from the generic granduer-obsessed villain. Maybe it's because I'm playing this game 15-years late and I've been exposed to all sorts of antagonists. Maybe I'm just a dim-witted gamer who can't see the sophistication. She did have some shining moments, however, that made me realize that this is one messed-up cyber girl. And while my remarks here might make it seem as if I consider the game bland, that isn't the case. I enjoyed the ride, just more due to the gameplay rather than the story (which is the other way around with BioShock: Infinite).I played System Shock 2 after the BioShock trilogy and was immediately surprised. The amount of gameplay functions was a bit overwhelming at first, especially when you're used to modern gaming standards. I won't list these said functions down because I don't think it'll make any sense to a reader who hasn't played the game. You need to experience it to understand. After the tutorial and an hour or so into the campaign, however, I got the hang of it. More or less. Once I grasped the basics, the further I got into the game the more I felt a growing regret about how criminally streamlined the last installment in the BioShock series - Infinite - is, compared to its ancient ancestor. Now, I ike BioShock: Infinite, I really do. But it pains me to think how magnificent it could have been if it maintained some of SS2's complexity in RPG mechanics.If you've played the BioShock trilogy you'll quickly notice the shared DNA. Shock 2 has the audio recordings you probably like (I certainly do) that help tell the story. It has its ""magic"" abilities (like Plasmids and Vigors), it has hacking of security cameras and turrets, it has vending machines, it has research of enemies, it has big maze-like levels that make you open your map time and time again - and as I wrote earlier, it has a lot more than that; things I enjoyed a helluva lot that I wish were in later games, too. The RPG is strong in this one. From ability scores to expertise in different sorts of weapons, this game offers you much more than your average shooting (which is good, considering shooting in 99's standard isn't as exciting and challenging as it is today).Actually, I should confess about the challenge - I started out on Nightmare (the last out of four difficulty levels), and early on lowered it to Easy. I know, I know. ""A filthy casual."" Maybe it's becuase I didn't have a lot of time per day to play and didn't want to waste what little of it I had respawning and refighting the same fights. Maybe I didn't enjoy the combat mechancis of a 15-year-old game. Maybe it was just honestly too tough for me. Maybe a bit of all, or something else entirely. I can speculate that on Nightmare this game truly /is/ a challenge. Your HP is extremely lessened, I suspect enemies do more damage, and every upgrade requires many more ""Cybernetic Modules"" (think of them as XP points you find throughout the game). Maybe one day I'll replay it as a different class (I went for a Tech\Hacker sort) on the highest difficulty, because SS2 certainly has replay value between a Tech focused character or a ""Magic"" (Psi) one. But it is not this day.Speaking of 90s game - the graphics are, obviously, dated. However, I played it with mods which made the game look surprisingly pleasant and I strongly suggest Googling quickly for some prime graphical enhancements.System Shock 2 is a brilliant game whose age isn't half as felt as you might expect it to be, and shockingly offers more complexity than many modern products. A creepy sci-fi setting with an iconic villain, complex RPG mechanics while still capable of being played as a shooter, and a challenge to be found if you have the patience for it. I highly recommend it to anyone who enjoyed the BioShock trilogy in particular, and FPS-RPG games that amount to more than taking cover and shooting in general."
76561197972499865,Recommended,238210,12565019,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Hooch,Classic.
,Recommended,238210,10013064,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,faulty_gasmask,BEST GAME EVER.
,Recommended,238210,11965877,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,sox,bad
,Recommended,238210,7815260,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Liandrist,Laughed cried lost 10 pounds.amazing 12 out of purple.
,Recommended,238210,13706069,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Wakisashi,"System Shock 2 is a wonderful atmospheric game. It's different than many FPS' in that there's more focus on the story, experience, and exploration. The story unfolds as you discover audible recordings and make progress through the game.There's also different stats, skills, and abilities which allow you to create your own unique character and focus on the skills you'd like to improve. Main skills focus around: weapon types, hacking, fixing, and cybernetics (magic). Typically you specialize rather than try to have all of them low level.There a bit of inventory management--you can only carry so much. You must make room for quest/progress items--other than key-cards.A few warnings. The game is buggy. However, there's some on-line tutorials about patching the game to a more stable version (PC Version). There's also some great mods--for the PC version--that improve the textures, models, etc. Also, be wary of multi-player--which is also buggy. I wanted to play this with a friend, however, the game would freeze, and it became a bit challenging to play the game. You also will only see each others characters after selecting you character path (abilities)--post fourth year.In all, if you've yet to ever play this game, you might enjoy it the most playing it single player first anyway. It's easier to get into the atmosphere/environment."
,Recommended,238210,14260306,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Viktor,Perfection
,Recommended,238210,16226277,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,IncredbleGermy,"One of the most exciting games i ever played. Even if old, play this game. Excellent."
,Recommended,238210,10531457,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,fight me,Much fsumn mucg bury yeyeyeyes yesb jnow.Sorry for spelling prtommblem i have cancer
,Recommended,238210,27494062,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Doppelganger,Still better then all the other bioshocks :Vswing your wrenchs high boys
,Recommended,238210,12321404,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Harold Trotter,"Old school horror awesomeness. If you really dislike retro graphics there are some mods to help that.Only problem is a tad to much backtracking.Better than 99.89% of ""horror"" games these days.9.69/10. Would get scared again."
,Recommended,238210,8923024,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,2Joe,"Don't waste your money on Bioshock Infinite, buy this instead.Also Shodan is my waifu"
,Recommended,238210,8678702,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,pineapple vendor,it's a good game.
76561198014339922,Recommended,238210,7809687,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Barley,"Good old game, Which is remaded for newer pc's. graphics are old, like when it was released, but there are some things added, like coop. But i recommend doing this game solo first time, because in coop, the challange is reduced. If you thing that in coop,It's less Scary, then you are mistaken. Game was good 10 years ago, and it's good now, i recommend this game to all. 8/10 (thought for some people graphics would be outdated)"
,Recommended,238210,31531245,Posted: 3 May,all,// ACiiD,scarry as ♥♥♥♥
76561197966918205,Recommended,238210,7814740,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Evernight,"Definately a hall-of-famer, it's one of those games that is remembered fondly years later, and was worth putting on Steam :)If you've played the early Deus Ex or Thief games and liked them, I suspect you'll like this too. Good storyline and atmosphere, the graphics are a bit dated though, and the polygon count is appropriately low, but you can forgive this in a game released in 1999.No game is for everyone, and this is from a generation of games setting new standards, so while it may seem like it's lacking in features, or has a tired storyline, it is in fact a game that has been often copied in those respects.I've played this game through several times over the years, and I rarely bring myself to complete games more than once. I'd definately recommend this game for what it is, and if it's on sale, even better - who wouldn't want to buy a classic for less than the price of a pint! :)"
76561198122761151,Recommended,238210,32804741,Posted: 26 June,all,Your Pal Kindred,My god it's♥♥♥♥♥♥the-bed level of horror.2 SPOOKS 4 ME
,Recommended,238210,32827712,Posted: 26 June,all,WedgeFan,"If you play this, the sound of monkeys will haunt your dreams forever.10/10"
76561198008680011,Recommended,238210,10048305,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,≠ Vidar Ω,1998 and still scary. Maybe the only game that made me scream.
,Recommended,238210,14890633,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Daedric Dave,This game is simultaneously one of the worst looking games (due to its age) and one of the scariest games I have ever played. I am literally too scared to progress after facing some form of security camera and a single enemy.10/10 superior to Amnesia
,Recommended,238210,9893718,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,BananaJane,+Even better than the first one+No DLC+A legit game
,Recommended,238210,16102353,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,ErbanVision,Myyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy analysis of historical data suggeeeeeeeeests that 97.34% Have played this Software.For the 2.76% left yyyyyyyou %&^ should buy this Cybernetics Implants and play9.9/10 Analysis: How can you Not have played this per%&^fect Software of Flesh
,Recommended,238210,13874495,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,vaginawoolf,drank 10 consecutive bottles of vodka while my ai gf called me names 10/10
76561198131446547,Recommended,238210,13563510,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,John C. CalhOUn,"If you enjoy eerie games of the 90s, System Shock 2 is the perfect game for you. You are an unnamed soldier given cybernetic upgrades after being recruited as a crew member of U.S.S Iforgotthenameoftheship (sorry). Your recruitment is essential, as it gives tutorials of the different play-styles (guns, technology, and psionics) and, more importantly, your customization options. You're given 3 classes, or rather careers: Marines, Navy, and OSA members. Marines are your standard class if you want to have a run 'n gun experience. Navy Seals specialize in hacking and strength, and OSA members specialize in Psionic abilities. Customization options continue depending on ""missions"" you take during a ""tour"" preparing for your career while aboard the ship. I quote these terms because they are not actual missions filled with action, merely filler explanations as to why you start with certain skills.After performing a your ""tours"" for three years you are upgraded in your cybernetic form and placed in a cryo pod, only to wake up to ship-wreck crawling with parasite-human hybrids and monkeys. This is where the gameplay begins. It resembles a survival horror game at first, with your only weapon being a bloody wrench. Soon you will discover nanites, or currency, data logs, and cybernetic modules. Data Logs actually contain quintessential information for learning more about the game's story. I actually enjoy listening to them, as they add a new layer of depth to the game. Listening to the logs of now deceased crew members is awfully eerie, meaning that this game is fulfilling its purpose in trying to make the player immersed in an uncomfortable fashion. Cybernetic Modules are the experience points of the game, allowing you to upgrade skills or psionic abilities. These, however, come far and few between, and you have to be prepared to make certain decisions regarding upgrading your skills at upgrade stations because said upgrades are permanent. Do not, I repeat, do not spread your skill points thin. You won't have enough to make it beyond mediocre.The general atmosphere of the game is very creepy and unsettling. What makes it even more unsettling is the fact that game is set in space, the setting one would least suspect as a subject for horror. Thoughts of a starship exploring the vastness of space usually leaves one with a sense of pride and overall positive thoughts. But this is no U.S.S Enterprise voyage accompanied by Captain Jean Luc Picard himself, or anyone for that matter. You're essentially alone, left to fend off against twisted creatures that were once human, and, more importantly, the highly intimidating, highly intelligent, highly creepy computer AI known as SHODAN. Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥is she creepy. Once in a while, when you least expect it, she'll begin a short monologue describing how much inferior you are. Her voice is mangled, fluctuating between an almost human, female tone and a demonic, twisted, deep voice. I almost jumped when she first spoke.I can safely say that the gunplay is alright, but it is clunky. If you're skill set does not have strong Maintenance, you will discover that guns break quickly, which really gets annoying at times. Furthermore, ammo either runs out quickly, or they cost too many nanites at dispensers (the equivalent to shops). This could either be a good or bad thing. The advantage of limited, expensive ammo is that it adds to the survival-horror element of the game, as it forces the player to conserve ammo and strategize how to plan their next move. The disadvantage is that it can be near impossible to progress without it, especially later in the game when there are more long-ranged threats. Luckily your psionic abilities counter this problem, if you're skilled. Psionic abilities essentially feed off of an energy meter, granting you super powers of sorts. They can come handy, such as the defense and cryokinesis (basic attack) abilities. It definitely adds to the otherwise sketchy combat.My biggest problem with the game, however, is your inventory interface. The game does not pause while it's up, which leads to many problems. For instance, the only way to switch weapons is to manually do so through the inventory interface. Now imagine that you run out of ammo for a particular weapon while a few hybrids are chasing you down. You don't have enough time to manually switch weapons before being clubbed to death by the hybrids. But you have to switch weapons if you don't want to lose progress being forced to run back. Furthermore, enemies respawn, meaning that if you visit an old area you might run into even more hybrids and monkeys. There is absolutely nothing you can do except die. I tried switching weapons in a similar scenario and managed to survive, only with 11 hit points and no health packs or healing station in sight. It was even against one basic hybrid while I had armor on. To top it all off, when I made it back, there was another hybrid, waiting for me. The enemy-respawn and user hostile inventory interface add questionable difficulty.If you're a newcomer to this game, like I am, I warn you that this is a very difficult game, even on the normal difficulty. However, System Shock remains as one of the more positively sophisticated and creepy games I have ever played, a game that still deserves to be critically acclaimed by many. Just turn off the music while playing; it ruins the creepy atmosphere."
,Recommended,238210,9835356,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Dexerino,"YES ? Is it enough ? No ? Well it should be !! ... I would recommend SS1 far more, but its not on Steam .. still this a HeartBleeder ;)"
,Recommended,238210,9581473,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Ebannaw,"Waited for maintenance to show up for two hours at Cargo Bay 2B, no response."
76561198013594452,Recommended,238210,14317327,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Firearm Encyclopedia,"I'm only a few hours into it, but I'm thoroughly impressed by this late 90s classic. There's a surprising amount of realism available. Firearms degrade with use (A bit quickly, granted, but it's still interesting to see a mechanic like that in such a relatively old game), and those stim pack things slowly improve your health as apposed to automatically switch you from severely wounded to mildly wounded, or mildly wounded to suddenly completely healthy. There's some mild parkour abilities, like holding space to grab onto a ledge at about chest height after a jump, and pull yourself up the rest of the way. There's the ability to level up VARIOUS different abilities/stats. Lots of food/drink/booze/cigarettes available, and there's also no regenerative ability (so far), which is cool. After all, how does one heal in seconds or minutes from blunt force trauma, funky psi attacks, or gunshot wounds? You have limited inventory space, which is larger or smaller depending on your strength.Oh, this game also doesn't hold your hand. Even on Normal difficulty, it's not an easy game. There's no arrows pointing you in the direction to go, and so far there isn't even a minimap. You have to wander around, start to become familiar with your surroundings, and try to manage your way to where you figure you have to go. Ammo is also QUITE scarce, so try to conserve what you can. Luckily there's surgical table things that are automated, and they're scattered around the area. Not very common, however they only cost you 5 nano-whatsits, which is essentially money, so it's worth it to use one if you find yourself under half health.The atmosphere is very well done, the graphics are dated of course, but not exactly an eyesore. The story thus far is quite engaging, I find myself enjoying the game immensely in spite of the difficulty and lack of in-game assistance, and I look forward to finding out more. Searching new areas is always enjoyable because you never know what stuff you might find, and you can also backtrack to previous areas if you like. I have kind of an OCD where I have to do things in sequence; I've owned this game for months, but didn't play it because I wanted to find the first one. Finally I decided to give it a try, and I'm glad I did. I was missing out. I don't know what else to say about the game other than that I am really enjoying it. If you enjoy survival horror games, then I advise you to check this out.Even if you're not into using firearms, there's different ways of defending yourself. Different modes of attack, as it were. There's even select fire capabilities, kinda lol Anyways, I look forward to playing it more and seeing how the story turns out. If you don't minds somewhat dated late-90s graphics, enjoy FPS games, survival horror, and the ability to upgrade your character to your own play style, then I truly believe you'll come to enjoy this experience as much, or possibly even more, than I am."
,Recommended,238210,1400780,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,Blood_Wraith,"Great FPS/RPG, it's similar to Bioshock but is more complicated and difficult. The Co-op works nicely too."
,Recommended,238210,13467340,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Pimuli,Aaa aaa aapinapeli is beast
76561198160433738,Recommended,238210,13501558,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,WalkingFingers,"A real classic. Perfect blend of RPG, FPS and survival horror in a sci-fi setting.Excellent replayability due to character customization options (weapon-oriented, tech-oriented or psi-expert).Excellent (and terrifying) audio and soundtrack. Visuals are a bit dated, but you can take advantage of the community mods that improve this part of the game."
,Recommended,238210,13368102,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,SnowwAxius-Sama,PROS- You Get To Choose What Your Military Faction Is- The grandfather of all horror games- Has a sarcastic Robot- Funny at times- Has graphic mods that don't make it look like crap- Kinda reminds me of doomCONS- It's not very scary... Or is it? Dun dun dunn.. Find that out for yourself!- Controls are a bit clunky7/10
,Recommended,238210,32966282,Posted: 28 June,all,Dewzy,"System Shock 2 is one of the best classic PC exclusives of all time.If you like BioShock, get this game. SS2 is a hardcore version of bioshock with more dated controls and gameplay. But it's  atmosphere is just as great as well as its art style. SS2 has one of the best villians in gaming history (SHODAN) and some of the best sound design ever. This game is also more of a horror game than BioShock, as I've never got scared in the BioShock series once, but I've had multiple heart attacks just exploring the spaceship in SS2! Please get this game if it looks interesting to you. It's only $1.50 right now and its definetely worth that price just to hear thesoundtrackalone.If the graphics look dated to you, theres an HD mod out there that shouldn't be very hard to find that makes the game look really nice and more approachable. The default controls of the game are also kind of stupid so I'd recommend adjusting those to your liking."
,Recommended,238210,13954320,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,imelman,Perfect RPG experience.Succeeded by Bioshock.
,Recommended,238210,12915879,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,JIM AND THE GIANT PEA,I would like to say that this game has one hell of a scary vibe :D 10/10
,Recommended,238210,7963990,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Abu Hajaar,"Awesome game, worth your time if you are a fan of Sci-fi universe.Even if it was made in 1999 and graphics are low, it won't take long to get used to it and you'll enjoy the marvelous gameplay of this RPG/FPS game. The gameplay is in between Half-Life and Deus-Ex.The settings are what make this game so good, the music and sounds are stunning and the universe reminds of Alien, Virus and other Space movies from the 90's.Took me 22hrs to beat it by exploring everything and playing safe.It's definately a game I'll remember for a long time...Enjoy !"
,Recommended,238210,24367691,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Kinava The Dragon,"Having never played any game in the System Shock series in my life or heard of it until rather recently, I came into it with an incredible level of skepticism. My fear was that everyone was looking through rose-tinted glasses and blinding themselves to design flaws or serious issues with the game, something I feel like a lot of old games suffer from unfortunately. While there are issues with this game, I'm going to start with the positives. The level design for each area is incredible, my playthrough was completely blind and I forgot entirely about the map, I never used it once, which is a good thing. Each area had distinct objects or looks, so I never really found myself wondering where I could possibly be or where anything was. Each time I entered a different room, I knew exactly where I was and where any room I had been to previously was in relation to it.On top of that, each level is very large and still seamlessly connected. Any loading screens I found myself staring at were only there for a mere moment before I was on the other side and ready to go. On to the atmosphere, it deserves the praise it gets from all of its fans. The game works incredibly hard to build up a feeling of isolation while at the same time enemies in the form of rogue robots or horrific monstrosities are crawling out of every crack in the wall. While playing I had never felt so alone and yet so outnumbered and overwhelmed at the same time while being so desperate to meet up with even one friendly face. Even the enemies manage to be worthy of fear, their appearances combined with the amount of damage they do and the voice lines that they had lended multiple reasons to fear them. Failing that they usually had the element of surprise on top of everything else, which is extremely difficult to predict unless you're slowly walking along, listening for them and even that doesn't work sometimes.The combat, oh the combat. I can't possibly say enough about it, there are so many ways to approach a fight in almost every situation. Especially if you manage to sneak up on them, run in guns blazing as some arms specialist. Cave in their skulls with blunt force trauma and brute strength as a melee specialist. Freeze, burn, drain, hypnotize or sneak around them, invisible, as a Psionic specialist. And that's if you even want to fight them, if you decide you want to save whatever ammo you can for a necessary fight so you devise some skiddish guerilla-warfare fighter that leans more on hacking and utility skills while using a light combination of combat abilities then go for it. Almost no fight in the game is absolutely necessary as you can outrun and hide from almost any foe in the game. Not to mention what you choose to be best in actually changes your playstyle in a significant fashion.The hyper endurant marine might be able to stand there and keep shooting enemies while staying alive off of pure testosterone and gunpowder. But due to their physical focus they will definitely suffer when it comes to situations that call for hacking or researching, which can put them in some very bad spots. Whereas the Psionic specialist has all of the strength of a wet noodle and the endurance of tissue paper, but their intelligence will come in handy when hacking, or researching and at the same time present a completely different form of danger and combat prowess. Rather than just being the same old marine that just shoots guns and has a way to shoot guns in a slightly different way to shoot guns that could possibly be more effective. A problem that many mutiplayer games suffer from today.The story was great, in my opinion. While there were certain points where I found myself questioning things just a little, it was never enough to put me off of it. The length was perfect, long enough to keep me invested to the end so I could see how it turns out, yet not so long that it felt drawn out and wore out its welcome. It was one of the few times in gaming that when I was coming up to the finale I felt a genuine sense of climax and when it finished I was satisfied with it, despite the ending being a teasing cliff hanger.Right, now what was bad about it? For one, anyone who is new to the game will likely be met with the point where reality slaps them in the face hard and they discover that they've been specializing themselves wrong and now can't progress any further in the game. Forcing a restart. Which can be extremely frustrating to those who would like to simply play the game through rather than just get to the 70% mark over and over again. I had been warned about this so, despite knowing it had the potential to completely ruin the game for me, I entered a cheat that maximized my statistics permanently. Still wanting to have the best experience I possibly could, I cranked the difficulty to impossible for my run through. I will admit that having max stats from the starting gate did cheapen the game in some areas, but the difficulty made up for it.While playing through the game and encountering as much as I did, I couldn't shake the feeling that the game had been partially designed with co-op in mind. Intended to have people of various skillsets so they would have to work as a team to cover those in areas where their particular skillset isn't helpful and letting those same ones take the lead when the situation changes. This would be a good thing, especially since the Steam version came with multiplayer modded into the game, were it not for the fact that co-op almost ruins a key part of the game. Atmosphere. Having a partner or partners around, living breathing reinforcements, denies any sense of isolation and can seriously dampen the psychological games the game tries to play with you. That said, I highly recommend the co-op play, it brings a very unique approach to team-based cooperation and is still very fun. Just play the game by yourself first, don't deny yourself the gem that is the atmosphere.For all the good I gushed out about the combat there are flaws, not deal-breaking ones but flaws nonetheless. The AI at times can create issues that range from silly to annoying, either spotting you through a corner of a wall and shooting at you or setting off an alarm, which thank heavens is an extremely rare occurrence. At the same time, the AI can prove to be rather dumb. I think that it was amazing for it's time, but there are instances where you'll walk right up behind a cyborg assassin and rub up against him even and he will refuse to notice you unless you walk right around in front of him. This is slightly more common though not by much, but when it does happen it fortunately ellicits a smirk and a little giggle due to the small levity it usually creates.On a final note, I think the melee enemies suffer greatly in this game, even without any real points in my agility it's almost insultingly easy to dodge an enemy melee attempt due to their usually extended and overlong attack animations. Even from the lategame melee enemies, if you have any agility at all it turns them into a joke, a game of how many times can you run up and juke back to watch them hit the empty air. This can happen anywhere and everywhere with any enemy melee attack in the game, which is a little sad. If it were up to me I would have someone shorten the animations or rework them entirely so enemies that try to knock your lights out present a legitimate threat to more than just the people who got stuck in the corner with them. This is my biggest issue with the game at present, but that said, it's still a rather minor problem and more of a gripe than anything. I still highly recommend this game to everyone who is interested in receiving a unique and very fun take on FPS horror."
76561198043471187,Recommended,238210,24511462,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Pacmikey,"Scary, deep, fun, and even more fun with friends, this game is worth every penny and then some."
76561198084116623,Recommended,238210,24987831,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Candy Apple,Unique experience of surviving on the giant spaceship vanquished by mad artificial intelligence. Blood-chilling atmosphere and elaborate hardcore gameplay with dozens of interesting features. System shock 2 is a sci-fi FPS-RPG horror that is still exciting after 17 years since release. Iconic game and an absolute must-play.
,Recommended,238210,35277452,Posted: 28 September,all,Et tu?,"Just played this for the first time in 2017, so no nostalgia here.This game was amazing.  It well live up to it's legend/cult classic status."
76561198027086698,Recommended,238210,35335698,Posted: 30 September,all,wishmaster,"SS2 still plays great even at this old age. Sure graphics are outdated, but the story and atmosphere is still great. Finally got to finish what  I started all those years ago"
,Recommended,238210,35318523,Posted: 29 September,all,KING CRIMSON,haven't played it yet (the 3 hours i have are from idling) but did the developers really update a 18 years old game for bug fixes?how the ♥♥♥♥ can you say no to that?
,Recommended,238210,35356080,Posted: 30 September,all,Sans,"An atmospheric RPG-Shooter that still holds up in 2017. If you like games such as ""Deus Ex"" and ""Bioshock"" then this is a must play."
76561198077522610,Recommended,238210,11439631,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Pandalovin,"The BAD:Dated graphics. Silly user interface. The Bioshock follow up tarnishes its reputation. Those are the only bad things you can say about this game.The GOOD:Survival horror/ RPG blend that works perfectly in the first person. Replayability. HARD. Thick atmosphere. True feelings of isolation. Memorable antagonist. Tension, lots of survival horror tension. Different difficulties that don't just make enemies bullet sponges. The SOUND! The Voice acting. The GAME! All of theses combined make a powerful user experience.The BOTTOM LINE:Labled as one of the greats, it deserves all of the praise. Ahead of its time. Things found in this game are present in the DNA of many other games released after it. A classic and timeless. A worthy experience to be played and played again later."
76561197983275722,Recommended,238210,15527325,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,[BEEF]  Yehudah ha-Makabi,It's pretty good.
,Recommended,238210,15163414,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Steel Horse,"System Shock 2 is an extremely vast, high-fantasy RPG set in the fictional land of Azeroth. Players can band together to complete quests throughout the game world and in instanced dungeons or raids. There are two main factions, the Horde and the Alliance, which are in a state of constant war (and thus divide the server.). Player-versus-Player combat is available in preset battlegrounds, arena areas, and contested world zones."
,Recommended,238210,11787764,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Frogs are People Too,"If you're looking at these reviews, you're probably wondering whether you should buy this or not. I'm here to answer that question. Yes. Have a good day."
76561197968331161,Recommended,238210,14118020,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Danger,"I'm not big into FPS games or horror games, but if you are this is cream of the crop of both worlds."
,Recommended,238210,12712479,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Esooped_Macho,"The thing about this game is that it doesn't rely on jump scares, hell even the graphics are pretty outdated, but you see that not what horror games should rely on. This game has TERRIFIC voice acting, and what i mean by that is TERRIFYING voice acting. The voice acting and sound design MAKE this game scary and it gives you the feeling of survival, rather than action *coughResidentEvil6cough*. I wish more games would be patient and take the time to set up the atmosphere rather than take shortcuts with cheap jump scares. The only jump scares you get are the ones you create YOURSELF, simply because you don't check behind enough times. Lastly, if Time splitters is to goldeneye, then Bioshock is to System shock 2, and those games are timeless."
,Recommended,238210,4617022,"Posted: 8 June, 2013",all,Overcooked Pineapple,Classic...
,Recommended,238210,24742369,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,°DeGrEeZ°,SHODAN LIVES!
76561198166771313,Recommended,238210,17500377,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,dstreet319,"In my opinion this game deserves way more praise than Bioshock, just a lot of people don't know about this amazing game. Bioshock 1 is System Shock 2 with a different coat of paint, even how the story progresses and plot twists are almost the sameOverall the game has a lot of gameplay mechanics, RPG elements, and really optimize keyboard and mouse controls for the interface and couple different playstyles. Although navigating the inventory can take some time to get use too. The difficulty can be challenging even the easy difficulty.As a survival horror game, this game is very creepy (as long as the music is on mute) The main antagonist Shodan is one the best villians I have every seen that she just taunts you through the entire game and sounds creepy as well.If you love Bioshock you will love this even more and let people know about this masterpiece, also there are plenty of mods online that can make this game look great"
,Recommended,238210,23906970,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,mEEmM4star von U🥛,2spooky4me
,Recommended,238210,15176608,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,cool stranger,it looks ok for a nintendo64 game but the computer chick is very similar to the robot from PoorTal. unlike PooRtal though you can shoot guys in this one so it's already better.
,Recommended,238210,21345602,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Rikuu The Werewolf Riolu,love it save often
,Recommended,238210,11190330,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Camel Juice,A game tailored only for sexy and Intelligent people like me.
,Recommended,238210,17053347,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,DeKay,Got half way through the gamediedrestartedrealized that there was no autosave in 199910/10 this is the real half life
,Recommended,238210,17030643,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Henry,It surely was a shock to the system and me when i got an error saying your graphics card is not supported for 1080pand this is with a titan x that only does 4k and beyond so yeah 2 shocks confirmed.I just had to restart the game andit was fixed as for the game in general i found the map designs to be brutal its so badly done and confusing i think according to the interwebs it says this is a classic but i just dont see it but since it gave me a good giggle from that graphics error im gonna gave this a high five ya dig.
76561197991435365,Recommended,238210,8379717,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Red Ranger,"After all these years, still an amazing game and cult classic. Fun FPS with highly relevant RPG elements."
76561198042181093,Recommended,238210,8417471,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,McSlur,Hard.
,Recommended,238210,2473413,"Posted: 17 May, 2013",all,Aslanidou,"IT'LL REALLY""SHOCK""YOUR ""SYSTEM"""
76561198103777063,Recommended,238210,13854653,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,maganjac,Fenomenal classic! Incredible gameplay. Super interesting story. I think that this is what today games should feel like. (Imagine this with modern graphics)
76561197984483984,Recommended,238210,13679442,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Mg^_^,"Just finished this game 3 times, with each career, and I have to say it is still great. The grand daddy of bioshock, deus ex, you name it. You will love this game, more than you love the others, cause this one is a classic. I have recomend this to all my friends. The gameplay is pretty simple and if you have played those I have mentioned above, you will feel at home. This is a one time oportunity you cannot pass, to share you experience with those you grow, and tell them you played this, is a must in every gamer heart. Do not forget to look at every corner and be ready to fight the hordes of Hybrids, this is the first game that really got me scared =)Enjoy it and share the experience"
,Recommended,238210,7802808,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Archon,"It's about time I got my hands on this great game! The atmosphere and pacing are exceptionally done, and though the game isn't technically an RPG, it definitely excels at being a Survival Horror/Action game. System Shock 2's controls are pretty standard fare for its time. That is, simple and straight-forward. Don't let that fool you though. This is a fairly deep and complex game as far as general mechanics are concerned. You use Cybernetic Modules as something equivalent to stat points to enhance and customize your preferred skills. There are also a number of weapons that can be both found or researched. Weapons come in two types (Not counting your Psi Amp): Ranged and Melee, which are broken down further into Standard, Energy, Heavy, and Exotic. So, as you can see there is a lot of variety in armaments. There is also armor which is divided between Environmental, Light, Heavy, and Powered.Due to the fact that you can customize everything ranging from your melee damage to your running speed, this is one of the few FPSes besides Breakdown that makes focusing on melee-only a viable option. The ways this game lets you approach a situation is limited only by your imagination. However what really makes this game a gem is its story and the overall atmosphere. Enemy and level designs are done exceptionally in a way that makes you feel truly alone and hopeless. Even with the patched in co-op feature the game's atmosphere still shoves itself to the forefront and keeps you and your friend in a constant state of tension. Whether it's because you accidentally triggered a security camera/alarm, or simply got too close to an Annelid egg, the sound effects in this game seem to pierce your senses to the core.Helping this further is the fact that by the time you start the game, all Hell has already broken loose on the Von Braun and your only clues towards piecing it together are the Audio Logs and the mysterious Dr. Polito. You soon learn that the crew has suffered a fate worse than death and your struggle only seems to get more desperate once you attempt to rendevous with Polito in one of the better plot twists in gaming. I won't spoil the penultimate end-game, but I will say that it takes the already repulsive physical nature of the Many and cranks it to 11.With all that high praise aside, the game does feel quite dated both mechanically and graphically. Sadly only the latter can be fixed via the use of fan-made High Resolution mods (Don't expect them to bump the game up to next-gen standards, but you can expect them to look at least as nice as an early Dreamcast game.).I would not suggest passing this game up considering how cheaply you can get it on Steam."
,Recommended,238210,7811060,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,obstacletina,What an awesome game! It's like a mix between half life and bioshock!
,Recommended,238210,8269398,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Licky PP,Youie
,Recommended,238210,17015031,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Trippie,"Bioshock is this games predecessor, so yeah of course it's good."
,Recommended,238210,20135986,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,SHIEEEEET,"This game pisses me off so much, since 99% of the time you don't know where to go. But it's pretty cool I guess."
76561198016773748,Recommended,238210,9593662,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Toast,This an awesome multiplayer game!
76561198188529401,Recommended,238210,15969030,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Fatal Prophet,"OMFG this game is bomb a lot of people today may be like ""it looks stupid"" but its a creepy,enjoyable thrill-ride for those who aren't afraid of a little scares....i stopped playing after a certain point the sounds and enemies got to me, not gonna say when but prepare for those kind of things.....all in all best game NA try it and get past its confusing controls and semi-bad graphics.. U DO THAT I PROMISE YOU YOU WON'T WANT TO STOP PLAYING"
,Recommended,238210,10781999,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Tisaga,"You'll find this game to be very scary... when you see how horrible the hybrid models look. Then you'll get a good laugh. Unless you find a cyborg midwife. Anyway, just install some mods and it's even better than it already is."
,Recommended,238210,20164400,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Creeping Death,Fix the damn multiplayer already!
,Recommended,238210,14939648,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Kubiks [road to mexican 2k],Rivals Half Life as best game of all time.
76561198088415097,Recommended,238210,11348277,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,EvilDead2Rules,"Crazy fun and crazy difficult, SysShock 2 is one of the finest PC games of all time. Definitely worth your money."
76561198081761022,Recommended,238210,10281484,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Pronoun  Pusher,Awsome but really hard. Classic.
,Recommended,238210,19692106,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Thievingmex1can,nah
,Recommended,238210,20101815,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,shabazztraiqahmad,SHODAN is in the band guys
,Recommended,238210,27900881,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,The Biscuit,"Controls are fiddly as ♥♥♥♥, but thats to be expected with older games.One of the most immersive fpses ive seen in a while.7/109/10 with rice"
76561198048630964,Recommended,238210,21050045,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Devilock,Bioshock-like RPG
76561198038371482,Recommended,238210,4514498,"Posted: 30 September, 2013",all,Rat 13,"L-l-look at you gamers: Play yours simple Call of Duty, Battlefields and other modern simplisity. Ever heard of a chalenge? How could you defeat a perfect immortal machine? You need brains, skills, reflexes, nerves and boldness; that you lack. Prove me wrong gamer -- play System Shock 2. You will probably be dead in a first 20 minutes, but in never hurt to try, is it? (c) Shodan"
76561198039523047,Recommended,238210,14715519,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,AndrossDidNothingWrong,"This game's quality will really...SHOCK you. huehuehuehueBut seriously, unless you're super attached to the scifi setting, I suggest playing Bioshock instead. This game has a lot of cool stuff, but the original Bioshock does 'most everything better."
76561198042451973,Recommended,238210,7933000,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Rodigo1,"A throwback to the predecessor of games like halo, bioshock, and other first person shooter games, system shock 2 is one of the hardest, quirkiest, funnest games of the 2000's. Give it a try!"
76561198044105742,Recommended,238210,5003877,"Posted: 12 May, 2013",all,Pandemic91,System Shock 2 > Bioshock+Bioshock Infinite
76561197980847728,Recommended,238210,11212785,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,rambuntan,"Like Skyrim, but Bioshock......With guns"
,Recommended,238210,522722,"Posted: 15 May, 2013",all,⑨ Cirno ⑨,"This and its predecessor, System Shock, are the reason that the Bioshock franchise exists. it's a shame that all the Bioshock games are lackluster in comparison, especially the latest installment, Bioshock Infinite. System Shock 1 and 2 were very strong pillars of FPS/RPG hybrids alongside the iconic Deus Ex, and are definitely worth playing by any gamer who isn't afraid to play something that isn't a DLC-riddled snoozefest (I'm looking at you, Call of Duty casuals)."
76561197971014234,Recommended,238210,12719699,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Deus Vultan,"You dont have to like this game, it is hard, rough, and scary but this game is part of a pinnacle never seen again.Im saddened when i think of all the people that experienced this gem, milestone and miracle of games."
,Recommended,238210,22638716,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Bboy9451,"PROS-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------The only game I've ever played that actually made me feel isolated and alone.-The sense of helplessness in this game is un-matched by anything I've ever played, and at the time of writing this review I've only played it for a few hours.-The RPG elements are brilliant, there's sooo many different character builds you can have it's insane!-Combat is pretty simple, mostly just aim and shoot. But all the strategies and options you have for how to take on enemies makes up for it.-It's a game from 1999 and it's already scared me 4 times.-The story and setting are fantastic.-Good options menu. (You can fully rebind controls and save control pre-sets)NUETRAL-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------The graphics don't look all that great from a technical standpoint, but because of the art direction it still holds up ok.CONS-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Difficulty can be a frustrating at times if you make a big mistake, or have no ammo for a section that reguires a ranged attack. Also you are required to have a research skill of 1, and a hacking skill of 3 in order to finish the game.-The GUI is awkward to use and just doesn't look good, especially the map.-Music completely ruins the atmosphere. I HIGHLY recommend turning it off before playing.VERDICT----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------The best sci-fi horror game of all time. Even at full price this game is totally worth it.5/5"
,Recommended,238210,26909141,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Tharg,Amazing game.
,Recommended,238210,2437746,"Posted: 10 May, 2013",all,Technobabble,"Sorry, System Suck D's for hardcore gamers only, (open dohr) so no Playstation or Nintendo users. —Jaakko ""Isvaffel"" Järvinen"
,Recommended,238210,34183956,Posted: 11 August,all,The Small Spoon,"The weird thing about this game is it seems to want to be taken seriously while playing techno music that wouldn’t sound out of place in a rave in 2002. So, the game will show me horrific imagery of people being driven to the point of insanity and committing suicide, women having their bodies horrifically violated by forced robotic augmentation while begging for death, people losing every trace of humanity in there brain through robotic augmentation and torture to the point where they attack anything breathing with blunt instruments in a cacophony of rage and fear pummelling its way into their subconscious. All while I’m thinking “Yeahhhh boiiiiii, ♥♥♥♥ing banger this track laaad”."
76561198123076569,Recommended,238210,33463372,Posted: 11 July,all,Ice,"A bit complex at first and the combat is garbage but once you get the hang of it, the game becomes a great experience."
76561198114413548,Recommended,238210,33467622,Posted: 11 July,all,zharl,"The game is graphically ugly by today's standards, the upgrade system is clunky, the weapons are unbalanced, and inventory management is a pain.Despite all this, I whole-heartedly reccommend this game. If you're a fan of FPS's and RPG's this game is an excellent blend of the two. Just know, that the learning curve is steep."
,Recommended,238210,7816580,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Bill Nye The Russian Spy,Best Game Evar
,Recommended,238210,16989727,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Matt Zion,"This was a game I had no idea even existed until The Spoony Experiment would talk about it in his reviews. Looked it up and found out it was coop. Forced my buddy to play through the entire game and we had a blast until the last hour or so when it became extremely unbalanced. But I can forgive that since 95 percent of the game was so much fun to play. I can't see myself playing this solo, but with a friend was an awesome experience. Just also be ready for a lot of backtracking. Low 5 out of 5 Matt faces."
,Recommended,238210,11928052,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Nose,Great game. Still scary in 2014. Classic.
,Recommended,238210,11916456,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,aszecsei,"This game is easily one of my favorites.  Very difficult, very rewarding, and SHODAN is one of the greatest characters to grace my computer.  The graphics are dated, and the gameplay - especially movement and inventory - is a bit clunky, but overall it's a fantastic game."
76561198020214398,Recommended,238210,18750783,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,NightZerker,"One of the classics of gaming, I have to admit the controls are dated but if you manage to get through it you get to play one of the best story out there."
76561198130514798,Recommended,238210,10853294,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,amphetamachine,Classic. Still better than Mass Effect.
,Recommended,238210,14429902,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Dravvad,"As tends to happen when people don't experience a ""classic"" until long after they came about, they are sometimes skeptical. I am not very skeptical about games that much, usually. In fact, I will often assume a game is better than what people say, but you can't do much more if they say the game is the ""best"" ever, which many people say about System Shock 2. But after completing it, I have to say:Play this game! Get it! If you've ever wondered about it, don't wait any longer!This game has landed in the group of my favorite games of all time. It stands the test of time in just about every aspect. And for a game in the 1990's, that is a great feat. I have played all of the BioShock games before I have played this predecessor, and I have to say that System Shock 2 has pretty much all of the features of the BioShock games, and even more. That is not to say that it suddenly changed my opinion of the BioShock games. They are all put together very well in their own ways and I love them too (hence why I have them on Steam after beating them on console).System Shock 2 is a challenging game, but very rewarding. I will advise not to play on the hardest difficulties on your first try though, as the game will quickly throw you aside. Technically, you don't have to worry about dying if you want to keep reusing the regenerators that you find in each level, but they cost money (unlike in the later BioShock games), thus you can't keep dying forever. However, I find that doing so will ruin the atmosphere of the game, so do your best to play it well; but don't try to be a perfectionist either, or you will ruin the fun that way.I liked the RPG aspects of the game, being able to modify items and upgrade your character. In some sense, they were just there to make the game harder as you can't use some items for a while, or hacking is worse. But they are still relatively balanced for the most part, except for PSI Powers. Honestly, most of the PSI Powers are useless and even if you invest heavily in them, you won't get that far. I feel like on hardest difficulties, using them at all wouldn't do any good. Others may say you can get far with them, but I just stuck to standard weapons and melee for the most part.Exploring the ship(s) was interesting, as the environments were relatively different in certain decks. The creatures around were very creepy, though eventually wore off on me and I wasn't as freaked out as I was at the start of the game. The game requires you to backtrack a lot at different times, which was rather bothersome, but the story kept me focused, and the audio logs that you find are very well-done for a game made at this time. It is interesting to see how a small set of characters made it (or didn't) through the events with the Annelids.The sound in the game was relatively well-done, aiding in the atmosphere. I enjoyed the music itself, but it did take away from the vibe of the game, and also makes it hard to hear enemies at times. Thankfully, it wasn't played that much in most areas, so I left it on. As said above, the audio logs were really well-done. All of the voice acting was great and kept me engaged.Speaking of voice acting, the best part of the game was SHODAN. A very interesting character with a very interesting backstory. All throughout the game, I felt very afraid of her, wondering how things were going to turn out. I think that the voice alterations done for SHODAN's audio were perfect and that she made the game entirely. She made the story much better, as I feel like the general exploration and backtracking would have worn you down without such a captivating person (or thing!) at your side the whole time.The only thing in the game that didn't really hold up well is the graphics, which isn't that surprising. But most games are still playable if you don't worry too much about the physical appearance. If you are, however, a stickler for how a game looks (even when it's as old as this one), then you'll be happy to know that there are very good mods you can download to improve the looks if need be.Really, the only thing that disappointed me about the game was the ending. I won't go into any detail here, but many people agree with me. It ruined the tone of the game and was rather sloppily done. I wish there had been something better done with it, as essentially throwing your players' hours of hard work away is terrible.But I have to say, play this game. Everything is put together well, especially for when this game was made. I only grew more excited as I kept playing and never got bored. As I said, I think the largest factor of that was SHODAN and the story with her. Easily one of the best video game characters of all time."
,Recommended,238210,13171938,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Mew,"L-l-l-l-l-look at you, hacker. A pa-pa-pathetic creature of meat and bone. (panting and) Panting and sweating as you r-r-run through my corridors. (How, how) How can you challenge a perfect, immortal machine?"
,Recommended,238210,13933379,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Jom!™Ｅｎｊｏｙ,♥♥♥♥ing monkeys do like infinite damage and can't ♥♥♥♥ing get hit. It's total ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.Best game ever.
,Recommended,238210,7757773,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,john versus the volcano,like bioshock just not a load of♥♥♥♥♥
76561198155488685,Recommended,238210,33808162,Posted: 26 July,all,bannedincanada,One of the greatest games of all time hands down.
,Recommended,238210,18737327,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,caubert,"OK. Sry, I will take back my negative attitude towards this game not launching properly. It's still is buggy. all you have to remember one thing -> to install it on C:\ (under other drives, intros will not play and other messt stuff happens) at least on my system. Great game,"
76561198080167505,Recommended,238210,9077036,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,TanukiGamer,"It's Bioshock in SSSPPPAAAAACCCEEE! It's a little more technical and rpg-like, but a lot of fun."
,Recommended,238210,35325515,Posted: 29 September,all,sudo apt-get install gayday2,"Look at you, hacker: a pathetic creature of meat and bone, panting and sweating as you run through my corridors. How can you challenge a perfect, immortal machine?"
,Recommended,238210,23916108,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,LittleLuigi737,Yes Hacker Yes.
76561198042225625,Recommended,238210,15186826,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,ikkiyakki,one of the best games made by humans
,Recommended,238210,24028971,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Titanium Viper,A great game that I got addicted to from the very beginning and is hands down one of my favorite games.
76561198064418546,Recommended,238210,24626078,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Marquis de Pain (Unempld Trump),Best First Person Shooter/Roleplay game ever made. Was surprised that they actually managed to port it onto Windows 8. They don't make games like they used to. The kids see bunch of fancy graphics and think that's all there is to gaming. The classics are the best.
,Recommended,238210,24466954,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Duck Hunt-Pr0,"One of my all-time favorite games. Though, it's beginning to become a bit dated. If the choice stood between this or e.g halflife1, i'd choose this game any day.Extra plus for having been ported to Linux."
76561198241565782,Recommended,238210,24549301,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Baron_Tequacat,"A word of warning: this review may or may not be spoilerific in nature. Given the importance of the twists and turns for the full ""System Shock 2 Experience""(TM), those who haven't played the game to completion should probably stop reading (that is if you've somehow avoided spoilers for an 18 year old game). If you're just looking for a recommendation, well... it's System Shock 2. It's a classic. Play it for your sake, if for no other reason.With that disclaimer out of the way, on to my actual thoughts on the game.If you somehow couldn't tell from the disclaimer and convenient large blue thumb showing its appreciation, i quite liked System Shock 2. The story is intriguing, the environments uniquely disturbing, and if you can stand the cluttered interface you'll find an RPG with a surprising amount of equally viable strategies and builds. And holy cow, that atmosphere. I personally challenge anyone to play the game for more than an hour and not feel engrossed by the world and the characters (the very vast majority of which are either found as audio logs or, optionally, cadavers). In particular, the Many are a great departure from the usual ""beastly alien"" found in science fiction, adopting the role of a foil to SHODAN's icy discontent at your presence.Particularly, i think that the use of visual storytelling is brilliant in SS2. The layout feels like a logical way for a space frigate would, and the many obstacles in your way are a great way of familiarizing oneself with an area and then thinking about the next as a connected part of a monstrous, living organism. That's probably the best way to describe the environment: a creaking, delapidated, and rather irate monster hell-bent on introducing you to demise in as gruesome a method as possible. The sense of isolation is strengthened by the fact that you are the only living human on the Von Braun ; everyone else has left, is dying, or is in the process of doing so. It makes that feeling of creeping dread a lot more present.In terms of content, the game feels just about perfect. While there is a bit of backtracking, it never feels too forced, and tends to increase the tension on higher difficulties. My first playthrough clocked in around 16 hours (pay no mind to my hours) and i still feel interested enough to give it another go on a higher difficulty with a different specialization.So, it's a highly atmospheric, well-designed, and surprisingly replayable game. Go buy it. It's awesome."
76561198016262119,Recommended,238210,24148338,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,The Pillowman,"Incredible story, checked this one out because it was the studio that made Bioshock and I'd heard incredible things about it, and it did not disappoint.  Few things:PROS:-Amazing storyline. A dark, complex story that holds up, had me looking for as many audio logs as I could to get more of the backstory and to discover the fate of different crewmembers-Character development was excellent (not so much for your mute character) considering the only interaction with a lot of the characters on the Van Braun was through audio logs. Observing how some descended to madness while others struggled for survival was fascinating. The development of the antagonists was also spectacular, and I saw why SHODAN is considered an all time video game antagonist.-Weapon variety and enemy variety are both solid-Playthrough time was excellent, really a substantial game that though long, never drags in terms of interest.-Also, considering the game takes place entirely on a spaceship, there was some pretty solid variation in environments, which I appreciated.-Player customization is very diverse. Replayability potential is there. I went through barely even using the psionic power, focusing more on weaponry and repair.CONS:-This is more a quibble with the mechanics than the gameplay itself. This is a very dark game, visually (although thematically as well, which is great!). The gamma slider does exactly squat, at least for my laptop, and while for the most part it's not that big a problem, on one of the later levels in particular it makes the game very difficult to navigate.-Also something that might have been specific to my computer, but the game wasn't terribly responsive when it came to firing weapons, and something that drove me crazy was an inability to fire a gun while moving.  This meant that when faced with some of the stronger enemies, once they got within a certain range it was unpreventable death.Overall, great game even as we approach something like 20 years. I would love a remaster a la the Resident Evil remaster, since the graphics definitely could use an upgrade, but even the poor graphics don't detract from the experience that much because the story is so strong.10/10 story8/10 mechanicsDefinitely recommend!"
76561198051051596,Recommended,238210,24589423,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,sacrafish,"Pros:Great delivery of the storyMore gameplay diversity than some modern gamesHard enough to give a sense of accomplishment without feeling unfairMany rooms to explore, many items to descoverSatisfying combatPretty spookyCons:Graphicly outdatedInitially frustrating invantory management (you learn what you need)Many skills you are able to learn are useless or become uslessA few BS enemy locations, but not many"
76561198123195833,Recommended,238210,24658184,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Spordos,10/10 intro was rlly spoopy
76561198086093824,Recommended,238210,24964890,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Got to be Real,"One of the best RPG's ever.Still awesome.The word *Classic* was meant for such finery and art as this. A gaming masterpiece.Immersive and engaging story told in an an excellently ecclectic way, pieced together as the player uncovers more information, understanding the relationships of the (superbly realised) characters, their stories and what they have been doing whilst you have been restlessy in hypersleep. It sets the whole scene so perfectly: and gives it an inherantly creepy edge all the way through, with the *ghosts* of the crew everywhere.It also still has some of the most genuinley scary and disquieting parts in any game ever, even still, despite the dated graphics; a real testament to it's creative game design.The diversity of play available to the player is not only in terms of the 3 main branches of service; but also how to mix and match aspects that come from each, with every new decision meaningful as you get more upgrade modules to enhance your particular chosen skills, that will determine how the game unfolds for you. In all areas there will be things you can not do yet, so you are always having to plan ahead strategically as well as thinking of what your immidiate concerns are. It fits perfectly with the open-ended sandbox type of play. You are set objectives, but so often its totally up you how and when you do them, which becomes more diverse the more you open up new areas; and I have always loved the fact that (nearly always) you can re-visit the early areas of the ship.This is a game that is packed with lovely ideas: the nav beacon system where you can write notes on the map, the inventive way that your character is *stored and retrieved* by the resurrection stations on each level, the degredation (enhanced entropy) of weapons, the scope of different ways to deal with incresingly complex situations that will have you continually juggling with the different game aspects, and the way that the *rules of the game* change as the story descends into a kind of obsessive bio-technological madness.I have played this through numerous times (still have the original disk and box and played it many MANY times ever before it was on steam), and is still fun+enaging+ scary AF!This is an absolute MUST for any gamer. 10/10. The interface system can be a bit clunky sometimes, but in reality; as flawless as any game could ever be."
,Recommended,238210,24663012,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Barrel,"This game is a wonderful example of weird, but brilliant, science fiction story telling. It's unsettling atmosphere is literally oozing out of every place you go. For a game made almost 20 years ago, it holds up even though some might say its ""difficult"" or has bad graphics. It started the ""shock"" type games, though few there are, they are great games. Speaking of which, this game beats Bioshock. End of story. In all seriousness this is one of my personal favorite games, I even have a little PSI amp replica I made. Thats just how much I love this game. A masterpiece in every sense of the word."
76561198074798999,Recommended,238210,24650498,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,mrpenguinb,"Yes, Supersonic and killer super monkeys are real."
,Recommended,238210,24694426,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,ottoollie36,"System Shock 2 is the kind of game I show people when they say that all old games are inferior to modern games because I know of no other game from 2010 onwards with this level of depth and densely packed lore. Every audio log, item flavour text and message scrawled on the wall in blood serves to better immerse yourself in it's world and create. Not to mention the music which helps create a tense atmosphere, something which many games struggle with even today. To be honest, System Shock isn't perfect mainly because of the upgrading system, for you see, System Shock is a FPS RPG and NOT a FPS with rpg elements so being that if you try to hold a gun without investing a point into the basic stat; the game doesn't let you. This creates a dilemma becuase, later in the game, if you don't invest your points wisely you'll hit a brick wall you can't pass which really holds back the game. But, hopefully, modders will have something to fix that by now. So in summary, I give System Shock 2 a hearty reccomendation as long as you are willing look at a guide to invest your points well."
76561198318971624,Recommended,238210,24980376,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Kriegswolf,"The gunplay/combat is showing its age and isn't really worth writing home about, and the soundtrack doesn't mesh well with the horror atmosphere that the game is trying to establish (i suggest turning off the music. Makes the experience much better imo) but regardless of those flaws everything else is amazing."
76561197961344571,Recommended,238210,16455089,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Voidreaper,"But $h!t it was .99 cents!Seriously, get this game. If you've never played this you can't call yourself a gamer.Glory to the Many!"
76561198368075321,Recommended,238210,34756397,Posted: 5 September,all,E-Wan,"So I recently rediscovered Bioshock and after playing through it twice, I felt like going back to the roots as it were.I'd heard a lot of good stuff about System Shock 2, and I'm surprised to say that every bit of praise is 100% deserved! The game is creepy, exciting and atmospheric, with gameplay systems as deep as the Mariana trench. There is so much to do and so many ways of ding it, that I feel as though I could go back and play it a second time and have a radically different experience, and unlike most RPGs, it's short enough (at about 12-20 hours) that I could actually go and do just that (because lets be real, who's going to go and play a 100-hour RPG monster through a second time, just to see what's different?).The game absolutely stands the test of time. It feels as fresh and engaging as if it had come out last year (unless you really have a problem with old-looking games). Sure, it's a little clunky, but it's not an action game, so that shouldn't be an issue. There is so much to like here, that I#m sure you'll find it worth a shot.Unfortunately, not everything is well balanced. Standard weapons are overwhelmingly more powerful that anything else in the game, but with a game this complex, I suppose making every choice of specialisation equally powerful was asking too much. Probably the worst thing about SS2 is the very final cutscene, which is so unbelievably cringy and cheesy, it's as if the game turned into Duke Nukem at the last minute, or as if the Dog Ending was the only ending in Silent Hill 2. It doesn't hurt the excellent experience that comes before it, but it's best if you know it's coming...Anyway, great game, true classic. I had fun with it and so will you, I hope."
76561197996026362,Recommended,238210,1660070,"Posted: 15 May, 2013",all,hegel5000,"An earlier game by the makers of Bioshock.Imagine Bioshock but with outer space instead of the ocean, cybernetic implants instead of ADAM, psychic powers instead of plasmids, a computer instead of Frank Fontaine, a biologial version of the Borg instead of Andrew Ryan, and nanites instead of dollar bills.Also, Bridgette Tanenbaum is some French woman, the pace is slower (for more of a survival horror feel; think Dead Space), and character development choices are permenant.So essentially, Bioshock is this but not in space."
76561198014021112,Recommended,238210,2881762,"Posted: 28 July, 2013",all,DiogoSN,"Do you like the original BioShock or Bioshock 2? Then this game will make you step up the game from that. System Shock 2 is a true Survival-Horror FPS/RPG of which will put you in a ship filled with freakish mutants and an AI that will give you nightmares. BioShock, being the spiritual successor of the System Shock franchise, has similarities of System Shock 2 like the audio logs, different ammunition etc. Make sure you ration your resources and that you keep your courage alive if you're gonna dive into this game, you may not ever come back. I recommend it!"
,Recommended,238210,1305155,"Posted: 11 May, 2013",all,vipuser2007,"Don't miss System Shock 2 to the Steam! With very affordable price you will touch the history, the father of my favorite genre - Cyberpunk, the game influenced the whole genres in the futurehttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/System_Shock_2http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SHODANhttp://ru.wikipedia.org/wiki/System_Shock_2http://ru.wikipedia.org/wiki/SHODAN"
,Recommended,238210,7837536,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,D E L T E I S,"Honestly this game is old.... If you can get around that... BEST GAME EVER PLAYED. I don't just normaly mean this. However, this games storyline has absolutely no flaws. I've loved it for a couple fo years, have not gotten bored once! The combat and invintory are great aswell.GET THIS GAME. TRUST ME. (Granted you get off on Sci-fi action horror"
,Recommended,238210,7711718,"Posted: 21 November, 2013",all,DustyBlue,"This game will utterly blow your pathetic fleshy mind, insect. You are nothing. A wretched bag of flesh. What are you, compared to System Shock 2's magnificence?"
,Recommended,238210,1715745,"Posted: 27 May, 2013",all,Fartlek Spizzle,"Hey, everyone who thinks Bioshock is so great and innovative and wonderful?  Play this and witness how it does every single thing better."
,Recommended,238210,16700799,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Nope.,"A great classic, aged very good."
,Recommended,238210,15064752,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Puttoni,"System Shock 2 isn't shocking game (in bad way), actually game is fantastic! Classic, year 1999. Gameplay is fine, not best, fine. Story, okay. Weapons, yes! Weapons are amazing! Game is worth of your moneys.Rating:3/5Not best, but not worse either. In sortly, good game!"
76561198031889732,Recommended,238210,30031175,Posted: 19 February,all,Lucandriel,"This is the best horror game out there. I've started playing in 1999 and now, 18 years later I still can't bring myself to finish it.  00001010 out of 00001010!"
,Recommended,238210,9837898,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Chad Daddy,easiest game in history
,Recommended,238210,10541678,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,SaNDeX,This game is just bueno... Nothing else to say.
76561198039272161,Recommended,238210,8156356,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,$m0@k3n$h!31D,"Are you looking for a painfully outdated cluster♥♥♥♥ of genres in one cheap, tightly compacted package that leads to the inevitable spawning of guns and then the occasional final boss, when this event occurs the game proceeds to break, and you give up all hope and go back to playing titan's quest (jk i have no hours played on that game but i was told it was pretty decent), I hope this review helped you and you aren't negatively effected by the severe lack of periods, glhf"
76561198227992880,Recommended,238210,22715311,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Mr. Sexys PIzza,I have a story...Ran out of bullets in my pistol.Found a Shotgun.Saw that the Shotgun is broken.Quit game.
,Recommended,238210,8086582,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,DAD-alus,"I take into consideration that this game is not recent. I did not play this game when it was new, but I did appreciate other games that were released around the same time.I have to compare this game to Deus Ex, and in that regards, it falls hopelessly short. As most games of that era the combat was fairly basic, and varied only in as much as the player forced it to be. You can choose different paths, though on anything but the hardest difficulty it doesn't really matter unless you want to present yourself the challenge of using ""psy"" instead of weapons.The story was fairly predictable, not bad, but it didn't stand out as a masterpiece like it was explained to be. The inclusion of recordings really helped this along a lot, without them there would just be a shuffle of going from place to place, re-killing the same dudes, collecting random♥♥♥♥♥♥and using it on other random♥♥♥♥♥♥until you got to shoot the boss. There were a couple of twists and turns, but it wasn't anything overwhelming or shocking, they did add a little bit of intrigue.Overall not a terrible game at all, revolutionary for its time, but if you don't have the nostalgia aspect you'll find yourself grinding through it for the sake of playing a piece of history.If you want something far better and in a similar Genre, go with Deus Ex. It didn't feel like you revisted the same locations pointlessly a thousand times, the decisions you made mattered, and there were actual benefits to taking different approaches to play through the game rather than forcing yourself to experience unnecessary challenge.Fun? MehValid To Video Game History/Development? SureAppealing to players not familiar with the series? Nah. Just play Deus Ex if you want Cyberpunk from that period, or Bioshock 1 if you want the same game only better now."
,Recommended,238210,25092140,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,kaizsu,The greatest game ever. 5/5.
,Recommended,238210,25140148,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Bitchboy Supreme,I got the♥♥♥♥♥♥scared out of me by a bunch of pixels and polygons. ♥♥♥♥ this game.
,Recommended,238210,1295033,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,>f7> angrysquare,One of the most important PC games of the late 90's.  The mother of survival-horror as a genre.
,Recommended,238210,34021420,Posted: 4 August,all,braxnu,This game is my life
,Recommended,238210,14732534,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Chicken Fo' Dayz,Got to shoot Shodan in the face with a rocket launcher best game ever 10/10.
,Recommended,238210,391775,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,Saint Satan,The Steam version actually has the unoffical fanmade patch.  Pretty cool.
,Recommended,238210,8198374,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Not One Of Us,Greatest  game of all time.
,Recommended,238210,24308572,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,El Senpai!,I was terrified by a worm. 10/10
76561198025782068,Recommended,238210,10021607,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Joseph Stylin,10/10
,Recommended,238210,9405596,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Solaire of Astora,"System Shock 2 offers an unparalleled sense of place and agency in a video game- an immersive sim at its finest.Unlike modern games with simplified contextual world interaction, traversing the world is dynamic: The player can run, jump, and climb at will, and ""Press X to win"" never rears its head. Object interaction is also dynamic: You can drag batteries onto world objects to power them up, drag $ITEM onto $ITEM_2 to kill $SPOILERS, or just drag objects onto the ground to drop them.Likewise, stealth is a dynamic affair, not limited to simple cover-based mechanics with rows of waist-high crates. The game uses the same stealth system as Thief, taking multiple mechanics into account, including darkness, cover, and sound, with multiple levels of enemy awareness.Finally, the game's survival-horror elements are made all the stronger by its lack of hand-holding. Instead of relying on cheap jump-scares, SS2 terrifies the player through heavy ambiance and a constant sense of aloneness and vulnerability."
,Recommended,238210,9620615,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,XxX banan apa i båt XxX,brest gam evir!1!1
,Recommended,238210,9659853,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Krokididle Bumble B,Nice Old Type Of Rpg Its Really Fun And I Suggest Getting It!
76561197998212178,Recommended,238210,9973438,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Shadibadoo,System Shock 2 is the spiritual ancestor of games like Bioshock and Deadspace.It's basically Half-Life with an interesting skilltree and fully explorable space-station.Scary and great.
,Recommended,238210,19553238,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,A L I E N,this game crashes every time i try to set a new resolution
76561197977899761,Recommended,238210,7815973,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Nimryl,"System shock 2 is one of the best if not thee best game I've played today. Most of the gameplay aspects of the game haven't been beaten todate (in my opinion). The storyline is tremendous and is one of the best. The graphics aren't great, but the gameplay is... and for me when it comes to games it's all about the gameplay (mostly). If you want fun, a good storyline and believe in ""it's what's on the inside that counts""... then buy. ;D"
,Recommended,238210,8419919,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Ouchi,god this game is old but very very good
,Recommended,238210,26789193,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,dawdlingknight,dsjhjag
,Recommended,238210,9888664,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,t'aint nothin',"System Shock 2 is an excellent and original game. Then Bioshock came along and spoiled ev- just kidding. If you have ever played the original bioshock or any of the thief games (Excluding the garbage that was released in 2014) you'll love this game. It is an exploration game that is one you will kind of just wander around through and slowly but surely make progress in. It's kind of cool to see how much bioshock was inspired by this game considering its many similarities. System Shock 2 is at best, a cruel game. Any firearms break down quickly and have limited ammo, so it's impractical to use them. In truth you are better off using the wrench for all your killing needs. If you miss one hit, you could find yourself getting battered to death by a ton of angry polygonal beef jerky monsters that used to be people but now carry lead pipes and shotguns all the while begging you for death. In all honesty, your best course of action may be to give them what they want. 9/10"
,Recommended,238210,13960054,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,El Berto,it was okay 10/10
,Recommended,238210,7355661,"Posted: 10 October, 2013",all,OptimusPrime,"this is the holy grale of gamingbesides deus ex the best game I ever playedkudos to the developers, and thanks shodan for being the best adversary in gaming history ever :)"
76561197999281915,Recommended,238210,19504110,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,AlkalineRust,"Classic from 1999. Total atmospheric immersion and a gameplay style that doesn't hold your hand. You'll have to make tough choices about how to survive, but by the end of the game you'll have a sense of accomplishment as you mow through your enemies."
76561197999858314,Recommended,238210,14411752,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Sol Invictus,"Don't be fooled, Maybe it's graphically outdated compare to today's titles but it have a great storyline to piece together, great soundtrack, great atmosphere, amazing voice acting.So go download and install the visual mods and enjoy this unique FPS-RPG game"
76561197972483399,Recommended,238210,16343038,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Hamburger!,"If you are thinking of revisiting this blast from the past to co-op with a friend, forget it. Multiplayer is more broken than a hand in an industrial sausage press."
,Recommended,238210,13470123,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Lubo,"Even though it is old, it is still better than the majority of similar games on the market right now."
76561198112410528,Recommended,238210,30336578,Posted: 5 March,all,ZOOBOO,2scary4me
,Recommended,238210,16054268,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,JunkFriend2,Can't run on my computerGTX 980/10
,Recommended,238210,8268967,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,zernity,GOAT.
,Recommended,238210,8270868,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,The Denizen,"If you could get past the dated graphics, the game itself is pioneering in the adventure rpg genre."
,Recommended,238210,28918130,Posted: 1 January,all,tv,"Still relevant, even after all these years. A must-play game for any sci-fi fan. Also, better than Half-Life."
,Recommended,238210,22379156,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Technip,The only good second Shock game
,Recommended,238210,22561251,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Digital,"It's system shock 2... why are you reading reviews, it's a legend.  Get it and play it."
76561198037064610,Recommended,238210,11009398,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Auditore,It made me Peepee my pants twice ;_;
,Recommended,238210,30991509,Posted: 6 April,all,Ricter,Look at you hacker.Never played the best horror FPS/RPG of all time?Guess we ain't friends.
,Recommended,238210,31671222,Posted: 10 May,all,Dexter Morgan,Came out 18 years ago and is still the best game ever made
76561197964165419,Recommended,238210,175786,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,Zethril,"I pity every. And I mean EVERY person who plays video games and has not played this game. Yes its over 14 years old and the graphics are hugely dated. Doesn't matter, play this! If graphics are a problem there is mods out there to boost them to a high resoltion and another for some of the models.Other games with similiar game play are: the Elder Scroll Series (Skyrim), Deus Ex series, Borderlands series, etc. Only SS2 is scarier and more intense as you wade waist deep into the body count of your former space ship crew..... good luck."
,Recommended,238210,12030905,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,SirKwyjibo,"I haven't finished this game yet, but I can for sure tell you that this is one of the best games I have ever played. Here are my best highlights so far:*The story is so insane and makes you feel so small and weak against a giant menacing antagonist.*The gameplay is a little odd to today's standards, but I caught on very quick to it's controls and weapons system.*The character models are very old, but high resolution enviornments keep up with the standards of modern indie games.*Voice acting is superb all around! Enemies scream for you to kill them in the most chilling way, Xerxes's voice is very well done, and Sodan (who steals the show) is probably one of the best voiced antagonists ever.There are so many more points that I would like to talk about, but I feel like I am taking forever anyway. I am going to continue this review once I finish the game so I can give a personal score for it.All I can say for now is that this game is well worth more than it's asking price."
,Recommended,238210,26176871,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Squeeky Clean,"System Shock 2 plays sorta like Bioshock, has a plot similar (but much more complex and interesting in my opinion) to Portal, and a terrifying atmosphere that will make anyone (even those who have experience with the horror genre) near♥♥♥♥♥♥their pants. Although I've only gotten about halfway through this masterpiece, I can already say it's been up there as one of my favourite gaming experiences. No competition, SHODAN is the scariest ♥♥♥♥ing villain I've seen to date, even if only by virtue of the meticulous sound design that went into her voice. While the game may seem (at first) overly complex and dated; give the game a try and you will soon find that the tense environment not only overshadows, but is aided by the gimmicky control scheme and '90s cyberpunk visuals. Play for horror, rpg, and/or cyberpunk elements, there is something for everyone in this game.Overall, I would give System Shock 2 a 9/10, and recommend it to anyone familiar with the fps genre. If you've got $11 dollars to spare, you should definitely give the game a try."
76561198107463724,Recommended,238210,27497125,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,LittleFieryOne,"Despite how this game is clearly dated, there's a reason it's considered a classic. The writing is excellent, absorbing you in the story of the Von Braun, creating context for the world around you, and commenting on the conflict between individuality and collectivity.  A problem that I'd have to mention, however, is that it's hard to appreciate the writing when the game throws nearly a dozen mechanics and objectives straight towards you at once. The first time you play this, you'll probably be feeling exremely anxious, having to pick what upgrades to spend and navigating the bulky interface, all the while watching your back for whatever monstrosity may stumble upon your hiding places. Having said that, the gameplay is incredibly absorbing as soon as you have a handle for everything. For me, the second time I played this was even better than the first."
,Recommended,238210,18436824,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Xemnaes,"Xerxes is love, Xerxes is life."
,Recommended,238210,32938383,Posted: 28 June,all,ChefBoyHardYeet,"Besides the fact that changing the game to 1280x720 completely destroy all of my Steam local files, this game is pretty neato."
,Recommended,238210,2177215,"Posted: 15 August, 2013",all,2B3,"The ancestor of space horrors, one of the progenitors of modern ""smart shooters,"" and one of the best games to date.And replay its still fun :)"
,Recommended,238210,13346747,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Braxt,One of the greatest games of all time.
,Recommended,238210,13440074,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Melsa Hvarei,"The inventory management and the menus in general are a bit clunky and the voice actors are horrible.The gameplay and the story, however, are amazing."
,Recommended,238210,9858579,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Valen,Classic game that makes you fear for your life.
,Recommended,238210,20591540,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,kawacatoose,░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█░░░█░░░█░█░▄▀░█▀▀░░░▀█▀░█░█░█░█▀▀░█░░░░█░░░█░░░█░█▀▄░░█▀▀░░░░█░░█▀█░█░▀▀█░▀░░░░▀░░░▀▀▀░▀░▀░░▀░▀▀▀░░░░▀░░▀░▀░▀░▀▀▀░▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▄░░░░░░░░░░░█░░█░░░░░░░░░░░█░░█░░░░░░░░░░█░░░█░░░░░░░░░█░░░░████████▄▄█░░░░░██████▄▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█████░░░░░░░░░███████▀░░░░▀▀██████▀
,Recommended,238210,21917208,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Nox,"You must get this game, you must play this game.This is one of those experiences that must happen."
,Recommended,238210,17637756,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Midnight,
76561198288648507,Recommended,238210,30485069,Posted: 12 March,all,Candy In My Van,One of the best games i have ever played. I cound not stop playing it until i beat it. For $10 you NEED to play this.
76561198164895115,Recommended,238210,32453755,Posted: 15 June,all,CommanderSheriff,Space Bioshock
,Recommended,238210,30472390,Posted: 12 March,all,G R A N D A D,"One of the best pieces of cyberpunk, buy it if you are a fan of the genre."
,Recommended,238210,6048659,"Posted: 11 May, 2013",all,hsmoke,"Behold! The genre shaping has returned! The spiritual succesor to BioShock, System Shock 2 has been kept in darkness for years, but in these past few BioShock months, it is finally available on Steam.System Shock 2 did not only spawn the fantastic BioShock IP, it also was the core of inspiration for many games we know and love. Fallout, Portal, Half Life, and many more to note have all borrowed little snippets from this beauty. Despite it having a sadly low sales rec, System Shock 2 is a cult classic in gaming, and this new Steam release is all it needs for that kick of life.9/10. The foundations for Survival Horror Action RPG Strategy Shoot-em-Ups today. Phew."
76561198004441097,Recommended,238210,11041432,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,{Δ} A Bandit (HA),if you like ghosts gats tank gats rocket gats fast cars and spookers this is not er gam
,Recommended,238210,10681306,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,PsyЯen,SHODAN's voice gave me a boner 10/10 game
,Recommended,238210,29616144,Posted: 31 January,all,This is not the game I once knew,"♥♥♥♥, I really - REALLY like this game."
,Recommended,238210,1890143,"Posted: 17 August, 2013",all,Luisfius,I AM SORRYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY
,Recommended,238210,10922174,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,cafe con leche,this is old but it is good
,Recommended,238210,9462529,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Fb||Dr. Österreich,You can beat up half naked zombies. 10/10
76561198146765596,Recommended,238210,16453367,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,JDawgRiggz,girl is super sexy.   11/10 would bang again
,Recommended,238210,27273085,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Morak Senpai,Well worth looking past the somewhat dated visuals for an unforgettable experience.
,Recommended,238210,32427801,Posted: 15 June,all,Shekelstein,GudMe likey
76561198093363183,Recommended,238210,33931283,Posted: 31 July,all,Smackm0nk3y,"I played this years ago and was amazed by it.  You can think of it as an early Bioshock, just futuristic.  Great if you like old games."
76561198168386742,Recommended,238210,14845967,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,dovakeen117,Opened closetmid wife jumped me♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥pantsbeat her to death with a wrenchlost almost all healthwent to look for med hypomonky killed me by throwing blue balls10/10 would die again.
,Recommended,238210,7373060,"Posted: 12 October, 2013",all,ChexGuy,The best of the best in survival horror. Excellent atmosphere and music.
76561198086450865,Recommended,238210,28516429,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,That Cheeky Chip,MMMMMMMMMSYSTEM SHOCK TWO
,Recommended,238210,33944228,Posted: 1 August,all,That Frank Guy,"Yesterday somebody sneaked behind me through a supermarket auto door. Hit him with a wrench and finished him. Pathetic meaet. This game ha haHhas prEppreared me.10 ouT of 1? mm:ss: €鵊t??€P??吚t嬅鑉?;饈?   ^[酶   ^[脨<\t</t3烂?脣繳嬱兡鳶VW3蹓]鴫M鼖鷭?繳h4g@ d0d?嬈楮  嬝呟u婨鼖蠇骤D??岴鳳嬎I?   嬈鐲?婾鴭E鼖翔""?3繸YYd?h;g@ 岴e?瞄闷腽_^[YY]脣繱VWUQ?$嬸嬈锜?孁?|]?鐼劺tR奆鐰劺tF?   3?鹼6奃?劺tE凖}#C;鹼奃?劺u铍嬘嬈枰??鹽蕥肏隸?|?桦?劺t€<$ t?   隒3离??~9?   嬈钖?嬝C;鹼&€|:u€<$ t;麀?瑕?劺t岰?嬅?3繸]_^[脨SVWU兡鴪$嬸?嬈?孁墊$嬈璨?嬭峗;雦4奃鑌?劺t€<$ t孄"
76561197970078168,Recommended,238210,378661,"Posted: 26 July, 2013",all,hermetico,"FIRST IMPRESSIONI bet this game was delivered a bit later than Half Life 1.Similar graphical level and approach.Similar  ""surprises"" at the beginning of the game but, less depth in the history board, to begin with.It adds hacking stuff, among their own approach that, probably influenced further games. I am seeing the door keyboard hacking in Splinter Cell, among other games, by example.Well, if you missed this game (as myself) when it was released, you have now the oportunity to check of those key games that were influenced by other key games and that influenced moderner key games.Too early to have a complete judgement."
76561198064608695,Recommended,238210,34424863,Posted: 22 August,all,roelloos,2spoopy4me
76561198378723019,Recommended,238210,34541589,Posted: 27 August,all,Freeloader,"Father of Bioshock. Fans of Cyberpunk, RPGs and FPS games should give System Shock 2 a shot. At first the game can be complex. However, the more you play the more you get familar with the game's machanics. Overall, System Shock 2 is a great Horror/RPG/FPS/Cyberpunk game. One of the greatest innovative games of all time. A Must Play."
76561198018660341,Recommended,238210,7558752,"Posted: 3 November, 2013",all,Maxximus McClane Freeman Payne,"The predecessor to Bioshock. Before Bioshock was Bioshock there was System Shock 2! Made by the same developers. Was the most requested game on GOG! Playthroughs won't play the same everytime! Play it yourself and see why this game is in the hall of fame for videogames, and not just because of the RPG greatness it contains. This was and still is a RPG genre defining game."
76561198007859011,Recommended,238210,20067776,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,deathfromthesea,The best rpg/fps ever great mods for game still fun the play and very tense great game
76561197964866568,Recommended,238210,12375656,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Crusader_bin,"Update for the contest:The ""GAME WITHIN A GAME"" Award - this game had many games that you could install in your PDA and it was fun, to just lock yourself in somewhere (hopefully) safe to play those games :)Back to old review:System Shock 2 is one of the best games I ever played.It shows that FPS games can be merged with RPG games flawlessly AND deliver amazing story.At the time, it also looked good, but that was just a bonus.If you never played it back in the day - think BioShock. Because BioShock took everything it has, from SystemShock 2.That is not even a generalisation. I don't mind though, because If it took more, it would have been even better :)Many ways to develop your character offers replayability. Coop exists, but it is best not to admit it does. It's a single player game. :)Highly recommend to anyone who can overlook slightly outdated graphics (there are mods though).10/10."
,Recommended,238210,7493985,"Posted: 27 October, 2013",all,blade_runner,Little Monkeys : OP
76561198065147783,Recommended,238210,16486364,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,kerryleblanc,"Probably would not recommend this game, unless you are willing to die a lot, your hp is crappy at least at first you'll die in 2 or 3 hits. You have little ammo so you have to rely on Mr Goodwrench. It's always been a problem with games hardly any real world testing of a game."
,Recommended,238210,13357183,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,BLOW JOB BLAZKOWICZ,lost my wrench
,Recommended,238210,1460162,"Posted: 11 May, 2013",all,J o n e x,"It’s been almost 10 years since I last played System Shock 2. The nostalgia I have for this great survival horror rpg is incredible. Everything that established my love for games can be found in this game. Great atmosphere, great gameplay, a mysterious and enticing story, great environment design, the whole package. Considering it’s a re-release from 1999 with updated compatibility for modern systems, it’s well worth the current price. Night Dive studios have done a great job at fixing up the game and making it available for the modern audience.Now if you’ve playedanyof the Bioshock games you will most likely fall in love with System Shock 2. Irrational Games (most notably Ken Levine) built the System Shock games before moving onto the Bioshock games and they share many similarities in terms of pacing and story. I’m going to refer to similarities between both these game series so that more modern gamers can more easily understand System Shock 2.System Shock 2 really does stand on its own as a unique adventure that throws you into the bowels of a distressed spaceship. Unlike Bioshock though, there are many more RPG elements. Your character uses cyber modules earned by completing objectives to unlock upgrades and skills. You have an inventory that can hold various different in game items. Weapons degrade over time, different armours can be equipped, and parts of enemies can be researched to find weaknesses. Also similar to Bioshock, there’s a lot of scrounging. You have to constantly look for supplies and ways to stay alive. Finding that one clip for your pistol or hiding from enemies as they search for you. Irrational games KNOW how to make tense situations and I love it.In terms of survival horror, it doesn’t get much better than this. I remember being terrified of certain parts back when I was younger, and to an extent, these parts still scare me! That feeling of dread around every corner is very common. The sound design is made so well that it enhances the atmosphere in ways I can’t easily describe. This is something that was done well in the Bioshock games too.The graphics are great too! All resolutions are supported up to 1920x1080 and many mods can be applied that further enhance textures, models, etc. You can refer to the user created Steam mod guide for ways to further enhance the experience! There’s also a co-op mode through the main story. It’s not supported officially, but can still be used by creating your own network using Hamachi or similar programs. I’ve yet to try this out for myself.At the end of the day, System Shock 2 is better than ever and I’m so pleased that one of my favourite games has finally made it to Steam. If you like sci-fi RPGs, give it a go. If you like Bioshock, you should already have played this :P"
,Recommended,238210,28432493,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Juice in the Oven,One of the best games I've ever played. We need more games like this nowadays
,Recommended,238210,9741869,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Saucy,deck 1: slow but pleasent start to the gamedeck 2: kill me this maze is so confusingdeck 3: i have been blessed by the metal mother with an amazing map and puzzelsdeck 4: im nothing but an insectdeck 5: Its getting pretty litrest of the game: why is this game amazing.
,Recommended,238210,2671613,"Posted: 16 May, 2013",all,Ch00k,✓ Runs smoothly in Windows 8/8.1 = very surprised✓ Survival of the fittest✓ First-person✓ 3 branches to train in✓ RPGScore: 7.5/10
76561197986038119,Recommended,238210,7810143,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Peazo,One of my favourite games of all time.  Buy it £1.74 on sale.
,Recommended,238210,29190465,Posted: 11 January,all,Ekse,"This was the best game out there in 1999. I actually have 200+ hours on this game, this wasn't on steam back then. I remember playing the game like 15 times over the years, and 2017 I'm playing it again, with mods. Still an awesome game, even if I remember all the doorcodes and item locations. Wish I could go back in time and play this game again in 1999 for the first time."
76561198061915109,Recommended,238210,34239457,Posted: 14 August,all,D.,Everyone has a story.
,Recommended,238210,24104763,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Slowbro,"Finally beat this game after its kicked my♥♥♥♥♥in several attempts, and I think I get what all the praise is about now.Despite the rather janky shooting the game design is actually rather timeless. It is simultaneously a great survival horror and action/rpg game. And even though the actual plot is rather hokey and pulpy sci-fi, it actually manage to still have quite a few spooks. Which is saying something because Its not very often that polygony zombie boys that go ""bleh"" are actually scary because of their ubiquity. These specfific enemies when seen up close are actually kind of funny looking too. It goes to show that making something actually genuinely terrifying in a video game is not just spooky monster design it needs to be backed up by mechanics that make you feel vulnerable, and SS2 does that flawlessly.And honestly, that janky shooting is really not that bad, because it is plugged into a rather deep roleplaying experience whereby everything you wish to do in the game requires some kind of specialization. You can't just pick up a shotgun off the floor at the begining of the game and blast all the spookmen away. You have to meet the prerequisite strength and weapon skill requirements to be able to even wield it, and then that shotgun will still not be useable because you will also need enough repair skill to get it working again, and even if you do all that you will maybe have like 2 shotgun shells and little in the ways to maintain it.It may be kind of tedious at first, but it does convey a sense of helplessness in a hostile environment when you have all these complex systems thrown at you and you are expected to fix an entire space station that is rapidly breaking down by the minute without handy waypoint markers. So, you'll also be asked to make a mental map to remember where all the resources you couldn't use and/or carry before because sometimes the game will literally block progress sometimes until you have researching level 2 plus some chemicals to understand some mcguffin needed to progress.The secret to what makes a viable character for progression is budgeting your upgrade points into a specialized build. Sure in the late game those precious upgrade points are handed out liberally, but at least it builds up to that, meaning you actually understand how awesome it is when you are running 100 miles per hour, circle straffing around enmies while shelling them with grenades, because you were such a weak helpless babby in the begining.Oh yeah, and the sound track and sound design is impeccable.Its a great game, still, even. I'd say its probably an essential game to expereince and I'm so glad someone was able to bring it back from being abandonware."
76561198306324632,Recommended,238210,24027736,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,kelleyelizabet,sometimes i don't want to play because i feel scared
,Recommended,238210,24346867,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,ничего не понимаю,"It is deservedly a classic. The atmosphere is tense, and great sound design means you are constantly on edge for what could be around the next corner. In terms of pure gameplay and resource management I truly think this game might surpass Bioshock; although the classic technology vs. environment story isn't as interesting as it's anti-objectivist spiritual-successor. One of the best experiences I had playing a game and definetly worth playing.A lot of people dislike the technomusic in this game but I kinda love it; I don't get all the hate, I mean I guess it does detrackt from the horror a tad but it's one of the few video game soundtracks that I will go back and listen to without playing the game."
76561198037476738,Recommended,238210,24354624,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Plant,An exelent game. Dated graphics but exelent atmosphere and story.
,Recommended,238210,24278373,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,モモシン,"A Cyberpunk horror classic, before you buy, please check your body well."
,Recommended,238210,24214867,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Rovaals,A real classic. I couldn't pass up the chance to get it during one of the Steam Sales when I could finally have it working again on current Windows.
76561198040954477,Recommended,238210,9709159,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Hornedmarten,Irratinall games created a masterpiece that i love its terrifying and holds up well with triple A voice acting to the super atmospheric world it is a amazing game. (2014)
,Recommended,238210,32045789,Posted: 29 May,all,Karmalicious,Masterpiece
76561197998017293,Recommended,238210,1789417,"Posted: 19 July, 2013",all,Wep0n,"the grandfather of survival horror, this game is something you really should have played just to see how such a game is properly made. most games nowadays which call themselves ""survival horror"" dont really know what the ♥♥♥♥ they are talking about.the great villain, leveldesign, sounddesign and voicework of terri and eric brosius make this game a masterpiece.not to forget the awesome way of storytelling trough the enviroment is an essential aspect of this game. most games rely on stupid cutscenes because they lack the capability of telling a good story trough a detailed enviroment."
,Recommended,238210,11404529,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Apoins,NAH/10
,Recommended,238210,25220096,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,WANG DONG,maybe
,Recommended,238210,13310093,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Bionic Bovine,"Look, There is nothing I can say that'll make you want this game anymore then you already do. If you're into this sort of thing then this game is probably already on your wishlist. If you're just curious about SS2 and have heard good things about it then all I'm going to do is tell you to ask yourself one simple question... ""HAVE YOU EVER HEARD ANYTHING BAD ABOUT SYSTEM SHOCK 2??"" If not then there is your sign."
,Recommended,238210,8131866,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,S P A C 3 D ▲ O U T,Amazing game! Play it and experience the craftmanship!
76561198068415261,Recommended,238210,10785397,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Titty Punchan!!!,"Nah, I don't wanna do a review."
,Recommended,238210,293022,"Posted: 11 May, 2013",all,Leinad Reign,"You think Bioshock is great? Pah! It is worthless compared to the ORIGINAL! A game with a complex story, good game mechanics, tension and creepy moments awaits you. And while are you running through corridors of that well-designed Spaceship, there is a smile on the face of Shodan."
,Recommended,238210,31519834,Posted: 3 May,all,Jonttunen,It's a scary space rpg
,Recommended,238210,9313724,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Barkus Aurelius,"Great game, very spooky; if you get anywhere near scared from other horror/scary titles, this game might be too much spook"
,Recommended,238210,770649,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,«(MooP)»,"Heres a link of must need HD mods for this game,http://www.reddit.com/r/gaming/comments/1e4s2v/system_shock_2_with_mods_looks_amazing_for_a_pc/"
76561198174167381,Recommended,238210,34360662,Posted: 19 August,all,thezombiergamer(zombie),pretty decent game
76561197999199323,Recommended,238210,18925006,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Strontium Dingo,"Where to begin!?!?This, in my opinion, is the greatest sci-fi game ever made. Not the biggest, nor the best, nor the one with the best graphics (the enemy models were considered poor even back when it was released, but you can update them now via a community mod).The main character (nicknamed 'Goggles' by the community, due to his eyewear) can be upgraded in many ways. There are three main areas of expertise: Weapons, Tech (hacking etc.), and Psionic (magic, basically). On top of that, you can also upgrade your personal stats, like Strength etc.Sadly, this is one of those games where there is a 'right' and 'wrong' way to level up. I will add, though, that it's hard to make your character completely useless. But not upgrading certain skills can make it VERY tough at the end of the game, similar to the Vampire: The Masquerade videogame.So why do I think it's the greatest?All the parts come together to create something greater than themselves.Because, for me personally, they've nailed the atmosphere - and nothing else gets in the way. It's that simple.For instance, Deus Ex: Human Revolution does a lot of the same stuff, gameplay wise. But I HATE the 'hacking' in that game with a wrath, which is why I will never reply it, ever. the hacking 'gets in the way'. I also can't stand the story or any of the characters.There's only a very few cutscenes - and only the intro and end cutscenes remove control from the character. The rest of the story is told along the way, and the audio logs can fill in the blanks - or be ignored. Compare that to, say, the recent Fallout entries, which remove player agency far too often for me to be able to truly enjoy them. Oh, I LOVE them, don't get me wrong. But I don't need to deal with that at all here, because it never 'gets in the way'.I can rebind keys effectively (I did not pay for a gaming mouse so that the extra buttons can be ignored, thanks), so that doesn't 'get in the way'.the music isn't overly annoying (even if it should have been replaced with mood tracks and ambient sounds), so that doesn't 'get in the way'.I don't need to install another Steam-like shopfront in order to play a game I bought on Steam (I AM LOOKING DIRECTLY AT YOU, GHOST OF GAMES FOR WINDOWS LIVE), so that doesn't 'get in the way'.I don't need to install an inventory mod, because the inventory makes sense to me and doesn't 'get in the way'.And while she's showing her age (well, the game is), SHODAN remains one of my favourite villains in any medium, ever. While her insults can be intrusive on a personal (to the character, not the player) level, they don't 'get in the way' of me enjoying the game.In fact, the only thing that really 'gets in the way' for me when I play this game is......yep, you guessed it: Real Life.I award this game 100 Cybermodules out of 10, because I hate maths."
,Recommended,238210,23736405,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,grossedout5,This game has a dubstep soundtrack........you think I wouldn't♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants while playing.10/10 Would get scared ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ while listening to dubstep again
76561198121957035,Recommended,238210,12029719,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,IamtheBrooksGuy,Eh........ get it on sale...
,Recommended,238210,10786337,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Zev,"""Nah."""
,Recommended,238210,3154321,"Posted: 17 May, 2013",all,Sappy,WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH
,Recommended,238210,5180484,"Posted: 12 September, 2013",all,Yung Vice,Protocol Droids scare the living daylights outta me. PsychoCyborg Master Race. Meat and Flesh and Spook. Etc. etc.A Pretty Big Number/10
,Recommended,238210,7933735,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,TheSupernaturalMuffin,Best ending EVER!
,Recommended,238210,13023519,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Monday,"LoOk aT yOu, HaCKeR.PAtHeTiC CReAture oF MeAt aNd BoNe...NoW, iF YoU VaLuE ThAt MeAt,YoU'lL dO As I SaY"
,Recommended,238210,8355868,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,dylan's pitty party,"Overall great game. Immersive story. It may look ugly but its worth it. And face it, even the computers at your local library could run this game. Its real fun and spo0o0o0oky at times.Plus the trading cards and backgrounds for this game are wicked sick."
76561198116788068,Recommended,238210,25413404,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,blacklight123459,Good Game
,Recommended,238210,23921741,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Nero,"""I am in control now"""
,Recommended,238210,6708182,"Posted: 29 May, 2013",all,Baltez,"Do you like the gameplay of Thief(reboot or the old ones), Deus Ex HR(or 1 for that matter), Bioshock, Dead Space or Alien Isolation?If either or all games interest you in their gameplay or story, than this game will most likely still be very engoyable to you. The only downside is the old graphical engine and its aged look. Nonetheless the atmosphere still holds up!A very well written story and thought-out game-mechanics to enjoy it with. The graphics are rather old and clumpy but they suffice to keep the atmosphere and even  frighten you some times because the sound is still top and keeps it thrilling until the end. But be warned if you play with a high resolution youwill need a big monitor. the menus doesn't scale very well.Try it, if you long for an entertaining scifi-story in an action/stealth-packed environment."
,Recommended,238210,9422740,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Tails' Cash Explosion,"I don't know, people said it was the best game ever.  There were space monkeys and my co-op partners kept slithering around like snakes, it was pretty weird.  But I didn't hate it?"
,Recommended,238210,28692662,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Chris the crispy cunt,Gud game very classic.
,Recommended,238210,23457177,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,ColdCarnage,"Great game, reminds me of Bioshock"
76561198048379877,Recommended,238210,33861118,Posted: 28 July,all,Eis,"amazing gameplay, story is nah"
,Recommended,238210,23545563,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Ingenium,"2016 review on a game that I've never played, however, have heard about for years and years as the #BESTTHINGOEVEROMGPLAYITNOWOMFGThat said, it's aged well with a great modding scene, however, the game 100% hurts from the design aspect. Played for a few hours, levels are interesting enough, on normal mode, the game is beyond tough and thus the positive review and recommendation. Deleted it after running into the first robot, dying time after time for several minutes and giving up on that area all together.Great game if you like a challenge!!!"
,Recommended,238210,22755334,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Raklödder,My favorite game of all time.
,Recommended,238210,1322303,"Posted: 24 August, 2013",all,Hipcola,http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H2uHBhKTSe0
,Recommended,238210,16539266,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,SMC,Thumbs up
,Recommended,238210,271524,"Posted: 10 May, 2013",all,Grim_2o0o,Nah.
,Recommended,238210,23978329,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Yablko,A good video game.
,Recommended,238210,12976820,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,tony smart,Dad will KILL Rick!
76561198000251811,Recommended,238210,29841059,Posted: 10 February,all,kola12345,Best game ever
76561198022751934,Not Recommended,238210,29289627,Posted: 15 January,all,Manabender,"EDIT: After mulling on it for a while, and doing a bit more research, I think I've managed to pinpoint why I didn't enjoy this game.At the risk of sounding like a casual or a scrub,It's just too damn hard.Apparently, eveneasydifficulty is fairly difficult, and I had the guts to start on hard. As a general rule, whenever a game offers me three or more difficulty options, I go for second-highest option, because sometimes games will reserve the hardest option for people that have abandoned the concept of fun and seek only to prove that they are the very best.By the time I realized I was in way over my head, I was four hours in, and restarting at that point just didn't appeal to me. Why restart when all I had to do was lower the difficulty?Because character builds. Doing nearly anything in this game requires some amount of investment in the form of stat points, which the game hands out very slowly. And apparently, at some point, you absolutelymusthave some points in a couple key skills, or the game is unwinnable.I think the reason I complained about infinite respawns vs finite resources is because I had a bunch of resources I couldn't even use. By the time I quit, I had something like seventy pistol rounds, but because I couldn't use a pistol, they may as well have been paperweights.And to be fair, I believe there are infinite resources as well. Each of the infinite respawns can drop resources, it's just that you have to kill them without spending more than you get, which essentially means you have to clobber them with a wrench a few times without taking any hits. Given the clunky feel of the wrench (and, when it comes to monkeys, the questionable accuracy/hitbox), that just doesn't appeal to me.Original, unedited review below.After seeingnumeroussources recommend this game to me, I decided I'd give it a try. I mean, I liked Bioshock, and this is practically its daddy.Whatever all you people see in it, it's obscured by oneglaringsystemic issue.There areinfinitely respawning enemiesin a game wheremanaging limited resourcesis a primary challenge.Infinitely respawning enemies is a bad idea most of the time, but when every single one of them almost invariably chips away at your ammo count, stack of health stims, or psi points, it starts to feel like the game is punishing you for exploring. This runs in direct contradiction to the game's semi-open-ended nature.It results in a game where you quicksave after every victory, and then quickload if your next enemy encounter goes poorly. Sometimes you quickload the same quicksave several times. That isn't fun. That's tedium. That's bad design."
,Recommended,238210,29366634,Posted: 19 January,all,M-E-E-S-E,I got killed by a monkey with a laser.10/10 would be scared by monkeys again
,Recommended,238210,8033723,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,brouzouf ain't free,cool
,Recommended,238210,15291540,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Hiduminium,"I launched the game and started moving. I then noticed that the controls were really crappy. After that I closed the game and never played it again.""one of the best games I've ever played""-Just Adventure10/42"
,Recommended,238210,31581776,Posted: 6 May,all,Bitterblut,"Одна из самых лучших игр в истории человечества. Хардкорная, запутанная с невероятно крутым сюжетом. Игрокам нового поколения этого не понять никогда. Игра в которой есть ДУША! РПГ система тут очень продвинута, хочешь будь инженером и хакай все что движется и нет, хочешь будь пехотинцем и выноси все из штурмовухи, хочешь будь магом раскидывая все ПСИ энергией. Но вкачать все и сразу не получится при желании. Так что школьники которые хотят поиграть в аналог думчика сразу пролетают, оно и хорошо. Карты тут очень сложные и исследование уровней занимает часа по 2. Монстры респаунятся (есть сюжетное объяснение), патронов не хватает, нанитов (местных денег) тоже, кибермодули (очки прокачки) выдают редко и тоже мало, камеры поднимают тревогу и чего только тут нет.А главное, вы один, сосвсем один, единственный ваш компаньон в борьбе с Многими (огромная биомасса в виде паразитов с общим сознанием) сумашедший AI по имени S.H.O.D.A.N.Пройдите и сами узнаете какой ужас произошел на борту корабля Фон Браун!Должна быть в библиотеке любого уважающего себя геймера.Ну и да, хоррор тут реально криповый при вполне освещенных коридорах. Никакие гoвнооутласты не сравнятся с System Shock 2!10/10"
76561198029138085,Recommended,238210,8825521,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,pls no flame :),"Fun, Except I have one complaint.I have a friend named Ryan Standley and he is a selfish prick because there is 4 Player MultiplayerPlease fix this by making it 3 or 2AKA Ryan Standley is a big selfish prickand to all of my friends such as Tyler and Wagner that are reading this you know what I mean.and by that I mean Ryan Standley is a selfish prick.Did I mention he is a Selfish Prick.P.S Ryan Standley is a prick"
,Recommended,238210,8497862,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Paul Atreides,"If you want to♥♥♥♥♥♥you pants, and not have the ability to strafe. This game is for you."
,Recommended,238210,22818081,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Cleverlegs,Nah
76561198022920296,Recommended,238210,13325817,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Actrazor,"If you never played System Shock 2, then either you never knew about it, or your just stupid. and if you still dont want to play it, then your still stupid. Easily one of the greatest games ever made, still a amazing game even by today's standards, download a texture pack to clean up the graphics a little if your concerned about it's dated look.This game is better than any COD game, even puts to shame it's own succesor series ""Bioshock"".Be smart and play it NOW!, Stupid!."
,Recommended,238210,33016235,Posted: 29 June,all,More Like Roemmato,"This is what Prey (2017) wanted to be, but it failed horrifically."
,Recommended,238210,13270174,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Revolver Lanky Kong,Better than sex.
76561198213532837,Recommended,238210,25608604,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,yawa ka wang,I can see why they call this game the best in it's genre. It has great atmosphere and great graphics even by todays standards and some of the best soundtracks I've ever heard in any game Also the villian of this game scares the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me 9/10  Amazing
76561198192036861,Recommended,238210,24674673,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Etu Brutay,─────────███────────█───█────────█───██───────█─────█───███████████───────█─────█─██───────────████───────█─────██─────────────────██───────█─────█───────────────────██───────██───██────────────────────███──────██─────█──────────────────────██───█████████████────────────────────██──███──────────████───────███────────██─██────────────████───────███─────────█─██────██████████─────────────────────█─██─────────────██─────────────██─────███──────────────██─────────────██─────█─██─────█████████──────────────██─────█─██────────────██─────────────██─────██─██────────────███───────────██─────██─███────███████████───────███──────██──██──────────██───███████────────██──██──────────██────────────────███───████████████───────────────███───────────────███████████████
76561198005562955,Not Recommended,238210,27971460,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Virg0,Do not buy this for linux or Steam OS.It uses wine to run windows version and fails. I find this insulting.
,Recommended,238210,31008530,Posted: 7 April,all,Slatanic2142,"""NAH"" 10/10"
,Recommended,238210,439625,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,Gus the Crocodile,"It's 2013, so I probably don't have to write this since people have had over ten years to find out, but:Best game."
,Recommended,238210,29328186,Posted: 17 January,all,△ Gucci △,Don't want to get invested into it so here's a review
76561198042913113,Recommended,238210,4889255,"Posted: 10 May, 2013",all,caidicus,One of my favourite games of all time.
,Recommended,238210,7811758,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Kane2k (fin),+1
76561198023300547,Recommended,238210,19514266,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,eslibi mi zanli mib tebya pymali,"rice, riseand shine mistor freeamman, citodel is a life aliwe, esli kto ne ponyal otsilku, tot 4mo i bidlo10/10"
76561198031428750,Not Recommended,238210,18560912,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Has-Many-Nukes,"If you didn't play System Shock 2 when it was released, then avoid it. Just replay Half-life again."
,Recommended,238210,24569756,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,cool shooting,fun to cheat in
76561198033932127,Recommended,238210,13277183,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Jeffery Donahue,My system was Shocked.
,Recommended,238210,33159886,Posted: 2 July,all,GIGA,Bioshock but good.
,Recommended,238210,16284229,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Apostle The Fraud,"On June 6, 1969 a man known only as Apostle died in his sleep at Childress Medical Hospital. The only thing he had on him were his clothes and clenched in his hand, a note. It read as followed.""Forgive me for the man I have become and not the man that you have raised me to be. Forgive me of the sins that eat away at my heart, and forgive the people who took this body and desecrated it to fulfill their own ideals. Tell my mother I love here, and tell my grandmother I'm coming to see her.""This man known as Apostle died with a smile on his face. May the father forgive and may he rest in peace."
,Not Recommended,238210,20677486,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,UltraMan✫,"I really don't know how to rate this game.I can see why it got so much praise back in the day because in many ways this game IS enjoyable even today and one thing I appreciated was how much it make you THINK.The menus/interface, while convoluted by today's standards(and extremely hard to read on higher resolutions) are still manageable and serve their purpose on a satisfactory level.The visuals look like pure♥♥♥♥♥♥cakes but with NeutralX2's Mod Pack this game gets a pretty nice face lift and in comparison to the not so well aged Deus Ex, it runs beautifully at 60FPS.The soundtrack is pure 90's techno bliss and deserves an award by itself.The atmosphere is killer and in comparison to it's successors(Bioshock) it gives you a much stronger sense of danger through that same atmosphere.The story is cool(though nothing new per se if you've already played the first Bioshock) and it's all very immersive.The problem with System Shock 2 like in it's weapon systems, overly complex RPG elements and its GOD AWFUL wrench combat.In Bioshock it's not always a big deal to be left with only your wrench to use. In System Shock 2 it's a much different story. The attack animation is ridiculously dated and there isn't even a mod to improve it.This wouldn't be so bad if it weren't for the aforementioned problems with the weapons and RPG elements were better.Ammo is way too scarce and powerful weapons like the shotgun and grenade launcher for example require you to level up certain skills before you can even use them even after you've found them. So, for a nice few hours of backtracking and getting enough cyber modules just to use ONE WEAPON(that still may only last you for so long due to scarce ammo), you'll be using the wrench.It's a grind fest on the level of unbearable sometimes and God forbid you set of an alarm. You'll be battling hoards and hoards of zombies like enemies until the alarm passes and it's always THE SAME DAMN ZOMBIE. At best he may have a shotgun some times to ""mix it up"" and there's also the occasional gun turret and kamikaze robot. -_-You will be using the wrench A LOT unless you already know ahead of time to enlist with the OSA and build your psi powers more than everything else. Do NOT pick the Marines if you decide to play it anyway because as I said before you will be screwed and doomed to wasting more hours to make progress than what should be necessary.This game was made more for PSI players than anything which sucks because I'm the type that uses PSI powers as SUPPORT for things like firearm combat. Not the other way around.I would have likely enjoyed this game more with a few minor things improved and again I can see why people loved it so much in 1999 but let's be real here...It's not 1999 anymore.I'm overjoyed to know the IP has been picked up and we can expect some new System Shock games for THIS generation but System Shock 2 in this state is not one I can recommend to anyone unless they just like wasting their own time.Wait for System Shock 3 and the remake for this one and the first and if you have yet to play Bioshock play those instead."
,Not Recommended,238210,13556293,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Klonoa,"Do not buy for the multiplayer. Do not buy if your english is weak.Terrible sync in the game itself buggy as hell. Do not even try to use Tunngle or anyother network software, still buggy.Sometimes it throws splash error exiting game. Other times my friend gets invisible and some zombies get stuck and freeze. Very dissappointed of this buy.No subtitles, tutorials are only teached by robot voices, everything very confusing, controls weird, etc.Overall i give this 1/10.Waste of money."
76561198032619804,Not Recommended,238210,34198565,Posted: 12 August,all,Registry Editor,Does NOT run in Ubuntu 17.04.Page-faults when run with wine.
76561197977987053,Not Recommended,238210,22730060,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,BulletSponge,"I got interested in SS2 because I am a big fan of the original Deus Ex and have played through that several times.  This is no Deus Ex.  DX has stealth, conversations, and an engaging story.  SS2 seems to be an old-fashioned shooter that may have story elements to it, but I don't have enough peace from being attacked to listen to any of the logs and understand it.  About the only similarities I see to DX are the graphics and the fact that they both start out relatively hard -- but SS2 is MUCH more difficult to start than DX.  I started at ""normal"" but immediately had to reduce to the ""easy"" mode and I still die over and over.  The narrator says things, but I have no idea what she's talking about.  ""Go to Storage Room Blah-Blah and get a Something-or-Other.""  The storage room isn't marked well on the map, which requires you to tab out to see and then needs a magnifying glass to read it.  If you can see what you want, it's at the far side of a maze and you can't find your way there without constantly re-opening the entire map -- which is usually when you get attacked, so you might as well just roam around and hope you come to the right spot.You can easily understand the advances in gaming since this game was high tech.  There is no tutorial; the map is poorly designed; every alarm you set off brings fresh hordes of attackers; when your inventory is full and you pick up something, the game drops something else for you, which you may not notice; and items on the floor may disappear without notice.  Another thing I've noticed is that the guides for this game are written by experts who assume more knowledge than I have.One thing I'm not complaining about are the graphics or the sound; there are enough mods out there that these are not a problem for me.  Just the gameplay.  I've had numerous restarts and spent a couple of hours roaming around and trying to figure things out, and it's just not fun, so I'm giving up on it.  Thankfully it was cheap so no great loss there."
,Recommended,238210,13872958,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Grenadeh,"If you've played BioShock and don't at least want to try Shock 2, well, slap yourself.System Shock 2 is one of the most influential games of all times, yadda yadda, masterpiece, yadda  yadda. Long story short this is where BioShock came from. You can trace it back to System Shock, but System shock even in comparison to 2 is a primitive, vastly inferior game.Essentially SS2 plays out very similarly to BioShock games. You're a dude, thrust into a situation - although System Shock 2 being far heavier on the RPG elements actually gives you a training course and an entire section during which you create your character and choose their path - and things spiral out of control as you, the player, move the story forward and realize you're nothing but a pawn. Setting those nuances aside, SS2 is still very much an FPS first and an RPG second. You will be killing a lot of things, with a lot of different weapons, and a lot of them will probably break too, not to mention be beyond your ability to mod or repair for a significant portion of the game. Fortunately for you, if you're terrible at aiming, the hit boxes for enemies are very large, considering the game is from 1999.And yes, you'll probably get killed by a monkey, and turrets, and radiation.Many sources will tell you SS2 was a landmark for storytelling and player driven narrative (though HL1 is probably more so) but SS2 basically took the concept of finding plot bits in written form - like in Resident Evil - and converting them to audio. It gives life to the characters, and adds a new layer of immersion when you unravel a story as if you are actually listening to the audio logs or reports or whatever left by these people. Just like BioShock 1, 2, 3, and Dead Space 1, 2, and 3. Other than that, SS2 is definitely one of the first games that screwed with you - a lot.You can easily get this game for 1 dollar on Steam and pretty much anywhere else, when the sales are right, and after you do that, there are a wealth of well preserved mods on the internet to try and update the 16 year old graphics to something slightly more pleasant on the eyes. Unfortunately there is no complete remake, and likely never will be, but if you're going to take the leap, you may as well play the original anyway."
76561198101250762,Not Recommended,238210,28279578,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Conga,"Im not going to lie, this game is really fun but as soon as i put it in full resolution all i can do is look around."
76561197983545926,Not Recommended,238210,25018759,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,FudoAkira,"Opening note: you don't log Steam time when you put all the patches and mods on due to the executable being different. My play time is not 6 minutes, but rather more like 5-6 hours.This is the second major release that I've played from Looking Glass Studios and I don't get the appeal of these games. They were good 'ideas games,' as obviously games that have used their mechanics like Deus Ex and Splinter Cell were top notch. But I never played these growing up, so I don't have nostalgia glasses on like many people. I gave this game a third try recently with all of the new mods to make sure it ran well on modern hardware and looked prettier. I still didn't care for it.What starts out as an interesting 'choose your own adventure' premise, with you customizing your starting skills, quickly leads to a disaster of trying to accomplish anything. The story is...kind of non-existant in the first 2-3 hours - find a scientist who can help you figure out what's wrong with the ship you're on. While you are jumping through crytpic hoops to get to the next objective, you can find a bevy of really boring enemies with awful AI. God help you if you happen to be listening to a recording on your UMD, find a ghost, and then hit a story event all at once - ALL OF THEM START READING AT ONCE. And then you might find yourself getting sneaked up on by an enemy because you can't hear them over all of the narration going at once.Much like Thief, I appreciate what this game was shooting for, but it's not really very good or attention holding after the first few hours to me. People had often said if I was disappointed with Bioshock that this was the game to get due to how much better it was. I can now see why I didn't like Bioshock; because it was based on a cool idea that had minimal underlying substance to it."
,Recommended,238210,9171327,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Hinsonator,"I highly reccomend getting this game.This is a game that is worthy of the title PC game, it has been optemized for PCs that run Windows 7 and CPUs with more than one core.While the graphics don't look like much mods can fix it since back then mods were a big thing like PC gaming at the time (not that PC isn't big now but there aren't as many devs smart enough to realize it).The guy you play as 1-hands every gun even weapons that are normally 2-handed like rifles and shotguns, now if that isn't badass i don't know what is.This version doesn't have the 4-player co-op that the patched CD version did but again mods can fix it, i think the same mods that improve the graphics.If you haven't played this game at one point and said it's not good you're not a PC gamer so, you know, BUY THIS GAME."
,Not Recommended,238210,24720327,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,wumpshire,"Game is broken on OSX 10.11.4, it boots then crashes before it even goes to the game screen. It worked on a previous version...update please!"
76561198045080156,Not Recommended,238210,22249599,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,4𝖙𝖍 𝕽𝖊𝖎𝖈𝖍,THIS GAME RUNS LIKE ♥♥♥♥ING FAT♥♥♥♥♥♥ON LINUX.
,Not Recommended,238210,35203872,Posted: 25 September,all,Skynet100,I liked System Shock 2 in the good old days but was glad when it received a Linux-port however when the company released it they did a bad port and used the Wine software to run it on Linux.I'll never use Wine on Linux on the principle that the developers last time I posted a help request on its forums were rude and aggressive to me thus they lost me permanently.The other reason for giving this game thumbs down is that because of Wine being used the game goes off-screen and then messes up the main desktop with no other way to restore the desktop other than a major restart of the operating system. Shame!I would prefer the company to remove the Linux version and start from scratch again and port it properly so that it won't have any bugs like I've experienced but they won't so I'm giving this a thumbs down since its only playable on Windows & Mac and NOT on Linux.
76561198039357143,Not Recommended,238210,22683023,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,ItalianNacho,"I cannot believe this game would eventually give us the excellent, nearly flawless Bioshock and it's sequels.  I've tried to get used to the unfair, pointlessly difficult AI that you can't hear until you're dead, the turrets that kill you in one shot and basically prevent you from continuing through the game, and the amount of ambiguity of what you're supposed to do and where you're supposed to go also doesn't help.  Do not go into this expecting a Bioshock game.  I figured I loved the Bioshock series so much I'd give this a shot; I did and I'm sorely disappointed by the results.  I'll wait for SS3 to come out or the HD remaster to drop with improved mechanics and gameplay.  I'm aware the game came out in 1999, so age is sort of working against it, but when your game is being praised as one of the best of its genre, I did expect more.  With that said, I sadly cannot recommend this to anyone who wishes to have any kind of fun playing games."
76561198019073132,Not Recommended,238210,24475742,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,MayfairLazaruz,"Yes, the game has an incredible atmosphere.Yes it has one of the most memorable ... ""Villains"".Yes you can mod it to make it look half-decent.Yes, you feel like you are really trapped on the Von Braun!But the leveldesign is so horrible!Everything is made supposedly ""realistic"" with maze-like enviroments,cargo-halls (oh this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Cargo Bay! This ♥♥♥♥ing, annoying Cargo Bay!) , crew-quarters and multiple levels of backtracking.As a Doom-Player I know corridors. I know claustrophobic mazes.And I know that you need to be a very good level-designer to make the gameplay flow,to keep you going even when you get lost occasionally.But System Shock 2 doesn't put you into a GAME-enviroment.It just stuffs you into a huge♥♥♥♥♥labyrinth of samey looking corridors and elevatorsand says ""♥♥♥♥ you! Here is a unreadable map Now admire our blueprints! ♥♥♥♥ you, good night!"""
76561197963414540,Not Recommended,238210,9834624,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,ExploitedPixels,"Buy the game on GOG. The Steam version requires too much tweaking. The GOG version just works.BTW: If your wondering or have been living under a rock, this is a quintessential FPS/horror game."
,Not Recommended,238210,28137025,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Denton,Classic.
,Recommended,238210,10883096,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,siegeh25,"A very deep RPG system, great soundtrack, amazing atmosphere and a 10/10 story. This is what Irrational Games made in their prime years, a gem to PC gaming. Also i recommend to avoid viewing the negative reviews since most comments are about people who don't know what the ♥♥♥♥ they're talking about (like controls suck when they refuse to actually change it and such)"
,Not Recommended,238210,22195615,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Maewynne,"I wanted to like this game but it just doesn't pass the test of time.The controls are clunky, the game is buggy, and sometimes you have to button mash to get unstuck from the weirdest places."
,Not Recommended,238210,22574162,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Nobod_E,"This game is supposed to have an amazing story. I wouldnt know, the game is too janky to make any progress"
76561198169577791,Not Recommended,238210,23987036,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,ACD239,I so wanted to like this. Took ages to set up having to download fixes etc. I was in a constant state of being lost and confused as to what I had to do. My save file disappeared.
76561197992835276,Not Recommended,238210,29428020,Posted: 22 January,all,HAL,Uma bosta de jogo.
76561197997829089,Not Recommended,238210,21565543,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Tinky,It has not aged well. It needs an enhanced edition to improve the overall clunkiness of the game.
,Not Recommended,238210,21132357,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Blade,"everyone tells me this is one of the greatest games ever.  In reality, It's got more controls than a 747, and it's just a mish-mash of crap piled on top of more crap."
,Not Recommended,238210,21776378,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,WHO'S WHO,poo
,Not Recommended,238210,20550464,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Tillburg,"+ atmosphere+ story is very intriguing+ great mix of variety in upgrades- controls are abysmal. I wanted to play this outside of finding mods that might fix this, but as is it's just so unenjoyable. ""W"" moves forward, ""A"" turns your camera to the left, ""D"" turns your camera to the right, and ""S"" toggles crouch. Peeking around corners is just undoable as you might as well be a backing up truck trying to get back behind cover. Also this makes combat way more difficult than it needs to be. This is my main gripe with the game, so if you can find a way around that you'd probably enjoy it- I'm increasingly surprised at how difficult the combat is. There's no nice ramp up or settling valley with difficulty, it's just ""did you get there first and swing your wrench? no? alright you're probably dead"".I can understand why this game has influenced as much as it has. There's a lot to like here, but the base controls and difficulty work so much against what it tries to build."
,Not Recommended,238210,10729192,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,PURPLOYD,"Getting into this game now, after all these years... was a no go.I tried, I really tried since I've read so many good reviews about it and many people calling it the origin of Bioshock and due to the love I have for that game I just HAD to give it a shot. But I just couldn't. The game feels incredibly aged, clunky and unintuitive. I think this is one of those games that if you hadn't played it at the time it was new, gotten into it then you won't get it cause now it has aged poorly.Gave it a shot, didn't enjoy it at all. Don't think it has aged well."
76561197994897424,Not Recommended,238210,19860053,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,The Church of Flarisu,"Does not pass the test of time.What would be a cult classic - simply doesn't have the lasting appeal and gameplay that Deus Ex can pull out of its♥♥♥♥♥Even though Deus Ex is a bad game by today's standards, it's enjoyable enough and playable enough today.This is, not only a bad game by today's standards, but the barriers it broke through when first played decades ago have been broken so many times by modern games, you'll be numbed to it, and this game will seem like garbage to you."
,Not Recommended,238210,20491341,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,happycarrot50,"I thought this game would be amazing, it ended up boring, difficult and just not fun.5/15 - ""Not very fun"""
,Not Recommended,238210,33789945,Posted: 25 July,all,Logon,"Hard, very hard. Confusing, and if you are a graphics junky then this game will look terrible to you. Maybe I did something wrong, but like I quit the game because after ONE HOUR of searching, I just couldn't find where the hell I was supposed to go. Anyways, maybe you would like this game, but I personally don't."
,Not Recommended,238210,21867831,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Peepeehole,"I tried very hard to like this game. After 3 hours, I just gave up on it. I know what people say about how great this game was and how important it was in the evolution of game development. The truth is though, this game is broken. They tried to do something different. It failed. Sorry but this isn't a great game - not even a good one. How can a game be good when it is too broken to play? I can see what they attempted to do, and I can see why it was important to the progression of game development. However, I can't see how this is enjoyable to play.EDIT: To elaborate, I say the game is broken not because of some technical issues. It is broken because of the difficulty combined with cryptic class and upgrade mechanics."
76561198110584690,Not Recommended,238210,22854191,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Kitt Fox,"Its not bad at all, ill start a new game, save, quit and then forget about it, just cant get into it"
76561197999009549,Not Recommended,238210,24310175,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Apel,This game is one of those games that you'll only play if you've played it when you were a kid and thought it was good. But now that you've taken off those rose colored glasses and you see it for what it really is. You'll understand that this game may have the hints of a decent game but they've failed on every front to deliver what any dime a dozen AAA game that comes out now can deliver on. The only reason to play this game is to sit down with it and realize that we've come so far and to promptly turn off the game and go play something else.
,Not Recommended,238210,13948253,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,FPSLover789,"Wanted to experience a classic that I have not experienced before. I kept waiting and waiting for this game to grab me, and it never did. It could be the difficulty and sense of wandering around that was common in games back then, which I was not used to. Regardless, this was not a game for me. I said that I would not recommend this game, but if this is your thing and you know the type of game you are in for, my advice is to go for it. But I would nor recommend it to an average every-day gamer."
,Not Recommended,238210,25532136,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Autismo Maximus,I thought it was gonna be a spooky 90s game till I got killed by a mankey 0/10
76561198157201361,Not Recommended,238210,20904685,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Mineswee,"I have found I just don't enjoy games that are too overly complicated where you have to invest heavily into learning every little thing in order to have an idea of whats going onis it made well...... yes for its agedoes that mean that I like the gameplay..... no I don't like it, it wasn't terrible it just really shows its age compared to todays gamesif you like games like bioshock or kind of like a more scary starwars old republic this might be a game for you"
,Not Recommended,238210,32668219,Posted: 22 June,all,GRIN,the colors and textures are broken
76561198007408164,Not Recommended,238210,34710415,Posted: 3 September,all,parrotd0x,"Some game classics are still superior to modern aaa titles, true. System shock 2 is a highly praised title as well, having the popular Bioshock series assumed as its offspring. I truly enjoyed some elements of SS2: atmosphere, story premise, skill system... but that's it. The game actually wants the player to hate it: aiming lacks, controls are terrible, enemies spawning out of nowhere, inventory is clunky, overall using of hacking/skills/etc. is horribly unconvenient. Plus minor things like graphics and the amount of other adjustable settings.Overall: Not a bad game, but nothing to hug the past for. Don't touch it unless you really enjoy hopelessly outdated games."
,Not Recommended,238210,766246,"Posted: 5 August, 2013",all,Der Ungrund,"One of those classics that hasn't aged well at all.  As demonstrated in the Thief games, the dark engine can pull off stealth beautifully, however it falters when it comes to straight up combat (it's floaty, awkward, and really doesn't work as an FPS engine).  Thief 2 wisely avoided combat entirely for this reason, but unfortunately too much of ""System Shock 2"" is just straight up combat. The early portions of the game when you are just getting your bearings and exploring the ship level by level are entertaining enough, but as the game progresses it turns into a much more tedious corridor shooter.  Ammo is scarce, enemies are repetitive and, even worse, they repeatedly respawn. Like Thief, the levels are massive and thus easy to get lost in, but unlike Thief they are not all that varied or well designed.  And as the game progresses too much of your time is spent back tracking over areas you've already covered on tedious object hunts which usually don't amount to much more than cleverly disguised ""find the red, blue, green, etc, etc keys to advance"" style of game play that used to be 1990s FPS' stock and trade.There are some brilliant ideas here (it has tons of atmosphere, the scarcity of ammo really creates a palpable sense of desperation and fear at times, and Shodan is one of the most memorable and influential video game villains ever for reasons that would probably be too spoilery to go into), but for all its innovation and clever ideas unfortunately the core game play just isn't that fun."
,Not Recommended,238210,18982169,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,RindahmaN,"I have try to pick up some classic game to play , I got this one.And after I try to play this for 2 hr.  I feel don't want to play any more. Why?- First start will be only melee weapon with a very slow movement attack .It's hard to hit the zombie.- Point for upgrading any equipment is hard to collect.- I'm not patient enough."
76561198108031310,Not Recommended,238210,26429990,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Captain Cuddles,"As a fan of Bioshock, I mean a huge fan, I heard lots of good things about this one. I played it, and gave it a chance, but I just couldnt do it. Maybe its the dated graphics, and lack of nostalgia, but I kept feeling myself wanting to play Bioshock. If youre a fan, hey, good. I hope you find enjoyment from it, but as for me, I did not, thus, I cannot recommend."
,Not Recommended,238210,10881183,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,osp,"I really don't understand...I downloaded this game from somewhere many years ago with enhanced textures, resolution modes, mesh models etc. and install and run it with wine without any problems - still have it even now (running on native res: 1650x1080).I buy it in here just to have it in collection and wine setup done by steam is so terrible, that it just messed up my desktop (changed resolution and moved screen out of monitor), that I was forced to kill all wine related crap and restart X server...Real shame, two steam disappointments in one dayP.S. Maybe need just some tweak..I don't care I already have working and better version without any effort from my part..."
,Not Recommended,238210,15019948,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,El_Desenladrillador,"No doubt, this game was really outstanding at the time of it's initial release, but if you try playing it nowadays for the first time, you won't be amazed, or scared, or shocked, or whatever. It just doesn't work very well without nostalgia, I know, I've tried."
,Not Recommended,238210,15922342,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,MPO,"I'm sorry, this is really hard to get into.  The training areas were a good idea, but the overload of tutorial information is really killing the pacing.  I didn't want to read an instruction manual in the middle of an emergency.  The old UI style is also clunky and complicated.I recommend you watch a Let's Play instead; this is better as a movie."
76561198155691371,Not Recommended,238210,13480271,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,bared60,Would not work on my linux Ubuntu system. Why would steam sell something that does not workI would not buy this untill it is in a working condition !!!!Update:It is working now after making changes in the config file....Thanks for the port !
76561198049689227,Not Recommended,238210,11880797,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Sir Lord McSassyPants,"Now, it isn't often that I found a game difficult to play but this might be because I'm jumping from newer games to a retro game.System Shock 2 was fun at first, but it got old quickly. Now, this is by no means a bad game- there is a ton of story to unravel and there is a wide variety of playing style. Now, since I have the binary ""Yes or no"" options, I'm going to have to say ""no"" to if I would recommend it or not for these reasons (These are why I personally cannot recommend it I should say):1- The graphics, although great for their time, are dated and are hard to follow2- The game requires a great deal of focus and attention to get the most out of it3- Things aren't really explained, security cameras are bad apparently and it's not discussed why that is until its too late4- Weapons degrade with use and repairing them is costly, this might be the ""survival horror"" aspect, but the game feels more like a ""stealth shooter"" than a horror game.I wasn't able to play the game as much as I wish I could. I ended up restarting my game multiple times trying to figure out what play style worked for me and really didn't find anything that suited me. Don't let my review stop you from trying it for yourself, but just be prepared that this is an older game and one of the origional ""immersive horror"" games... it would be like playing the origional Resident Evil game after having played Resident Evil 6- It just has a completely different feel that stands solely on the nastolgia factor."
76561198113204549,Recommended,238210,29635775,Posted: 1 February,all,.Chronic.Depression.,its too hard
,Not Recommended,238210,16149267,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Medic Snake,"I could only manage to finish the tutorial, then kept dying during the first level becaue I kept messing up the controls even after reconfiguring. The Cyber Interface mechanic would probably be considered balderdash in modern games. But I wish I had the manual for this game to keep playing it.10/10 should have bought from GOG instead1/10 unspeakably difficult controls (how did anyone even manage to play this back in 1999)"
,Not Recommended,238210,16459073,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Tony,"As much as i liked the game in the 25 minutes I played, I thought the story was based around fighting an evil AI. The controls are way too hard for me to get used to. Don't recommend for those who like Half-Life like controls"
76561198045155327,Not Recommended,238210,17572677,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Mangled Flesh Addict,"Many people praised this game so i got it for the cheap cheap however when i played it i didnt like it at all. This is because the combat sucked the rpg elements sucked and the level design was♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ as well,the only good thing i liked about it was the atmosphere but even that wasnt really that good."
,Not Recommended,238210,35363926,Posted: 30 September,all,✪ wormo,"Not what I was expecting. Very slow and not difficult mechanically, just difficult in what the game gives you to work with. Maybe just watch a video of it to get the idea instead. Wasn't very fun for me, then again I like fast/skill based games."
76561198062070065,Not Recommended,238210,13598941,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Avariser,"The game is too old for my taste, the game mechanics and graphics feels very old and the game just failed to get me interested."
,Not Recommended,238210,11193322,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,SamJa,"I picked this game up becase it is apparently a staple of gaming history, and everyone seems to love it. But when I play it, all I see is a ridiculously complicated upgrade that seem that requires you to be able to see into the future to know what the 20 or so different stats do and why they are useful, and then running through metal corridors pressing buttons and beating alien zombies with a wrench because shooting them with a shotgun is about as effective as tickling them."
76561197967776024,Not Recommended,238210,13343937,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,acornco,"its a straight up first person action game with damage values based on player statistics.then and now, few games are as detailed and lovingly crafted as system shock 2.but i still just rebought this for a dollar to complain how shallow its overall scope is. choose your weapon, go. slay.if your feeling 3d retro and you like dungeon crawling murderfests, this is your ticket.forevery one else; avoid."
,Not Recommended,238210,14891210,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Nergal,aged poorly
,Not Recommended,238210,24748997,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,VenomCLC,...omg I don't understand how people find this scary......or entertaining...I have reviewed games that are from genres I don't even like that much and gave them a good review because they just...played well and were well executed.....but this...I just don't get it...
,Not Recommended,238210,19369972,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Donald Trump,"After playing this game, I realized how good Half-Life was at the time."
,Not Recommended,238210,10741495,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Kenny610610,Trying to play multiplayer with my friends is a nightmare with this game. Glitch ever few seconds. It takes an hour for all of us to even get into a game that works. It seems fun but it isn't working the way we expected. :(
76561197973204281,Not Recommended,238210,13290714,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,chris,"This is the first time I've felt moved to review a game on Steam.  I'm a huge gamer - and I especially love old PC games, challenging games, obtuse games.  But I just can't quite dig System Shock 2.  I tried a playthough doing the PSI route, and it was so insanely hard that I thought I was missing something, or not understanding the rules of the game.  I tried again going the Military route, which was much better, but after a few hours of gameplay I think I've had enough.I love challenging gameplay - I'm a decent gamer.  But there are design issues as far as I'm concerned.  You can save/load anytime you like - but the game is so brutally unforgiving (there are many times you literally can't do anything about just constantly losing health, from radioation or toxins, etc) that it becomes a ""save, load, save, load"" kind of experience.  You can use anti-toxin hypos, but because of the design, its almost better just to reload and try again, because hypos are so ridiculusly rare.  There are places you can regenerate in the game, which seem redundant with the save/load always available.  I invest in maintenence, but there are no repair tools.... like, for HOURS of gameplay.  I invest in repair, but I'm not even sure how I'm supposed to repair things.  I invest in energy weapons, but after so many saves and loads I seem to have left an energy weapon somewhere, so that's out, as I won't see another one for another hour probably.  It's one nonstop annoyance after another, this game, as far as gameplay mechanics.The atmosphere is great, sure.... the story and audio logs are amazing.  I can't think of any other game I was more excited to actually listen to the audio logs you find throughout the world.  The creepy factor is superb. I love the arcade, old-school style challenge.  But the whole ability to save/load at any time sort of undermines the experience.... it's almost just as good to use your wrench and just keep doing save/loads until you get lucky and get through a series of hallways.  I invested in research, and the chemicals I needed were in a DIFFERENT chemical storage room, far away.  Really?  How many dang chemicals are in this game?  Sheesh.  Is it worth it?It seems to suffer from nerds-designing-games.  It's incessantly complex, but it feels arbitrary.I'm genuinely confused at the good press and reviews.  I think I actually hate this game on a gameplay level.  I think only if you designed it, you would know how to play it.This is just my opinion - but I've played games for decades, I'm a fan of tough games from Another World to Dark Souls, Doom to VVVVVV.  But this just feels kind of sloppy and ""save, die, load, save, die, load, save, die.""I'm sure people will say, you don't know how to play it, or something.... but I actually feel like I don't.  I tried a few times... it went better the second playthrough, but.... I think I'm over it..... just my opinion."
,Not Recommended,238210,17227708,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Solid_Snake,Lmao this game doesn't even work
,Not Recommended,238210,13037405,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,wroter,Don't touch those force fields. The game will get an access violation or cause a memory leak.
,Not Recommended,238210,18585845,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Ekit,"Sucks♥♥♥♥♥♥The controls are annoying and unintuitive, the pacing is slow as ♥♥♥♥, gameplay consists of beating people with a wrench because there is no ammo anywhere so all your weapons are useless, the RPG elements are way too complex and don't give any feeling of progression, the levels are just a bunch of identical corridors arranged in a maze. I was running in circles and didn't even notice it until several minutes later.On top of that the game is full of death rooms filled with radiation and security cannons that kill you as soon as you enter, which completely discourages any exploration. The voice acting range from passable to god-awful and the graphics haven't aged well at all.I do not recommend System Shock 2. Play BioShock instead, it has much more streamlined and intuitive gameplay. If you must play System Shock 2 I recommend playing on the easiest difficulty and following a walkthrough to avoid getting lost or accidentally upgrading one of the many many many abilites that never will be used in the game."
,Not Recommended,238210,15808277,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,chrynoble,"Whatever this game was in it's day, it isn't anymore. It has not aged well. The movement is clunky, and the pacing is infuriatingly slow.Sorry to the fans from yesteryear, but I wouldn't recommend this game a any price."
76561198007746761,Not Recommended,238210,14280633,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,limneosgreen,bad
,Not Recommended,238210,1215116,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,Sharia Coke,"System Shock 2 doesn't hold up particularly well unless you have a decent amount of nostalgia for it. There are plenty of mods to try and bring it up to modern standards, but if you're interested in it purely for an academic understanding of BioShock's predecessor perhaps watch some videos."
,Not Recommended,238210,8686571,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,DiamondJAB,"A little aged for my tastes, but I can see where it deserves the high rating.  If you're into a classic, then I recommend it."
76561198073496065,Not Recommended,238210,7767766,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,mxcnbond,"I'm pretty sure that if i had played this game back in its glory days I would've loved it. However, I've played so many modern shooters that I found this one really difficult and not fun at all. I might give it a second chance sometime but after a few hours spent on it, I didn't enjoy it enough to keep me attached. I specially didn't like the controls, in the WSAD control scheme the A and D don't make you move to the sides, just turn.I'm sure it's a great classic game and it was revolutionary and maybe a masterpice in 1999, but today I just couldn't get into it."
76561198040051566,Not Recommended,238210,8214248,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Door,"g-SCORE: [N/A]My play time hardly passed 1 hour... I had heard great things about this game, and I'm sure those elements are there, I just could not get into it. I can't recommend this game based on my play experience, but that does not mean it's not a solid title. For a better impression, look elsewhere."
,Not Recommended,238210,13337199,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Samson Biceps,"Probaly a great game but its way to hard, im stuck in the first part of the game on easy mode, you die in like 5 hits and the health items are jokes, no way to defend yourself from attacks."
76561197993676604,Not Recommended,238210,34106357,Posted: 8 August,all,Remix,"i was playing this like ""ya this is a good game"" then i said ""but wait im not having any fun"""
76561198045791479,Not Recommended,238210,8870179,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,chicken nugget scoon,I really don't understand the combat system. It's like you just stand there hitting the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥out of each other.
76561198025031910,Not Recommended,238210,11014605,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,pederfee,I played this for an hour and it was about as fun as passing a ♥♥♥♥ing kidney stone.
,Not Recommended,238210,11351412,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Beholder,its an ok shooter5/10
,Not Recommended,238210,26295958,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,TheFinkinator,"Im sure this game was great back in the day, and I can see how it could potentially still be great today, but the game just wasnt for me.I had this game on my wishlist for the longest time after hearing how much praise it had, and snagged it for $2.49 during the halloween sale. But I asked for a refund after around 1 hour of playing.The graphics dont bother me. In fact, I think that older graphics CAN do a much better job when it comes to horror than super realisic ones, and i find graphics from this era nostalgic and charming.But this game is supposed to have some great story to it. You start out hearing a 2 second story about an AI from like 42 years ago. then you go through basic training, and choose a branch in the army to join, without any description of what the difference between them is. then youre in the service for 3 years, but in reality about 3 seconds. you choose three asignments which I guess are supposed to be a ""clever"" way of creating your character class, because different choices grant different stat boosts.After that you are suddenly and JARRINGLY (cant stress that enough) placed in the middle of the Van Braun, and some dish is flying at the window threatening to put you out in space so you have to get the hell out quick. and welcome to the main game.There was absolutely no story. I mean I guess that the story will develop as i go through it, but I am quite literally dropped into a ship with weird alien/zombie/hybrid things on it that are trying to kill me, and a random lady who I have no idea who she is giving me random instructions with no goals or explainations.So all the ships crew was instantly killed exept me I guess, and the lady is giving me instructions like ""you need to get to the medical wing"". OK, um, how about giving me any reason at all to do that other than you told me to? Motivation is kind of a nessesary part of story. I get that its a game and theres only one place I can go, but there still should be a motivation for my character doing that. Like maybe im looking for a safe place with no monsters? or looking for survivors? or trying to find a way to bring the ship to port? ANYTHING would have been better than nothing. I just felt uninspired and bored.Lets take half-life for example. it has even less guidance, since you have no voices guiding you at all. but that game starts with you walking through the compound, meeting people, realizing people know you, you go down to do some experiment, you SEE♥♥♥♥♥♥hit the fan. THAT is your motivation. you saw everything go to hell, so your obvious motivaion is to get the hell out quick. and you walked into this place, so one way or another there has to be a way out.In system shock youre dropped into the ship after the cataclysmic event has already happened. and youre in space. so getting to safety isnt going to be as simple as finding the exit. I just had no idea why I was doing what I was doing.On top of that was the weird system of things. I have these skils, like research, that noone bothered to tell me how to use, or what they even do. There was nothing about research in the training, and i keep finding items that say they are researchable, but when I click them it says ""you need a research level of 1 to research this"" 1!? HOW AM I SUPPOSED TO DO ANY RESEARCH IF IM NOT SKILLED ENOUGHT TO RESEARCH LEVEL ONE STUFF? even if i didnt choose to boost research in my ""character building"" everyone should start a game with at least level one in everything right? whats the point? and i always hear stuff from my PDA like ""there are chemicals in this room to help with research. dont try to take them all at once. they will help you."" ok so i dont know what the benefit of research even is, didnt know i needed chemicals to do it, and now i just know ambiguously that these might help in certain situations? And if you get seen by cameras, the alarm goes on for about 8 straight hours and it calls the monsters on you. how does that make sense? are the monsters WORKING for the central computer system so they respond to his will? that would be an interesting drive of the plot if they had explained that to me.The biggest thing I couldnt get over though, was the controls. the only way to access your inventory is to go into USE mode. this brings up the inventory and PDA and stuff, and restricts all your movement so you can use the mouse to click things. this is how you switch weapons and take health boosts, and also how you look through chests and things. Heres the probelm though: IT DOESNT PAUSE THE GAME. So if you try to go into inventory to take a potion while an enemy is fighting you, they just keep fighting you, and you die. if you are in a fight and you try to go into inventory to switch weapons, you die. the game gives you no chance to safely go into your inventory to heal or reload because enemies could come out at any time.and worst of all, YOU CAN ONLY MOVE STRAIGHT FORWARD. Pressing a or d causes you to rotate, which is completely unnessesary when you have a mouse. pressing s makes you crouch and uncrouch. so the only way to actually move is w, so you can only move in the direction youre looking. And with the attack rate in this game being SO SLOW (what is this pistol, a bolt action? a muzzle loader?) combat is almost impossible. you cant move back while attacking, so the enemies kill you before you can kill them, unless you find a way to turn around 180, run, turn 180 again, shoot once, then repeat, which was way too annoying for me to actually try. and if you have more than one enemy like when you set off an alarm, youre just done.Sorry I just cant reccomend this game."
,Not Recommended,238210,10057391,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,- M -,The hitboxes are so bad it made me not play the game
,Not Recommended,238210,8267198,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,⚔Artoria⚔,"This game is probably the most buggy game ever, cannot even launch the game at all."
,Not Recommended,238210,9539517,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,[TiC] Commitment,"I can see how it was amazing for a game in 1999. However, half life will always be a better series. Introducing peaking behind walls...cool. Don't buy unless you are looking for a basic old school fps."
,Not Recommended,238210,11292473,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,The Last Paladin,i cannt 360 no scope -10/10
,Not Recommended,238210,31376395,Posted: 26 April,all,Frankie,I ain't going back to jail
,Not Recommended,238210,9838113,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,clownfishhuman,"I cant shoot, and the controls are funky"
,Not Recommended,238210,29451028,Posted: 23 January,all,Hericide,"The controls are way to bad, I rather drive a tank."
,Not Recommended,238210,9436975,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,NickyP,"This game is the worst ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥cunt of a game i've ever played, if you buy it or get tricked into buying buy a retared friend who did not read the reviews or watch the trailers then RIP"
,Not Recommended,238210,10913403,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,BALDGYE,"System Shock, more like System MEH"
,Not Recommended,238210,11454921,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,evil morty,♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,238210,10930723,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,TurtleSex,NoWhey
,Not Recommended,238210,11140333,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Idrisssss,THIS IS BEEEEEEEEEEEP
76561198075347367,Not Recommended,238210,10338306,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Devilblacknova,boring and the grapthics are not very good and hard to kill things 3/10.
,Not Recommended,238210,16853573,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Chad Incarnate,"I feel that I at least need to be polite, so I will state this delicately: System ""Suck"" 2 is a game for jobless virgins. Before anyone accuses me of being a troll, I want to state that I am 40 years old, and played this game when it came out. If some subhuman millenials weren't stupid enough to think that it's some sort of ""forgotten gem,"" people would still recognize it for what it is: Crap. When this game came out, every reviewer and audience member hated it. The only reason people like this is because they are stupid hipster kids who can't listen to an old person's wisdom and understand that maybe if someone is twice your age they may have learned a thing or two. So if you are anything like me, avoid this game like the plague."
76561198067397190,Not Recommended,238210,33393444,Posted: 8 July,all,Eap123,"Hard and complicated than my ex girlfriend. Don't get this waste of time. Seriously, who the f!@# thinks this is a good game?"
,Not Recommended,238210,30804485,Posted: 28 March,all,Tyberos the Red Dank,This did not age well in the slightest
,Not Recommended,238210,30510576,Posted: 14 March,all,YoynK,"I couldn't do it. Graphics are so dated that it killed the immersion. Its still a clasic, just holds little play value today."
76561197967685936,Not Recommended,238210,30397061,Posted: 8 March,all,^7ja^1co,"Overrated,"
76561197962786957,Not Recommended,238210,33006101,Posted: 29 June,all,pizzathecookie,bad controlls♥♥♥♥♥♥ gameplayjust awful
76561198311336411,Not Recommended,238210,31759760,Posted: 14 May,all,Wandal,yawn
76561198146148065,Not Recommended,238210,12408313,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Brain Shot,Theres no boobies.
76561198308965257,Not Recommended,238210,34208210,Posted: 13 August,all,dankmemes9985,"Seems like a pretty cool game, although it appears to be a rip off of Deus Ex, but either way, the user log cheats to enable godmode don't work, at least through Steam, so I'd rather not have bought this."
76561198058636829,Not Recommended,238210,23408988,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,r/the_donald memer extraordinare,Awful graphics. It looks like this game came out in the 1990s or something. Simply repulsive! 0/10
76561198070027589,Not Recommended,238210,12701244,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,griakatsourani2,too old.
,Recommended,238210,10151354,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Nunks,"Not too far into it, but I love it. It has a feeling similar to Deus Ex (or rather, since this game is older, Deus Ex as a feeling of System Shock 2). I love cyberpunk games and I love horror games. This game is great mix of both. It's in the strain of older computer games, so it's more difficult. It's also partially survivalist, because the game barely gives you anything ever. Overall it's a great challenge and the plot is pretty sweet. I'd definitely recommend buying it, especially if you liked Deus Ex."
76561197996231297,Recommended,238210,10412643,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,tanglebones,"System Shock 2 secured its place as an example of an excellent scifi-horror title.  It's true scifi - not simply a monster show in a space ship.  But included are idiosyncrasies of a tech-space enivronment.  Complete with a gripping story both complex and layered, with great atmosphere.  Deadspace may have been a spiritual sucessor, but it hasn't been up to par with how cerebral SS2 is in its implementation as a game, nor as sophisticated as a story (with side plots).  Yes its old and its graphics (obviously) way outdated.  But looking past those, you have a masterpiece in scifi horror story telling / rpg / fps.  A true joy to pay and among the tippy top of my all time fav games."
,Recommended,238210,10269867,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Pope Spice,HIGHLY recommend this game to those who love the Bioshock series or even to those who have never played Bioshock!
,Recommended,238210,1386359,"Posted: 18 July, 2013",all,zrotalent,I constantly feel as if I am at the edge of making the game completely unwinnable. This is either a dire condemnation or the highest praise for their play testing I can give. I'm not sure which.
,Recommended,238210,19038061,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Zenniva,"A really good classic, even the the controls are f**ked, its really good"
76561197970350470,Recommended,238210,397776,"Posted: 18 May, 2013",all,grummel,I played this back in '99 and still today the game setting / atmosphere is far better than Bioshock. It's a masterpiece of its own.
76561198219059683,Recommended,238210,19226277,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,rp501,Cool game ...
,Recommended,238210,11626232,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Fireslasher,"One of the best, if not THE best game I have played!"
,Recommended,238210,19296744,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,FatKidWitAJetPak,"I have heard about this game for years, but have never gotten around to purchasing it. I found it on a discount and decided to go for it. Boy, let me tell you, was it worth it. This game looks incredible for a game created in 1999. It is full of choices that allow you to build your character in many different ways. I choose to fight as a melee character on the hardest difficulty. It was a blast. I died over and over and over again as I ran chaotically through levels trying to find ways to survive.I'm the kind of person that plays games with a open mind, trying to live in the world the designers intended. There are a lot of new games that look astonishing beautiful, and it is sometimes hard to pick up a game this old and enjoy it. Pretend those new games don't exist and grab hold of this, and I guarentee it will be worth it. This is one of those old games everyone should play. It's great, dark, and full of challenging horror elements and high replay value.10/10"
,Recommended,238210,19217187,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,JohnNy_cz,"A gem among games and the best mix of RPG and FPS genres. If you like games that completely swallow you up in their unique atmosphere, this one is for you. It's an old game but even in 2015 it's definitely worth it. Awesome storyline too.  You will want to replay it many times in many different ways."
76561198006282312,Recommended,238210,19219649,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,lilythe66,One of the best game ever!!I am...Shodan
,Recommended,238210,19364989,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,TurquoisePenguin,"This game is absolutely awesome. You should waste your money on it, you'll get an AMAZING game with HUGE story"
,Recommended,238210,9143479,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,TheBroomKeeper,It is a fun First-person shotter horror game with an interesting plot and great atmosphere if you have played bioshock this is a perfect game for you.
,Recommended,238210,1002239,"Posted: 29 July, 2013",all,Dr. Kaganétias,"System Shock 2 really deserves all the praise it has. One of the best PC games ever made, with one of the greatest villains of all time. Do not dawdle, play this game right now... insect!"
76561197965514452,Recommended,238210,8056115,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,SH0DAN,"Nothing short of the best game I have ever played, and ive played a LOT of games. Sadly, they just don't make them like this anymore. While modern games look prettier, and are far more technically accomplished, none of them are half as genius as this game was and still is to this day. It was way ahead of its time and even now does many things better than its modern counterparts. Everyone should give this game a try, at least once and try to look past its aged visuals, because it truly is one of the most thrilling and immersive experiences ever made. Just remember its a slow starter and doesnt grab you until your a good way in."
,Recommended,238210,8056207,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Chaos_Foxhound,"Scary, immersive, and a lot of choice in how you develop your character, this game deserves multiple playthroughs just because there are so many options on how you create your character"
,Recommended,238210,8155222,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Mokou: Good Morning! ~Miao~,"Literally, the greatest game ever."
,Recommended,238210,8156394,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Ice Cold Cola,I LOVE TRAPING MY FRIEND WHO IS TERRIBLE. AKA ANTHONY. AND THEN MAKING MY OTHER FRIEND MAD. AKA ASSBASTIAN
,Recommended,238210,8159744,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Astridhaze,Awesome game that holds up over time. Excellent amount of gameplay with an advancing story to go with the action.
,Recommended,238210,723289,"Posted: 15 June, 2013",all,Spacewolf,"The gameplay and everything is a lot of fun, but this game is SO BROKEN! Stuff I can't even explain happened, it just feels so unpolished. I got stuck places, saves got corrupted, multiplayer is ♥♥♥♥ed. I can't finish it because my character was rolled back a few hours of progress at one point and doing anything crashes my game."
76561197973189590,Recommended,238210,8134697,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,3.141592,A history lesson for the youngest ones.
76561198003545961,Recommended,238210,10249215,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Ecelleon,Fantastic... I nearly played it through in one entire sitting I enjoyed it so much. The combat may take some getting used to but once done the game just sucks you in.
,Recommended,238210,10204606,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Big Fossy,"Honestly, one of the most amazing games I've played in awhile. Yes, the graphics are outdated, and yes the hit detection is well....yea. However it is still a classic and the best game of its time."
76561198054784488,Recommended,238210,10246511,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Senpai1129,very scary whOOOoOoOoO
76561198056042201,Recommended,238210,10307487,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Rev,"This is one of the best scifi horror games I have ever played, the longer you play it the more intense the psychological terror becomes. Nothings worse than C3P0 loaded with explosives trying to give you a hug except maybe a psychic monkey that gave up on sling poo around and decides slinging fireballs at your face is a good idea. If you have never played this you are missing out. Out of 10 I would give this a 10"
,Recommended,238210,2103901,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,Harbingr,"Looking Glass Studios, need more be said? Ok then, one of the most atmospheric games of all time (download SHTUP mod for high res textures). Highly recommended, influential to Bioshock and even the mighty Deus Ex. Oh, and play in the dark with a headset. Trust me."
,Recommended,238210,10318543,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,b r y a n,GREAT GAME♥♥♥♥ CYBORG MIDWIVES
,Recommended,238210,1219498,"Posted: 11 May, 2013",all,Sigvatr,"So you want to play a game for those lonely hours of the day? Then System Shock 2 is the perfect game for you. The father of the Bioshock games, System Shock proves to have a wide variety of awesome things, the sound is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome, and even stands today as a very impressive job done. The storytelling and level-design is awesome, the mother-♥♥♥♥ing characters are awesome. Did I say you can shoot mutaded space monkeys? You can shoots muntant space monkeys! Awesome.Also it has co-op, and support most native resolutions.Space monkeys!"
,Recommended,238210,10549092,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Barred,This game will make you♥♥♥♥♥♥your pants once you see the first enemy. This game even though outdated is very good if you like the clostraphobic atmosphere of bioshock this is the game for you. Get it while it is on sale though. If you like Bioshock this game is your go to
,Recommended,238210,7891956,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Marek,"Just bought this game on sale and loved it. Finished on hard in 21 hours, which is awesome lenght comparing to nowadays games.Was a bit confused at the beginning with the controls and stuff, but you just figure it out as you go :)Eventually I realized I wasn't using much of the PSI 'weapons' as much as the classic ones - basically not at all, maybe that is bad but I invested my upgrades in other stuff, so no other option.Great game, recommended."
,Recommended,238210,7617163,"Posted: 9 November, 2013",all,AtomicMime,"This game is an utter classic! The graphics may look dated, but the sound and level design are still very scary. An extremely enjoyable ride! If you haven't played it yet, please board the Von Braun..."
,Recommended,238210,7686119,"Posted: 17 November, 2013",all,Xenomorph (Jagdauslader),"this is THE game for any fps fan. if you can get past the dated graphics, the game is one of dizzying depth, with one of if not the best videogame villian of all time. the shooting feels weighty, the psi abilities are interesting, the difficulty is just right, although you can run yourself into an almost endless loop of screwing yourself over. i suggest a walkthrough, as some parts are kryptic, butits amazing. the story is weel done, the basic mechanics work perfectly, and the game feels good. an absolute must buy, buy it asap!"
,Recommended,238210,7876321,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,hargneux,Still one of the creepiest action RPGs ever made. Definitely worth a replay after all these years
,Recommended,238210,2938369,"Posted: 13 May, 2013",all,Kyper,"Great FPS with RPG elements and tons of atmosphere. System Shock 2 can get scary at times, sometimes without even trying to do so.Gameplay is still good as I remembered it, although you can feel the 'dated' feeling in some parts. If you don't choose the right skills for your build, things can get really tough toward the end. You won't have too many problems on Normal difficulty, but these problems/challenges become readily apparent on Hard/Impossible. Hacking is a necessary skill, and Maintenance comes in a close second.Inventory management is also important, ammo management specifically. Expect to use the wrench for a good portion of the game."
,Recommended,238210,1037583,"Posted: 16 June, 2013",all,Vang,"Before there was Bioshock, before there was Fallot 3 and New Vegas, before there was Dead Space... there was System Shock 2.  All of these games stand upon the shoulders of one colossal giant name SHODAN... and she can still crush them all like insects after all these years."
76561198081364925,Recommended,238210,7936792,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Friend_Alpaca,Best game ever!
,Recommended,238210,7108887,"Posted: 26 June, 2013",all,PICKLE RICK ム,Great old Horror-FPS-RPG mashup with an awesome atmosphere!
,Recommended,238210,7942840,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Sinew2,"An fps-rpg that was way ahead of its time in terms of the complexity of gameplay and story. System Shock provides challenge, mystery, and enjoyment to nearly every aspect of gameplay. The depth of gameplay is similar to that of Deus Ex games, and certainly won't leave you disappointed after playing this spiritual predecessor to the Bioshock series with a cult following."
,Recommended,238210,7918939,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Kungfubellydancer,"Perhaps I'm biased because I played this game the year it came out in 1999 or 2000...but playing it again 13 years later I realize why I came back to it. This is truly a survival horror, and even though I've been spoiled with modern graphics, you'll quickly forget how obsolete the poor graphics are in this game as you play. For the time that it came from, the graphics were obsolete even for the year that it came out (compare to Halo or Return to Castle Wolfenstein, for example, which came out the next year), but it makes up for it by outstanding gameplay structure and environment.It's quite creepy, and you must rely on your volume because things will sneak up on you if you don't hear them in advance, and a wrong move could mean death. You must learn to ration your inventory, and the gameplay is far more complicated than any modern game. I remember playing Bioshock and remembering how similar it was to this game, and indeed it is, and people are who are fans of the Bioshock series will feel right at home in this game."
,Recommended,238210,10189461,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Supernova,"System Shock 2 is truly outsanding, a masterpiece of 90s PC gamingIt has an astonishing amount of depth and complexity, with regards to both the gameplay and the writingIf you're familar with the Bioshock games, you'll be right at home with this as it shares many similar motifs/mechanicsOne thing I would mention, however, is its difficulty, which can be infuriating at timesOverall, highly reccommended 10/10"
,Recommended,238210,10294253,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,stoosh95,"I first played this game when it came out back in summer 1999 ... it blew my mind. Never has ther been a game quite like this. My only gripe is that you can finish the game using only ""hacker"" ... you can level up ""marine""  and ""psi"" enough to finish the game, but if you focus only on ""hacker"", you wont be powerful enough to get through the last few levels.All in all, one of the few games that i have played all the way through several times. and with the latest mods to up the res and poly, the game can look pretty good.plus ... psi monkeys10/10"
,Recommended,238210,10285776,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,AlphaCore,"Awesome classic game!I'm amazed with their support on the Steam version. With newer PCs, System Shock 2 runs great. I enjoyed the game. And look, there's an AI called SHODAN!8/10"
76561198027127283,Recommended,238210,10225716,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,L3@D_DROP5,A  great game
,Recommended,238210,8489515,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Broseidon King of the Brocean,really really good <3
76561198042859938,Recommended,238210,8591312,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Timmoman,"Great game, but remeber download some mods (like text enlarger) before play!"
,Recommended,238210,8633447,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Remitoid,"System Shock 2 has been mentioned often as one of the best games ever made and seems to be the favorite game of many. After the digital release, I was finally able to experience the game and see for myself.The gameplay is a mixture of RPG and FPS. The RPG part brings some depth in the game, but the implementation is a bit lacking. With the exception of psi-powers, the difference between a new character and one fully developed is noticeable, but too little. For example, a fully developed standard weapons skill along with a high agility makes it easy to snipe enemies from the distance, but aiming was not that hard to begin with. A higher skill makes better weapons available, though. Regarding this, it seems a bit dumb that a marine does not know how to use an assault rifle at the start of the game. The skills in this game prepare you for battle, since there are no alternative ways of doing things. If there is a tough enemy guarding an enterance, the only way inside is to kill the enemy. I didn't notice any option to negotiate or hack a backdoor to find my way inside.The most original part of character development is research, which makes some alien artifacts available for use. Researching is often not completed with just a click of a button, but the player also needs to find appropriate chemicals to complete the research.It is not necessary to complete the first System Shock to play this game, although there are some minor references. There are some minor twists in the story, but otherwise the plot is pretty average. Finding out what happened on the ship is revealed through audio logs, which are occasionally interesting to listen. The game starts getting a bit boring at some point, as there seems to be hardly any progress in the story and the player is forced to scour the levels for the next item needed for progress.The game has a good atmosphere, which makes the player feel that they are under a constant threat, but sadly the surroundings often kills the immersion. Sometimes the layout of the levels make sense, but often they resemble narrow labyrinths and make you wonder why the ship was built that way. The levels are mostly freely explorable and have several paths. You can even go back to previously visited places, but there is hardly ever any reason, since key cards and -codes for any locked areas are never found in later levels (or at least that's how I found it). Some of the enemies seems a bit unfitting to the environment as well. The game also has unlimited enemies spawning out of nowhere, but in my opinion the spawning rate is not too bad and some areas seem to be safe.Having been released in 1999, the game looks dated. This can be remedied a bit with mods, but I'm not bothered by the visuals anyway. The voice acting is generally good and the ambient sounds add to the atmosphere, but some of the enemies sound awful. I also turned off the music pretty fast, as the electronic tunes broke the immersion more than anything else.The game is playable, but I just could not see why so many people think it's still so amazing. Some better enemies, better level design and a more interesting story would be something I need to enjoy this game more. I can recommend it to anyone who likes Deus Ex and Thief (the original ones) and those who want to see what the fuzz is about. The game was not great but, not bad either.5/10"
76561198005908329,Recommended,238210,2335257,"Posted: 14 May, 2013",all,Draken,"This is one of those games that stick with you during the ages. I still have my CD copy shelved somewhere, and is pretty much the only game I hold the dearest to where my heart would be. If you liked Bioshock, this game is the spiritual ancestror to it and you should definitivelly get it; you'll like it better than Bioshock, i promise."
76561197966482898,Recommended,238210,245001,"Posted: 21 May, 2013",all,Nuclear Nelson,"I first heard about System Shock 2 and its supposed greatness about 10 years ago. Since then, every now and then the title would cross my mind and I would think how I wanted to play it. That's why I jumped at the opportunity to purchase it on Steam when it recently arrived. I was not disappointed. System Shock 2 is nothing short of a masterpiece.  I can only describe System Shock 2 as a hybrid of the original Deus Ex and Half-life. It is also the spiritual predecessor to Bioshock.  With comparisons to legendary titles like that, what can go wrong?  System Shock 2 is immensely fun and extremely addictive. Its strongest attribute is its chilling atmosphere and sheer level of depth.  For a 1999 game, this kind of FPS and RPG fusion, combined with an engaging story and horror elements, was revolutionary.  The level of quality is still remarkable even by today's standards.  As I expected, the late 90's gameplay mechanics can be clunky and frustrating. Combat is rigid and takes time to get adapted with. The learning curve is fast, steep, and unforgiving, and I found myself saving and reloading frequently, which at times took me out of the experience. Eventually I got used to it.  Do yourself a favor and visit this piece of classic cult gaming."
,Recommended,238210,7141173,"Posted: 1 October, 2013",all,thomas2,"I can't give my full review yet, since I have only about 2 hours in this game. So far so good. The older PC RPG games were some of the best. Graphics are pretty bad, but the game is 14-15 years old. 8/10"
,Recommended,238210,2253381,"Posted: 21 May, 2013",all,Uggo Retardo HD,These dated graphics are quite a... shock 2 the... system.I'm sorry.
,Recommended,238210,8629088,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,LuxHyperion,"Nerve-wrecking atmosphere, unpredictable storyline, intense gameplay; truly a timeless cla-YOUR SONG IS NOT OURS!"
,Recommended,238210,373075,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,RecordStoreJerk,"You can't be considered a real PC Gamer unless you've played this one. All modern RPG/FPS aped this design of this game, yet none of them ever recaptured the sheer tension and vulnerability one felt in every second you spent traversing the starship Von Braun. Lots of great mods help overcome the somewhat dated graphics; however, the gameplay is timeless. Might also have the best use of audio in any game of the last 15 years."
,Recommended,238210,8441303,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Sir Ventricle,"Kicks Dead Space's♥♥♥♥♥in virtually every conceivable way. Apart from the rather outdated graphics (for which there are many mods), this is the best sci-fi horror game I have ever played."
76561198043500460,Recommended,238210,8443173,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Indesdri,"I never enjoyed Bioshock, sure it had some great visuals and fantastic ideas but the gameplay was really uninteresting. That put me off the sequels, which I've not played. Then I see that the developers made a Scifi horror, the game that inspired Bioshock. The story is great, Shodan is one of the coolest characters I've seen in a video game, the music is awesome, the inventory management is good fun. It's a good challenge, too. Unlike Bioshock that let you die as many times as you could concieve, System Shock 2 punishes you for dying. Which is great! So much so that it's possible to get yourself into the final boss only to find it's impossible because you got a bit wreckless with inventory management leading up to the final showdown and having to use the console commands just to see the end :P"
76561198048008596,Recommended,238210,7488657,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,The Advocate,"Good Old Fassioned Shooter-Horror Game. Despite Its Age, It Is Still A Great Game All Around."
,Recommended,238210,656268,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,Syntax Error,"A must have. No hand holding, challenging and a fine example of how great games were back in the day. I still have a copy sitting on my shelf and I still bought it."
76561197993790624,Recommended,238210,1495458,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,Azorth,"System Shock 2, as incredibly difficult, incredibly intense, and incredibly unnerving as it is, has strongly reminded me of what I’m missing from games.Shock 2 reveals just how potent and atmospheric it is to be pathetically weak. It creates a bleakness that’s unachievable by just painting your backgrounds grey-brown and having the gruff post-apocalyptic super-soldiers shout curse words as they trot ever forward. It’s a bleakness that’s not superficially aesthetic, but intrinsic, and overwhelming. I really am overwhelmed by it."
,Recommended,238210,8083975,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,ilyaspirin,Certainly one of the best games I have ever played. A real classic!
,Recommended,238210,4228187,"Posted: 11 May, 2013",all,"AJ, Lord of Chaos","-An intelligent rpg-ish horror-game with shooting from the creators of deus ex or thief-Here's the spritual mother of Bioshock. Finally on steam. In SS1 on Citadel space station a hacker thwarted rogue AI SHODAN's plans and destroyed Citadel. (Was this the end - no look at the game's icon...)You awake on a spaceship and everyone's been slaughtered or zombified. The game achieves to be genuinely scary and nerve-wrecking. Even the sounds of innocent monkeys in the hall spell doom as they are psychic and shoot energy at you. C3PO-like polite androids rush you and blow up in your face. Cyborg midwives hum lullabies before they spot and attack you. And there are invisible spiders. Also enemies sometimes respawn out of your sight - good luck.Ammunition is scarce and shoddy guns lock up on you - sometimes you take on armored robots with your thrusted wrench or avoid combat.SHODAN's one of the best antagonists in gaming history constantly watching and deceiving you, calling you an insect.If you like sci-fi and horror and don't mind the dated graphics you should get this classic pearl of a game. Are you scared, insect?"
76561198021310221,Recommended,238210,7999959,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Threedroogs,One of my favorite games of all time.  Make sure to play in the dark with a good headset on.
76561198107148359,Recommended,238210,9964835,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,Sweaty Spaghetti,AWESOME
,Recommended,238210,4858538,"Posted: 19 May, 2013",all,Real Human Bean,"The greatest of Classic Horror First Person Role Playing Games. A timless cautionary tale featuring the most supreme evil ever conceived in video game history. A Perfect experience and the real start of one of the most beloved franchises ever, the Shock Series."
,Recommended,238210,9960040,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,Dr.Flexyjerkov,"Immersive horror, A game best played with headphones and volume turned up. Desipite being an old game, it still stands out above most modern games today. A time when stories and problem solving was more important than graphics..."
76561198056352442,Recommended,238210,9949222,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Bad_squirrel,Old fashond horror
76561197961971577,Recommended,238210,106081,"Posted: 11 May, 2013",all,Old Spice,"A all time classic, must play regardless of looks - treat yourself to a piece of gaming history"
,Recommended,238210,10769473,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Catalytic Flash,"R-r-r-r-r-uun, aw-w-w-waa-y-y."
,Recommended,238210,10836292,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Gattsu Daddy,"Once you mod the graphics, this game is amazing. Easily more fun than bioshock."
76561198053231318,Recommended,238210,10692105,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,wawathawaltzz,its pretty♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,238210,10694937,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Large Farva 🍌,System Shock 2 is an awesome RPG/FPS that was made by people who later made Bioshock (an excelent game but it is essentially a watered down version of this game) Be prepared for some really scary moments and the type of difficulty only a PC game from the 90's can offer.
,Recommended,238210,10696208,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,eh,YEAH WE CAME TO BLOW YOUR SYSTEMYOU KNOW WHAT IM SAYIN?KILL IT OR DIEBRAGGIN BOUT HOW YOUHAD IT ALL DIALEDWELL WHATS UP NOWWHEN YOUR♥♥♥♥♥♥IS
76561198082839549,Recommended,238210,7018062,"Posted: 30 August, 2013",all,SynergyKim,Because...SHODAN
,Recommended,238210,10829740,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Futeness,"First time playing the game, and got to say in my opinion it is the first old game I've played that has survived the test of time. The grandpappy of Bioshock is still lively.The story is meh, no real surprises but enough lore and logs to help flesh out what happened. I havne't played system shock 1, but in my opinion I didn't need to in order to enjoy this game.The weapons.....oh boy. I have heard jokes about how fast the weapons degrade and start jamming but WOW I still was naive about it. You'd think this would be a downside, but it actually leads to some of your most exciting moments. Fighting a tough robot or something and your weapon jams, scrambling to take cover and quickly repair really gets you stressed out haha.Last thing I'll mention is the difficulty. I play normal setting in all my games and this one felt like it got a difficulty curve on the 3rd floor. Enemies and turrets start being able to kill you VERY quickly. Like in Bioshock or Borderlands, you have special respawn machines; but unlike those games you have to go find them and turn them on before you can respawn. Otherwise your saving and loading A LOT. The difficulty never wavers after that point, but you do. You start to figure out weakness, enemy tactics, and what gun to have ready just from the sounds. This made me feel like a beast, enemies that once killed me in an instant if I was careless I started to tear though.I'll end it here. The control is amazing, too many skills to discuss, and if your even thinking about playing this then you already accept the dated graphics as ok. There is no reason to pass this classic up ESPECIALLY if get it on sale like I did."
,Recommended,238210,3538099,"Posted: 20 August, 2013",all,Creature,"Bioshock is basically the love child of System Shock and both are fantastic games.System Shock 2 has a sexy A.I. who demeans and belittles you though, which, for some of us, is truly exciting. The atmopshere is oppresive and deliciously creepy. Whispers are never too far away.Keep in mind that this game is HARD, challenging even on the standard difficult setting. This is by no means a bad thing. As it pushes and prodes at you, progress feels truely satisfying.Would reccomend getting the updated textures to really bring this great game to life.Get it."
76561198118396760,Recommended,238210,10760855,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,ogr8bearded1,"While it is an old game, this is one of the classics and a great deal for only $4. I enjoyed it long ago and happy I've gotten it again. If you like FPS, this one should definately be in your library."
,Recommended,238210,11312284,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,AEE,Among the best games ever made.
,Recommended,238210,11493981,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,B!naryVision...,"10/10, a must buy.It might have dated graphics but its story and its atmosphere is magnifique!Throughout the game as you run through the steel corridors and fight The Many with the help of Janice Polito you make your way through a number of levels fighting increasingly difficult enemies.Finding audio logs to tell you what has happened to the ship.Despite the graphics being on the low end I'd say it's one of the best games I've ever played."
,Recommended,238210,2673632,"Posted: 25 June, 2013",all,Doctor Pazuzu,"Quite simply one of the finest games ever made and one of my personal favorites.If you enjoyed Bioshock and/or Deus ex and know how to use that big peanut inside your head, then you NEED to play this genius and classic pile of triangles and pixels."
,Recommended,238210,32512,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,vEK,The best game EVER!!! OMG!!! :_)
76561198025514595,Recommended,238210,11500193,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,jake.bahr,"I haven't finished yet, but I already love this game.The atmosphere is perfect.  Even when there are no enemies around, it's really spooky!  The enemies seem to appear at random, so you can't clear out an area.  The game makes you weak.  Sometimes the best strategy is to run away.The graphics are bad.  But it's not a focus.  Enemies are scary not because of how they look, but because of how they pop up out of nowhere or the way they walk through the halls opening doors.One feature I like is that the game doesn't pause when you try to hack or use your map.  You can be attacked at basically any time, so the game encourages you to find safer hiding places to manage your inventory or read the help screens scattered throughout the game.It's not forgiving.  Health gets wasted fast and ammo is scarce.  But there's a good balance between being weak and having little ammo.  In Bioshock, I found health to be plentiful but I would often run out of ammo.  This game does a better job in that regard.It's scary.  It's fun.  I'll know more when I finish."
,Recommended,238210,754929,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,Wormatsu,"One of the most immersive... hell, BEST games of all-time."
,Recommended,238210,8901723,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Macedonian Menace,Great Game
76561198023393418,Recommended,238210,11132910,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,james_ord,"A fun space adventure with space zombies. Sure, the premise had been done before, and it would be done again, but never quite like this. Enjoyed best with HD mods."
,Recommended,238210,10468674,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Randy Stair,"Probably my absolute #1 favourite game. Very little has been able to captivate me for the time SS2 has. Despite my short steam playing time, I've owned the game through GOG, when my hard copy eventually became incompatible with modern operating systems, before finally caving in at ""Linux Compatibility"" here on Steam. I've probably put ~50 hours into the game, beating it at least once with each build as well as buggering around with the mod tool, ShockED, to implement various little buffs and nerfs.Atmosphere, enemy design, story, voice acting, soundtrack and even those little subplots you find on discarded datadisks are all top notch. Each weapon class has its own strengths and weaknesses, and any specialised build can beat the game.I don't feel my words can do any justice to simply how magnificent this game is. I guarantee you it's worth every single penny, and if you see it on a sale, you are shooting yourself in the foot by overlooking it."
,Recommended,238210,10859026,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,your teammate,"System Shock 2 is bretty gud. It's kind of like an early Bioshock. It does get scary at times, especially if you can immerse yourself enough to ignore the dated graphics and clunky controls. 8/10 would recommend, especially if you like horror games and it's on sale. (It almost always goes on sale.)"
76561198047096484,Recommended,238210,10897127,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,alfred,"Best game i have ever played.Such a shame that Looking Glass studios fell appart, they made legendary games and improoved gaming a LOT."
,Recommended,238210,10900908,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,ridleysamus,"I actually went into this game last summer with curiosity because of my lukewarm feelings for Bioshock. I can tell you straight away that even in today's times, this game is superior to Bioshock in many ways. It also feels challenging because you always have to be careful with weapon care, weapon management, inventory management, and, most importantly, cyber module management. It is VERY easy to get yourself stuck when you mismanage any of these. So, in conclusion, I heartily recommend this fantastic PC classic."
,Recommended,238210,1599034,"Posted: 18 July, 2013",all,Porpoise,"Awesome game, trust me"
,Recommended,238210,1038028,"Posted: 29 September, 2013",all,Atomicfail,"This game spawned the great Bioshock, and Bioshock: Infinite games we now know and love. If you want a fun, scary, and story driven rpg shooter, this shitz the♥♥♥♥♥♥for you.It's also got a lot of familiar elements from the Bioshock games, so it'll be an interesting step in the past.also give me the ss2 cards u get those motherfkers r hard to find"
,Recommended,238210,10883604,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,The Fitz,I hope you like spiders
76561197974213968,Recommended,238210,10885085,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Piratjäveln,YES YES YES YES YES YES BEST GAYM EVOR BOUY NAOW
,Recommended,238210,462580,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,Mind if we dance wit yo dates,"System Shock 2 is one of two games that I own in physical format, on GOG and now Steam.It's the only PC game for which I still own the old textbook-sized box.It's the only game to get my heart beats per minute up to triple digits.It has perhaps the greatest antagonist in horror game history.If you like games at all, buy this one.  It's terrifying, it's got a steep learning curve, and it's finally free from intellectual property hell.Ask me if you're interested in the first game, which has an almost obtuse interface by modern standards that is absolutely worth overcoming."
,Recommended,238210,10885974,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Crystalline Entity,"controls and graphics are total balls but the story is cool and it's spooky, got it while it was like a buck fifty, dont think it's worth 10 bucks though"
,Recommended,238210,10886728,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,CYKABLEAT,"Одна из тех немногих игр, которая заставила бродить по темным коридорам полуразрушенного корабля не раз и не два (если быть точнее, то 7). Да, интерфейс неудобный и внешность непривлекательная (старый движок первого Thief), но они не являются главными составляющими этого кибер-триллер шедевра. В первую очередь, атмосфера! Эти ловко раскиданные записи по уровням, которые держат в курсе последних неочень светлых событии, иногда вызывающий мурашки и шевеление волос на затылке. Отличный саунд, держащий даже насытившегося хоррор-играми игрока в постоянном напряжении. А что стоит вид одной ""кибер-жены"" и её истязающих душу стонов.Привлекательность игры также состоит в её реиграбельность засчет РПГ элемента (и это 1999 году в ФПС жанре). Есть 4 направления развития: ""психические"" (псай-мины, телепорт, телекинез и так далее), ""технические"" (хакерство, ремонт оружия и его усовершенствование), умение пользоваться оружием разного типа и калибра, общие (сила, ловкость....)Был бы властелином мира (или шоданом), то заставил поиграть в эту игрушку (стерегись камеры, pathetic creature of meat and bone)"
,Recommended,238210,10887507,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Octavarium,"I don't usually write public reviews, but this one is special. This is simply the best old school FPS game I have ever played and it's a must for every FPS lover (specially Half-Life lovers). It combines the best first person shooter style with the finnest RPG mechanics. Graphics are good, ahead of it's time, in my opinion. I just wish games nowadays wound bring back those survival horror ambience that System Shock 2 and tons of other games, in the past, brought to us. Untill there, buy this game and enjoy a masterpiece of it's category. ~ 9/10 ~"
,Recommended,238210,4665116,"Posted: 24 August, 2013",all,Slothstronaut,"Amazing game. There are obviously many parralels to Bioshock given that they have the same developers and similar horror-esque gameplay. SS2's gameplay feels smoother than that of Bioshock and the interface is much better than Bioshock's. Both games involve rationing limited ammo supply, which adds to the horror feel. SS2 can be rather unforgiving, so I recommend saving frequently. Graphics look dated of course, so I recommend doing some modding before getting started. I found a lot of good ones in this thread:http://www.reddit.com/r/gaming/comments/1e4s2v/system_shock_2_with_mods_looks_amazing_for_a_pc/The gameplay is much more complex than Bioshock's, with a variety of different skills which you can spend your resources in and multiple types of ammo for many weapons. This allows for much customization in the way you want to play and strategizing in deciding what ammo to use against what enemies. The tetris-like inventory system is something you don't often see anymore, but it added a certain amount of challenge to deciding what items to keep and which to leave behind. The story is longer than I had expected; there is a good 20-25 hours of gameplay if you go at the speed I went at (I didn't rush). The ending is awesome, I wish there were a sequel. A couple things I would change: It would be helpful if the game paused when you had the inventory open; it's annoying when an enemy finds you while you are moving items around. The hacking is simple and boring, Bioshock's is far superior. Some of the voice acting is pretty cheesy, especially for the minor characters, but most of it is fine. I like the option of waiting to listen to audio logs rather than being forced to listen to them immediately after picking them up. This allows you to get out of combat so you can play closer attention, or wait until other audio you are listening to has stopped. Bioshock doesn't have this option. Bioshock also got rid of leaning, which is a cool and helpful mechanic. Conclusion: SS2 is like Bioshock except it's in space, more complex, designed for PC, has better gameplay, and has worse graphics (which can be remedied by mods). Awesome game. 9/10."
76561198047624322,Recommended,238210,10888113,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,TheKiller9000,"Incredibly fun, very difficult, wonderfully atmospheric, and very deep, both on the gameplay and narrative fronts.  comparisons to Bioshock are as inevitable as a bear crapping in the woods, and it's more complex than Bioshock as far as gameplay goes.  As far as the narrative, it's not as deep.  The characters are incredibly likable and interesting, even the villians, they're the best kind of villians, the ones you love to hate.  and if by some miracle you haven't had the twist spoiled it'll be an emotional rollercoaster, and that's not counting the terror factor.  If you turn off the music and rebind the keys so that they're more intuitive, and if you can get over the 1999 graphics it'll be an experience to remember."
76561198055087371,Recommended,238210,10888155,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,caboosenumber1,System shock 2 is a very good fps adventure game with a hint of fun dashed in every thrilling moment. The controls are the hardest thing in the game but after a while of playing it feels like a great new baby. 10/10 would play all day
,Recommended,238210,10888210,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,A Lemon With Everything To Prove,"This game is incredible.  I don't often get completely immersed in a game, but this one was just perfect.  Grab a few of the graphical update mods floating around and you'd think the game had been released in the last 5 years.  Well, maybe not quite, but every detail of the world sucks you in and makes you feel like you're fighting your way through the ruined Von Braun, desperately attempting to retake the ship from the alien menace that has infested it and killed its crew.  The audio logs you find and the ghostly apparitions you see as you fight your way through the hordes of the infested crew bring the ship to life, although you only rarely see another living human."
,Recommended,238210,10881942,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,RIP BEAN,"I'd highly reccomend this game. It's scary as hell, it inspired Bioshock, it has an amazing soundtrack and my favorite villan of all time. Nobody really bought this when it came out considering it was going up against Half-Life but it's on Steam right now and it's amazing, so go buy it. You won't regret it. Unless if you use a touchpad instead of a mouse. In that case don't.HIGHLY RECCOMENDEDAlso if you like this game, you should get these:The aforementioned BioshockDead Space"
,Recommended,238210,128188,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,Brystar,"With how cheap Shock 2 is nowadays on Steam (especially with 75% off)  there is now no excuse for not having played this.Sure, the graphics have dated, the storytelling is not as refined or the mechanics as nuanced as it's spiritual successor, Bioshock. However, this game poses an interesting question.How original is Bioshock's gameplay and core mechanics? You'll see from this warning in time not very. Scavenging in bins for snacks and currency, PSI usage, reliance on hypo's for healing, Weapons having a maximum of two modifications. The major difference is while the ""Plasmid"" powers are more easily accessible, and the RPG elements have been streamlined and omitted.Add the tempramental co-op (that's mostly buggy because of the age of the game I believe. It was added into a patch and Shock 2 was built for Windows 95/98 machines 14-15 years ago, tried playing other games online from that time?) to the mix and you have a cracking shooter. But worth playing that first time on your own.Get scared. And prepare to die. Sim Unit 3 still freaks me the hell out 14 years after I first saw it,"
76561197989571783,Recommended,238210,8558878,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Matcha Maniac,"""Mastery of the mind is a slow but rewarding process.""  Not that far into it, but any game that I stop playing for a while to sit down and meditate gets a thumbs up."
76561198036943222,Recommended,238210,8560286,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Piggo,"A very, very good game."
,Recommended,238210,8553896,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Maximillian Strauss,"System Shock 2 has been received as one of the best games ever made and after thoroughly playing through it I can see why. Playing System Shock 2 after the BioShock games you can clearly see many similar elements that were taken into the BioShock series (security turrets, hypos, upgrade and vending machines, psionic powers, similar level designs).The general game can take roughly 25 to 40 hours to complete providing a solid and enjoyable playthrough. Reading up on the game prior to playing it, it has been described as an action sci-fi RPG and has been praised for successfully blending all of those elements together. You get various skills, abilities and traits which can be upgraded by obtaining cyber modules. Cyber modules are hard to come by so you should have in mind a style of play you want to act out prior to playing. The scope of the items and weapons that are featured in this game is astonishing and even after one playthrough there is still a number of weapons and items to experience. This as well as upgrading your character with other psionic abilities adds to System Shock 2's replayability.The game requires you to conserve important items such as ammunition, med hypos, psy hypos and auto-diagnostic repair kits in order for you to have an easier time near the end of the game. Even when I thought I had plenty of these items at the end, I was amazed at how quick they diminished and beat the game with a struggle.The only gripe I had with this game was the multiplayer since I couldn't experience it due to not knowing anyone else who plays the game. The multiplayer has two options which are 'Host a Game' and 'Join a Game'. I cannot host a game if I don't know anyone else who plays it and to join a game you require the host's IP Address. However, I am not too fussed about the multiplayer, since the main game is fantastic.System Shock 2 really is one of the best games ever made and everyone should play it. You can play the sequel even if you haven't played the first game because all of the story is told to you in a nutshell. Buy this game during a sale when it is really cheap. The retail version boxed and in a good condition is difficult to find these days so do yourself a favour and purchase it on Steam before they take down another brilliant game from the Steam Store."
,Recommended,238210,8459010,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Omally,just as amazing as i remember it to be
76561198092109160,Recommended,238210,8459335,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Nisere,One of the best games ever.
,Recommended,238210,215383,"Posted: 8 August, 2013",all,Adversity,"A lot of classic games become irrelevant as their innovations and gameplay mechanics sublimate into the greater consciousness. Take Half-Life 2, for example: Putting a brick on a seesaw to make a ramp might have been revolutionary at the time, but it sure as hell isn't anymore.This game, on the other hand? It's still as fresh as it was over ten years ago. Sure, much of what it's done has been copied, but the mix of ideas and styles has never quite been the same. It's scary, it's difficult, and there's never been anything like it since. I don't know what else I really need to say.(If the primitive visuals bother you, just pretend it's an indie game with a lo-fi style, you damn graphics ♥♥♥♥♥.)"
,Recommended,238210,2367184,"Posted: 23 July, 2013",all,Petch,*The* cyberpunk survival horror. I hadn't played this in years but it seems to have withstood the test of time. I bought it because I was too lazy to dig out my CD lel
,Recommended,238210,8464056,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Mop,"System Shock 2 is the kind of game that most overlook because it looks too old, or it's too similar to BioShock.I can say with authority here (50 hours) that System Shock 2 surpasses BioShock in every concievable way, shape or form.Looking Glass Studios brought this gem to the world with the help of Ken Levine (who went on to create BioShock). If it doesn't mean anything else, System Shock 2 is the pinnacle of late 90's computer gaming, an era many laud as the richest in history. This game still retains the imfamous scares it's known for, the sophisticated plot twists, and the gameplay hold up very, VERY well. This game laid down the framework for Deus Ex, BioShock and aspects influenced by System Shock 2 can be seen even in games like Mass Effect (specifically, the Action-RPG). SS2 will always stand tall as the one game that nobody acknowledges, but is the one we see every day. In any shape or form."
,Recommended,238210,8466829,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Rawr the Dragon,"I'll first have to say that the co-op/multiplayer patch is really glitchy. I've played with another friend and it was glitchy some of the time. Add another person and it went really glitchy which caused it to crash.Seriously though, this game is great. Some of the features in this game are there as an option but aren't nessesary to finish. Puzzles in this is basically moving from floor to hub; doing something in the process. The note system is very helpful but not enough to take away the challenge.The story itself is interesting enough to keep you entertained. There are many logs to pick up which help you figure out the story ahead of time, but isn't nessesary since you can only do what you are told.The gameplay is alright but not the best. Weapons function as they are but break really easily. Never went melee or psionics so I have nothing to add to that. If I'm allowed to teamkill, then mission accomplished."
,Recommended,238210,8438020,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Joey Bonzo,One of those classics that has stood the test of time.
76561197971215649,Recommended,238210,8342546,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Matthew,"Of all the games I have played over the years, this is probably the one I have completed the most.  Give it another go every couple of years.  Would recommend that you give this a go."
,Recommended,238210,96415,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,Inevitable,"The last game that made me jump, something Doom III and Dead Space didn't do. If you like exploring abandoned starship or structures infested by parasites, don't pass on this sci-fi horror classic."
,Recommended,238210,8352437,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,TehOcelot,"best shock game by far, makes you wonder wtf happened when they made the bioshock"
,Recommended,238210,3450433,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,Stephen Paddock,Precursor to both Deus Ex and Bioshock with one of the most legendary villains of all time? How can this not be a good game?! Graphics are a bit dated but that never stops a 10/10 game. Buy this.
76561197964904924,Recommended,238210,8582847,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Rammadan Kareem,"This really is basically the best first person game ever developed. I wasn't introduced to it untill the middle of high school, roughly 3 years after it was released. I still remember almost soiling my drawers playing this game into the wee hours of the night. Graphics were good for the time, Gameplay was excellent, soundtrack amazing, atmosphere immersive, everything about it makes it stand tall against other first person games even 14 years after it was released. If you haven't played it, but it now."
,Recommended,238210,7999981,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Trent,"Should you play this game?DEAR SCIENCE YES.Thats about all that needs to be said about this, it is pretty much the greatest game ever, The Controles are wreched but rebindible. It may say I have like 10 hours logged or something, But that is a severe underestimate. I mostly play this game on my laptop disconnected from steam, I have EASILY logged at least a couple hundred hours.This game is a masterpiece, A prime example in horror gaming.Proper horror, Intelectual horror, slowly building tension.It may be dated,But quite amazing."
,Recommended,238210,10499204,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,jamsles,"This is supposedly supposed to be a revolution in the horror gaming genre.It... It really was.  I put the game down at less than halfway through.If you want to experience the full horror, play alone. If you feel you're too much of a pansy-wansy, play it with a friend, but be warned, once you play it with a friend, you can never experience the true horror of not knowing what's around the corner, alone, afraid, an insect in her corridors.They wanted to make a scary game, and they succeeded. Oh man, they succeeded."
,Recommended,238210,12029780,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,sloppy joe,"Yeah this game is actually really good, probably one of the best ever. You should buy it. Thanks for reading."
,Recommended,238210,11879272,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Plastic Legs,"Cumbersome UI, outdated graphics. One of the scariest games I've ever played. Grab some mods to breathe life back into some aspects but if you didn't grow up with it, chances are you won't adapt. Unfortunate for you."
76561198069038023,Recommended,238210,12013580,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,★ Pvt. Pepe ★,A Classic Game
,Recommended,238210,11855568,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,βrαvο,"Wonderful game from the makers of Bioshock, it is a pioneer of the survival genre."
76561198010651455,Recommended,238210,11855314,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,"Dwarf Fortress Intro Dwarf ""uaa""",i expected this to be like the great game bioshock infinite but i guess i was wrong. boy was i embarassed when i found out it was actually the soul sequel of deus ex
76561198065085715,Recommended,238210,11964273,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Black01,"The atmosphere perfectly captures the feeling of being completely alone and helpless on a completely hostile ship. The turns this game takes are totally unpredictable, and you never feel safe anywhere on the Von Braun. 10/10"
76561197990672230,Recommended,238210,11969612,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,NineByNine,"You know what? Despite how long it's been since release, this game holds up really well even in its vanilla state in terms of gameplay and atmosphere. Forget any of the Bioshocks and all those so called creepy games which rely on jumpscares to get your blood pounding. THIS is how it's done.This is a fantastically atmospheric creepy FPS horror game, which blends in RPG elements really well. You really do have a great sense of vulnerability, ammunition management is a very serious affair, knowing what skills to augment to rise to the upcoming challenges, knowing when to not use the loud gun and being aware of your surroundings, damn near♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥yourself in fear when you unleash a hostile maintainance robot without really meaning to and knowing that you definately don't have anything to take it down with...Yeah this game has it in spades. Sure it looks dated and its graphical fidelity is nowhere near what current games can do, but you can abate that somewhat with a serious collection of amazing mods. Go look up a guide on modding it (there's one on the Steam Forums for this game too) and go to work. You won't regret it. The game is fantastic."
76561197979099204,Recommended,238210,12193954,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,queerSlut,"This game is literally one of the best I have ever played. The sound (voice logs, enviornmental effects), character/npc design, level design and progression, and above avarage difficulty all raise this masterpiece above many games that have come after. This game dosen't hold your hand with checkpoints, or navigation aids. It does give you a map, but that's it. And it got down the creepiest vibe to a T.PLAY IT."
,Recommended,238210,473223,"Posted: 18 July, 2013",all,sinister3vil,One of the best games ever made.p.s. If the graphics are putting you off stop considering yourself a gamer.
,Recommended,238210,6306138,"Posted: 2 June, 2013",all,hovamoon,와 진짜 존나 깜놀깜놀 해본 게임 중에 최강.근데 개 어렵네.자막 없어서 리스닝으로만 플레이해야되서 개 빡셈.
,Recommended,238210,19206768,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,FSneakyG,"Welcome to a revolutionary FPS, with graphics that inspiried 2007 runescape, to rpg elements that had never been thought about before, this game has it all! Remember how half life 1 and 2 changed how we play fps. SS2 did that before they were released. Music is hip, and there are no quest markers = you have to find out what the ♥♥♥♥ you are doing, how to do it and how to get the ♥♥♥♥ back so you don't die. 9.9/10 IGN"
76561197972699390,Recommended,238210,19136993,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,MattAtTheEnd,still holds up even as dated as it is . classic for a reason .
76561198086915838,Recommended,238210,19027967,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Alan Deleman,It's....STUNNING.
,Recommended,238210,18989807,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,shodan_lives,"SS2 is as much fun to play now as when it came out. Ahead of it's time, allot of the game mechanics it invented are now standard for first person games. And with the Steam version being updated to run solidly on modern systems, this plays like its a few years old not the hidden gem from 1999 it is.The graphics hold it back, the model and textures look very dated but the games atmosphere is so well crafted that it doesn't hurt the experience. And this game has atmosphere. This is not the flashlight in a dark hospital school of modern horror games. SS2 makes it's monsters feel like a real force in a real world. A walk around disaster movie. With guns. And cyborgs!The real beauty of SS2, what earns it it's £6 price tag, is it's story. No mission logs or quest markers here. Tasks are driven by the story and coloured by a host of well written fully voiced characters. Right from the start your hooked in, desperate to survive with the key to your survival (and the bigger mystery of what exactly is going on) always feeling like its just through the next airlock.If you like games like Bio Shock, Half-life & Dead Space you can't go wrong with this game. Buckle up hacker, this is gonna be one hell of a ride."
,Recommended,238210,30582523,Posted: 17 March,all,Bobbleplx,OMG play it it's ♥♥♥♥ing great
76561197995957920,Recommended,238210,8495217,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Action Behring Bronson,"Obviously quite dated technically but still extremely immersive. Creeping around the game's corridors, left without the kind of coddling guidance modern games tend to have, gives you that tense, eeriee feeling you got watching Alien for the first time."
76561197995449416,Recommended,238210,8495566,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Wannacookie753,this game is the bomb diggity
,Recommended,238210,7569754,"Posted: 4 November, 2013",all,Eco Chocolatcchi,"While other ""classic"" premodern games such as Half-life and Deus Ex feel very dated which dims their kickassery, System Shock 2's steam release feels like a modern indie game, although with actual ambition in story telling. I never played this game at all before 2010 but a rush of protonostalgia came over just hearing shodan's voice, which obviously inspired GladOS in a few ways or another. Many people say that Bioshock is the descendant of System Shock, Bioshock felt very spartan in gameplay, as SS2 gives you options of weapons (Half-Life playstyle), hacking (Deus Ex playstyle) and the most unique psy, which has a whole variety of unique high risk/high reward powers that were missing in Bioshock, as with plasmids I felt like I was just hurling different versions of the same attack at my enemies. Now I don't have a ♥♥♥♥ing clue what led to the general Paradigm shift in game settings, but I think a few more games set in space or with a genre-mash set in space (a la Cowboy Bebop) could spice up the medival RPG and 'Middle Eastern Conflict between America and Insurgents/Russia/SovietBlock neorussian confedarcy (SBNC) or whatever COD:Ghost entails.10/10"
,Recommended,238210,8816686,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,MogMogorich,"It is good, indeed."
,Recommended,238210,8817280,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,baddreamunit,"Buy it. Seriously, buy it and play it. It's one of the best games I've ever played and it always will be. No modern game can come close to the level of suspense, atmosphere, terror and severity that this game brings through its ambient sound, horrifying enemies and fantastic level design. BUY!"
76561198080851981,Recommended,238210,8826537,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Chloe Price: Human Disaster,"You know that one game called Dead Space? You know how it felt totally original and new? Well it wasn't. In fact, Dead Space is a blatant and unapologetic rip-off of this masterpiece, System Shock 2. This game is why we have the Bioshock and Deus Ex series. This game innovated FPS gameplay and storytelling, but unfortunately, not enough people know about it, instead sticking to the plagiaristic Dead Space. *Sigh..."
,Recommended,238210,8832121,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Janitor,"Bare-bones, old-school and awesome. Reminiscent of playing through Half-Life... clunky game graphics and an outdated combat system that is still enjoyable because the aesthetic of the game environment is a perfect image of a great storyline."
76561197992118582,Recommended,238210,8689538,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Morta,"Without the proper mods this game shows it's age, but still one of the most atmospheric games that tells an intriguing story.If you like bioshock this is the older, cooler sister. Get the mods to update the graphics and this game will wow you with many innovations that we take for granted today. a sleek and organic story telling style that never feels forced while still keeping you interested in discovering what happened to your shipmates.If you haven't played this, you need to!"
76561198014207484,Recommended,238210,8565210,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Drash the Implier,"Space. Mutants. Mechs. Psy powers. Guns.  This is a game that has all of these aspects and more. to quickly summerixe the plot you are a soldier who has been assigned to a sort of starship with experimental lightspeed engines. after waking from some sort of stasis pod, you realise that most of the crew have undergone certan changes, and now want you dead. So grab your Cyber rig, beam rapier and pistol and prepare your self for the military posting you won't likely forget."
,Recommended,238210,960160,"Posted: 17 September, 2013",all,Core,"One of the best science fiction thrillers out there, and it's as old as can be. Don't let the dated engine scare you, this is one of the most influential and best sci-fi multi-genre games out there. In-depth RPG character progression, deep, involving storyline and thrills and chills galore. Get System Shock 2 today! There'd probably have been no Bioshock series, if not for this game. DO IT! DO IT NAHW!"
76561197974499028,Recommended,238210,8499297,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,jazzbot,"One of the best games ever, yes i know this is a big statement , but for the depth of game play , fps/rpg its a must play and purchase. truly a classic now and always.This game is obviously looking old now, when it comes to graphics but is a great game to play, especially for the price it can be purchased for ...... dont run they will hear you!!!!!!"
76561198055629534,Recommended,238210,8500982,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Chicken_Wang,"System Shock 2 is seriously my all time favorite RPG right next to Morrowind if I ever had a top 10 list and here is why. So I've heard about System Shock 2 practically my whole life, but I never played it until 2 years ago because I thought it was just another one of those overrated ""classics"" that I would be disappointed in. And man was I wrong there...System Shock II is an RPG FPS game and it's seriously the most atmospheric games I've played. They NAILED the atmosphere in this game perfectly. Also, the game gives you the choice to play the way YOU want. Want to be an awesome hacker? go ahead. Want to be a pro in gun handling? How about low-gravity pro? Go ahead. Prefer stealth over going in gun's blazing, go ahead. This is a RPG so player choice is to be expected but man, this game is really strict on you leveling up. You level up not by killing stuff, but by finding things called Cyber Modules which you can use to buy points for your skills, and these ARE NOT easy to find, so spend them wisely. You can also purchase stuff from vending machines that will help you. The story at first is a bit confusing as you first go through ""Training"" as you read the narratives of your time learning your three selected skills over a span of three years, and then you are suddenly dropped on a decaying space ship. This is where it's up to you to discover the story or not by PDA pick ups throughout the game that I listened too because they are actually really cool. Here is a short summary: You're about to embark on the most ""historical"" mission in humanity when suddenly things go wrong because of the evil AI Shodan who wants to eliminate the entire human race. And yes, she is the cause of everything and she is wayy scarier than GLaDOS will ever be. System Shock II gives you a sense of desperation as ammo is not only scarce, but the enemies are much more powerful than you and this game does a great job of making you feel as useless as a spoon trying to hammer a nail into wood.Now to be fair, this game is old, so the graphics to some of you may not be appealing, but to me, I am in love with the graphics because for a game of it's time, it had some seriously good graphics and the people who made this did a really good job of making a believeable space craft that's slowly decaying as zombies, twisted turrents, monkeys who apparently know magic, ETC. take over. The lighting of the ship from bright to some areas to dark in others, to green in radiated places is really attractive to me and I love it. Be prepared to be face though with random explosions that make you feel like an extra in a Michael Bay film though...the ship is HUGEEE by the way. And it gives you a sense of exploration in such a damp and cramped area. This adds plenty of immersion to the game and makes you feel as if you are actually apart of it. The soundtrack is very creepy yet awesome! Some parts play some really sweet techno, but then it soon switches from Head-banging and foot-tapping to eerie and scary. Who would have thought that the sound of computer monitors beeping and the sound of a ship slowly drifting into space could be so terrifying as you hear zombies or ""Hybrids"" taunt you as you hide.Looking at this game as a weak FPS is the wrong way of looking at it, because, like I said, this is an RPG at heart that encourages you to explore every nook and cramped area of this massive ship so you can survive. This game is one of the best horror games to this day as well. Believe me, without spoiling the experience for you, lets just say that you are gonna be jumping out of your seat a lot if you're walking down a space corridor and the security system goes off...The enemies look very scary and itimidating and the sounds some of the zombies make is...well disturbing at best. Sometimes, when you hit a zombie, they will scream ""Kill me"" in a very disturbing voice and it makes you feel uneasy at best.And lastly, the gameplay itself is outstanding. BUT, be prepared to be saving and dying A LOT because these enemies have no remorse or mercy for you at all. Don't ever underestimate any of the enemies in this game because those zombies with metal pipes are not only frightening but are very dangerous. Hell, even those puny little monkeys WILL kick your♥♥♥♥♥if you don't have a gun on you. And the AI is pretty good and they act well...real. If zombies don't see you, they will taunt for you to come out saying things like ""We will find you"" and if they see you and your out of ammo or have no weapons at all, RUN! The AI does a really good job of defending themselves too, zombies will actually jump back sometimes if you are about to swing at them and then clobber you on the head and make you lose half your health. You can also discover a lot of the story in System Shock II by listening to PDA pick-ups you find. Some of these are actually needed to progress in the game without a walkthrough and others are quite interesting and reveals more of the story than you think and it makes the world of System Shock all the more believeable. My only complaint is the ending battle with Shodan...it sucks and it almost makes all the troubles you had to go through all throughout the entire game seem not really worth it. And the ending is somewhat comedical but is also weird considering how dark and twisted the world of System Shock II actually is.That about it for System Shock II, a much improved sequel over it's first game. I played this game a lot 2 years ago and buying it again on Steam to play it again was very much worth it which proves that this game also has high replay value!!! I hope this long review helps you decide wether you will like this or not. System Shock II is a must play before you die for sure! And the best part is I only covered half the stuff in this game during this review. There is wayyy more for you to discover in this game that I'm afraid I couldn't fit into a review or otherwise it would be way too long a read. So pick up System Shock II today and let Shodan take over your computer. I'm sure her company will please you..."
,Recommended,238210,442284,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,peternied,"System shock 2 still awesome.  Just played through again for the 8th? time.  No reason that there will not be a 9th.  Classic horror, that still gives me the goosebumps."
76561197965945330,Recommended,238210,8860341,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Doctor Go-Go,"I was around during this game's realease, but I missed it during it's time. I played some of it but very little of it. So when I saw it on STEAM I had to grab it. I must say.. for as old-school as it is... I LIKE IT!  Tons of fun, very creative.During it's time it was very unique.. Probably one of the titles that inspired much of modern game design, but there isn't much to say now. Too bad I missed it during it's time."
,Recommended,238210,8898945,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Stoux,"You'll have to get over the fact that you're looking at huge polygons. Once you've done that, you'll have a great (and scary) gaming experience."
,Recommended,238210,6299281,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,Greedie King Cobra,"Bioshock before Bioshock, a must have horror title!Just like Deus Ex or other well known RPGs, this game allows you to upgrade your character's abilities through the use of ""cybernetic modules"" (which can be very hard to come by), allowing your character to become the ultimate soldier! Your stationed on the Von Braun, a spacecraft on an expedition, when suddenly the main AI, Xerxes, becomes corrupt and unleashes the ship's security to elminate all of the crew. Also, an alien race known as The Many have also infected any surviving crew mates and are stationed everywhere aboard the ship. Will you survive given the tools you acquire?*The best experience is to download the mod pack here:http://neutralx2.com/2013/07/14/system-shock-2-mod-packfor upgraded textures, figures, and sounds. I highly recommend installing these and playing the game in the dark with headphones on.*"
,Recommended,238210,360176,"Posted: 10 May, 2013",all,kn0r^ViNk,"Together with System Shock 1, Deus Ex and Thief, these games are probably some of the best and most enganging (FPS) games ever made(and in System Shock's 2 case, the most terrifying game).While the Bioshock games are great, they can not hold a candle to the greatness that is System Shock 2.You owe it to yourself as a gamer to play this game.Steam/GoG, what is taking System Shock 1 so long?"
,Recommended,238210,358169,"Posted: 18 May, 2013",all,rooster,"A pre-cursor to Bioshock, and to some extent Deus Ex; it's one of the best FPS/RPGs ever made, and also a hell of a survival horror at the same time.Get it. Play it. Love it."
,Recommended,238210,3237670,"Posted: 11 May, 2013",all,Zplendid Zinatra,"For anyone that enjoyed any of the ""Bioshock"" games, here is the predecessor for it! A magnificent game for it´s time (late 90´s/early 00´s) story written by the same as the other Bioshock games, the one and only Ken Levine!System Shock is a winner of many awards during the year of it´s release and is still today counted as one of the best games ever made.6,99/9,99 is totally worth it for this trip of nostalgia!A game with good graphics is not necessarily good, a game with old is perhaps so..."
76561198106588886,Recommended,238210,7516296,"Posted: 29 October, 2013",all,SGT Wiggly,Fun and cheap. Bioshock with rpg elements. Plus you can make money off the trading cards
,Recommended,238210,8944756,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,glenfx,This has been one of my most favorite games of all times even if it feels a bit outdated it is still a joy to play. Combine it with the Rebirth mod and you'll enjoy it for a long time.
,Recommended,238210,1472708,"Posted: 13 July, 2013",all,Shibiririreruwa,Little Ones need lots of meat to grow big and strong.
,Recommended,238210,3075784,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,Yoshimo / NoGameNoLife,"This is THE FIRST game i bought in a store - not from a yah har har pirate, not downloaded from old shool lan common folder - bought in store. Ah the memories i have with this, i remember me and two of my buds siting 3 of us after dark and we were scared ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of this game. This is what bioshock aspired to and failed miserably. This is the perfect combination of FPP/RPG/Sci-Fi in one SCARRY package - do instal latest mods for graphics when you get this marvel."
,Recommended,238210,9144737,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,"two pair, the one of a kind guy",this is probably a good gamestory seemed alrightbut those monkeysall those monkeys
,Recommended,238210,9835708,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Nass,One of the BEST games ever!!!
,Recommended,238210,9836182,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,HellFire Red,"Classic game, everyone should try it."
,Recommended,238210,9837671,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Matical.,"Great game!I hadnt played this until recently, so the nostalgia wasnt a thing!But given a few graphical mods to ease out the age a little, for those who havent played it back in the day.It makes for a great game overall!Tons of fun with a friend too."
,Recommended,238210,392278,"Posted: 13 May, 2013",all,Subv1sa,Best game ever.
76561198046030450,Recommended,238210,7636258,"Posted: 11 November, 2013",all,Completely Erect HD Remaster,"Despite the dated graphics, this game is an example of atmospheric horror done right. Eerie from the moment you step onboard the Von Braun, the game is worth the price and the time to play it through, even with the aged feel of some of its elements."
76561198012570460,Recommended,238210,10559502,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Teddielicious,pretty cool game
,Recommended,238210,10582417,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Revenant,"Look at you, hacker. A pathetic creature of meat and bone. Panting and sweating as you run through my corridors. How can you challenge a perfect immortal machine?There are three kinds of gamer, Those who haven't played System Shock 2, those who didn't complete System Shock 2, and those who did manage to perform the damn near impossible.I am in that latter category, and I deserve a ♥♥♥♥ing prize, because I pulled it off back in 2002, and it's not gotten any easier.System Shock 2 is set forty-two years after the events of the original, and is a shining example of FPS-RPG done correctly, and valid candidate for the greatest game sequel of all time.The game is if you hadn't figured, incredibly difficult, and if you plan to breeze through it, you're going to dealt the bloodiest nose you've ever had.Three years ago, you decided to enlist in the UNN, In either the Navy, the Marines, or the O.S.A, This is your fourth year, and you were assigned to the UNN Rickenbacker, a ship piggybacking with the Von Braun, mankind's first FTL ship on it's maiden voyage.A few months into this journey, for reasons unknown to yourself, you wake up in a cryo-tube, with the foul smell of death in the air, feeling like you've got the worst hangover of all time, with all kinds of technology lodged into your brain, it doesn't take long for you to realise that something has gone very wrong indeed.That's enough foreshadowing, let's talk functionality.The graphics have the 90s problem of early 3D, everything looks like a polygon with textures thrown onto it, this can be fixed with mods, and I may write a guide with my own recommendations, but that's for another time.Right from the get-go there are problems with the controls, and a lot of problems at that, because rebinding the controls can break other things, so you might want to look up a guide before playing, that's the issue with rushed games, you can blame Electronic Arts for that.If you're still here after all that, I do recommend the game, It's pretty damn good, if not a bit broken."
,Recommended,238210,10584881,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,MrSlackPants,"One of the best games ever made. And certainly one that's in my all time top 3.I remeber playing this game years ago, I was scared to go on, but I still wanted to go on to find out what happened to the ship you're on.A game that does everything right, with one of the best villains ever."
,Recommended,238210,9992841,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Paulie Gualtieri,spooky
,Recommended,238210,1852239,"Posted: 14 May, 2013",all,santrs,"11/10, ♥♥♥♥ you space Monkeys."
76561197990075035,Recommended,238210,7588597,"Posted: 6 November, 2013",all,Shambling GoatMother,If you like chilling sci-fi this game is ♥♥♥♥in killer brahhh gnarleyyyy charlie maaaaannVROOOOOOOOMMMMMMM
,Recommended,238210,1814245,"Posted: 11 May, 2013",all,LuijiIiIiIiIiIiii,Really awesome game! I can recommend this game to anyone but graphic♥♥♥♥♥s.. it's as old as Half Life 1.. but the game still looks catchy. It offers you an intense atmosphere and can be really scary. the storyline is good tooAll in all this game is just addicting and one of the best sci-fi/horror/rpg-shooter/-games#♥♥♥♥♥♥ english yo
76561198079833616,Recommended,238210,10659211,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,The Wonka,"I played SS2 'back then' and loved it ... nothing has changed!The atmosphere, the game play and the story are awesome. when you invest some time, you can add graphic mods, so it doesn't look 'that outdated' anymore. but even w/o such goodies, it's still a great game.It has to be said though, that it's not a Doom-like shooter where you have almost unlimited ammo and your goal is it to kill tons of enemies. it's a survival game, where you have limited powers. you can choose between different skills, which it makes 'RPG-like'. you also need to upgrade/repair your weapons, so you really have to think, what you do with your resources.The only thing i regret, is putting it on my wish list and waited for a sale, so i can save a few bucks (instead of buying it for 'full price', which is it worth)."
,Recommended,238210,497670,"Posted: 5 August, 2013",all,Cpt. Poontang Soap MacTavish,"bioshock's the little sister, deus ex is the big daddy, and system shock is Andrew Ryan"
,Recommended,238210,10215355,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,You fucking pizza-eatin' GPS,"Game from youth, love it. Voice acting is top-notch, love the little bits of story you pick up along the way. The final level and boss fight was disappointing though."
76561198065211639,Recommended,238210,10225330,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Chosen Undead,"This is one of those ""grandpa games."" A game that stands above the rest and has aged wonderfully. To this day, many games use it's mechanics and elements and you can clearly see where Bioshock and it's sequels got it's inspiration. Luckily, the difficulty is blasted into Mach III relative to the Bioshocks. Ammo is sparse, the guns are made of wood, you die very easily, and the world is hostile and brutal. The good thing is, when you die, you're most likely going to blame yourself rather than the game, considering how smooth movement and combat is. This game is a must have. RPG-done-properly/10 fun/10 loved it."
76561198047999022,Recommended,238210,10687765,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Jessica,"The original game was a cult classic and still is, however it is rather hard to play due to it being DOS based.The second game picks up 4 decades after the original game left off, you pick from 3 different military paths with each giving you different stat boosts based on your mission choices. The graphics may be aged for today's standards but they do give you a feeling of fear, awe and wonder as you turn around that next corner only to find a zombie with a shotgun or a turret blasting you in the face with minigun rounds.Pros:You get a wrench to smash enemies with.Later on you get a lazer sword, Psi blade and Power Armor.A choice of stats at the begining of the game, depending on player desision.A gripping, suspense filled game experience.You get guns, even big guns and even a grenade launcher.You can have Psionic Powers which are badass.Cons:Limited Inventory Space untill you find upgrades which can be hard to find.You will usually come across locked doors or crates or need psionic powers that you don't have to get loot or ammo.You have very limited ammo.Psionic Powers have a limit and you can hurt yourself with prolonged use (Burnout)On Hard or Impossible, enemies can one shot you.Pros and Cons aside, the game is cyberpunk awesomeness and everyone who is a sci-fi or a horror fan should consider getting this game."
76561198050928471,Recommended,238210,10575374,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,macaroniman,"After playing through this game, I've been left to wonder. Why is it that such an old title, with outdated graphics and such simple AI, is by far more stress inducing and more terrifying than most current horror games? Seriously, this game had me terrified as I ran around trying to determine whether or not it was safe for me to try opening up my inventory to repair my weapons. The enemies are a constant threat, as most of them will respawn indefinately, so there is always some voice screaming in your ear, and you'll have no way to gauge where it's coming from. Weapons have a degredation system, and slowly break down with use, so you'll find yourself either throwing weapons away constantly, sticking to the few weapons that don't degrade, or scanning the area frantically for maintenance tools and working on your repair skill. SHODAN and the Many as the two primary antagonists are absolutely fantastic, and will fascinate, terrify, and aggrivate you throughout the game.If there was anything that I had any real problem with, it would be the AI, as enemy patterns are incredibly easy to figure out, and there are some real simple tricks in certain areas to prevent them from attacking at all, (although I won't say what they are), but the need to explore should get you past that issue, and quite frankly, the AI, despite being now quite old, is still leagues better than some other fps and horror games I've played.I seriously recommend this one, as it is by far a true gaming masterpiece and classic. Play it! PLAY i-it Noooowww Meat."
,Recommended,238210,965299,"Posted: 19 July, 2013",all,Aqua Ilu,A real classic. FPS-RPG way ahead of its time.
76561198059896926,Recommended,238210,10579476,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Bolt,"Ripped to pieces by a psychotic cyborg woman, before being blown up by a suicide robot, all while being attacked by a swarm of angry bees.15/10 would be spooked again."
76561198052479633,Recommended,238210,11050639,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Gaoky,"If you've ever enjoyed the likes of BioShock, Dead Space, Deus Ex or Fallout 3, then you owe it to yourself to play this game. The graphics are quite dated now but there are graphical mods out there if you really can't stand it.Unlike games nowadays that are leaning more towards action than RPG, this game focuses more towards the RPG side. Highly immersive atmosphere and great customization on skills and abilities.IMO one of the best, if not the best, First-Person RPG game ever made."
,Recommended,238210,11057071,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,BlackViperOfDeath,"This is an AMAZING game with a story that is vast and honestly more than I expected out of a 1999 video game. I had read that this game is the spiritual predecessor to Bioshock, and I can definately see resemblances here and there. It has a sort of RPG element, where you can raise your stats, weapon abilities, psionic powers, and skills such as hacking. There are no levels per se, but sections that you slowly gain access to.About the only faults I can say about the game is that towards the end, there is a lot of back-and-forth travelling you need to do, it's not always clear where you're supposed to go, and I did run into some slightly bad AI at times. It is an old game, so graphics might also be on the list of faults, but I honestly didn't care about the slightly improved 1999 look.Again, the story is amazing, it'll last you a long time if you look around like I did, and the environment was interesting. I only wish they'd remake the game with today's technology!"
76561198035953333,Recommended,238210,11023782,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,[F|H] Dansolo,"Played this game because it was recommened as similar to Deus Ex. Enjoyed it (and completed it) but it's no where near as good as DE in my opinion.Still worth checking out as it has some nice game mechanics and design. Also quite a lot of tension and enemies that give you a good jump now and then :)Disliked the fact that enemies would continue to appear in places you went back to (there is a LOT of backpeddling in this game because you miss so much♥♥♥♥♥♥. Also weapons degrade at a stupidly fast rate, it was like my pistol was made from lead and kept getting deformed. Also ammo is too rare.For the price I got it in the Summer sale - a good buy, worth trying."
76561198071245393,Recommended,238210,13778934,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Baron O' Beards,AMAZING AS ♥♥♥♥ITY ♥♥♥♥
76561198102918717,Recommended,238210,13704893,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,jgpliska,"Great game , really good story . at first i hated the controls but  over likw2 days of playingit they are now my favorite pc controls. If you liked bioshock you will love this but this game is more diverse."
76561198072950516,Recommended,238210,13731523,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Polish Weiners (͠≖ ͜ʖ͠≖),"A great sci-fy horror game. Intense story, great RPG experience. if you love sci-fy, horror, RPGs, or in general FPS games, you will more than likely enjoy this."
76561198131167441,Recommended,238210,13722695,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,loganbsorrell,"This game is AWESOME!!!!! Recommended to fans of: Bioshock, Fallout and Dead Space! This game is those 3 fracnhises parent!"
,Recommended,238210,13562063,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Rumbletoad,"10/10would ""Nah"" again"
,Recommended,238210,13559965,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Lany,"Played as a O.S.A. AgentForgot to add at least one point into firearms/hacking so I at least have an emergency method to save myselfGot ♥♥♥♥ed everytime I encountered something10/10, Would still rather ♥♥♥♥ a porcupine instead of being an O.S.A Agent again"
,Recommended,238210,13576144,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,jake,Best laxative made in the 90s :P11/10 for people with constipation
76561198121314563,Recommended,238210,14477391,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Serenity,Get this game for the following reasons:1. Magnificent soundtrack2. Consuming atmosphere3. Cheap price4. SHODAN and her lovely commentaries5. Xerxes and his poetry and Elvis Presley songs6. Monkeys. Everyone loves monkeys7. A robot dancing Macarena
,Recommended,238210,14508248,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Enkazadas The Conquistador,It's pretty okay
76561198083003792,Recommended,238210,14602426,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,wind.oleg,"Perfect example of the excellent sci-fi horror.It is addictive, it has the atmosphere, and it doesn't treat you like an idiot (most of the modern games do).The only flaw is a bit clumsy controls, but after a while you get used to them."
,Recommended,238210,9201157,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Bloody Eye,The best wrench simulator I've ever played.
,Recommended,238210,1820825,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,cs.money LOOT.Farm CSGO500,"Ancestor of Bioshock series. And this is the case, when the old thing is better than new one."
,Recommended,238210,13863142,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Super Speth,"The first thing I did in this game was instinctively crouch-hop back over the fence of the subway tram, which was at a tempting, easter egg sort of height. I was disappointed to find no  monochrome, low res picture of one of the developers or their wife or dog somewhere in the darkness of that untextured, forbidden hallway. A missed opportunity. Otherwise this game rules."
76561197973603026,Recommended,238210,13914834,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,markbrownlie,STILL FRUSTRATINGLY BRILLIANT. TRIED AND TRIED TO GET MY ORIGINAL COPY TO RUN ON WIN 7. WHY BOTHER.CHEERS STEAM
76561198175487547,Recommended,238210,14413178,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,concentrations,Although the graphics are pretty dated this game is way ahead of its time. I never thought i would find a game that puts me on edge as much as dead space. BUY IT.
,Recommended,238210,14392942,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,☭ CykaBlin ☭,"It feels strange writing a review for an almost 16 year old game, and everyone else has already said what a masterpeice it is, so I'll keep this review short. Everything about this game is amazing and near perfection, and if you like Bioshock or Thief or really any RPS/Horror game, then you will most definitely enjoy it. I would recommend listening to the top rated review and turn off the music, as well as installing the mod packs if you don't like the original look/You have a high-end display. One last thing is that, for some reason, the cutscenes didn't play for me. Talking to other people, they said either it was because the codec messed up while playing the game, Windows Media Player screwed it up, or it is simply because the game was made for 9x systems and I am playing it on Windows 7 (NT). If this happens to you, I guess you could just watch them on Youtube or play them from the Cutscenes folder (C:\Program Files\Steam\SteamApps\common\ss2\cutscenes). I also encountered one or two small bugs, like an invincible spider, but nothing too extreme or game breaking."
,Recommended,238210,4119887,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,VaasYanovich,ТРЕУГОЛЬНЫЕ ЛИЦА.
76561198030083141,Recommended,238210,9835221,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,nofu,8/10
,Recommended,238210,14398173,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Panzermonium,"This is truly an amazing game from start to finish. Despite it's age, it still manages to be a deep and engaging gameplay experience which influenced the horror genre as a whole since it's release. It is a cult classic which failed to sell as well as it deserved when it was first released, but those that did buy into it at the time almost unanimously agreed that it was a great experience.While the gameplay is admittedly more clunky than most modern games, it still functions well and doesn't have too steep of a learning curve, allowing for relative ease of use. The only real drawback in this regard being it's rather odd default control bindings which will doubtlessly be very uncomfortable for anyone used to modern controls. For all I know, they may even be unusual by the standards of the time in which it was released. This issue is easiy solved by going through the controls and rebinding them to your liking. I most definitely did this.It's atmosphere is incredibly well-maintained, never breaking and remaining consistent throguhout the game. The events occuring within the game are somewhat plausible too, and don't feel entirely impossible, further adding to the dread that it will instill into those who play it. The game's ""fear-factor"" doesn't lie in producing outright terror in those that play it, but rather in gradually exposing the player to increasingly disturbing events and revealing the backstory regarding how these events took place over time through the use of audio logs. Needless to say, it was this game that popularized the use of audio logs and many other elements in the BioShock games.All in all, it's an amazing game that you should most definitely check out if you have the moeny for it. And be sure to look up mods for it. They can really polish the game up and make it all that much more enjoyable."
76561197960341717,Recommended,238210,14435130,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Sunday Pradi,"This game still makes its stand among current ones. Gameplay is fenomenal. Don't be one of those ""But the graphics suck"" people, play it. Its not something that you will regret!"
,Recommended,238210,17880830,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Gorgon Freeman,One of my favorite games from my childhood and will always have a special place in my heart. It was very unique when it came out and a pioneer for these types of games.
76561198066941646,Recommended,238210,17899037,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,JewManFu,10/10 would get spooked by a robot jihad again
,Recommended,238210,17923165,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,JigMod Vanilla Latte,"Played this gem finally after hearing about its glory all these years and its influence on Bioshock, one of my favorite games of all time. I have to say I prefer the atmosphere and setting, story etc... But the first time I tried playing thru I struggled. This game is grueling, no hands holding whatsoever. Some of the mechanics have not aged well but this game is so damn charasmatic I kind of enjoy its old ways. Once I tried to play again a few months later I was forced to research a good character build, some other specifics, etc. This brought me back to the age in video games where the challenge was so great sometimes you did have to look up certain things. Now a days game are so easy I find myself beating them no guide necessary. I'm on the last deck and now I certainly see why this is hailed as one of the greatest and most influencial games of all time. Its held up so well that you wouldn't even believe its from 1999. GET THIS GAME ITS $5, IF YOU DONT WANT TO PUT DOWN $5 FOR THIS CLASSIC THEN WHAT ARE YOU DOING WITH YOUR SAD MISERABLE LIFE, INSECT."
76561198144638488,Recommended,238210,17923423,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,XEaSeDX,"Im speechless, 11/10 no dought"
76561198025166077,Recommended,238210,16510374,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,winsomeVulpine,"Old, clunky, ugly, bad voice acting, weapons that break if you look at them wrong, and no sense of balanced gameplay.  A true classic in every respect."
,Recommended,238210,16631574,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,R.I.P. nootnoot,This is a GREAT game for all you people who like the survival horror genre!
,Recommended,238210,13958043,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Destin,"It's old, It's good.Buy it !"
76561198165791211,Recommended,238210,14138348,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,assrocky,"This is without a doubt one of the greatest titles I have ever played. Being a big fan of the original Bioshock, I felt the need to go back and play it's ""spiritual"" predecessor. I knew coming in that the game was probably going to have some hinderances based on the fact that it is an old-school game but I have to say, I can't really find anything here that I would consider a major hinderance. It's fairly paced, heavy sci-fi, and immersive. I want to focus on that last one for a little bit. What makes this game immersive is the level of interaction you have within the game: actuallly being involved with the research process by looking for chemicals, having to find the right OS board and installing it, manually putting in power cells; it's these little things that really put you in the game.Although the game overall is great, there are a few issues here and there. The combat is ok, althought the melee is a little BS with how slow your swing is, that problem goes away once you find the laser rapier aka System Shock's lightsaber :). Gun degradation is way too fast, but works for the survival horror angle that the game takes. There isn't much reason for you to even focus on your psy abilities, although this might just be because of my own personal playing style. Most of the voice acting is laughable: cheesy accents and lines, one scientist sounds more like a stoned surfer dude than a scientist. Dr. Polito is the only one who seems to give a good performance.The twist is classic but if you know anything about the game, you probably know what it is already."
,Recommended,238210,14132801,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,thatjosh,"What is a drop of rain, compared to the storm? What is a thought, compared to the mind? Our unity is full of wonder which your tiny individualism cannot even conceive."
76561198077942975,Recommended,238210,14148146,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Tkrisz1981,"This is one of the greatest and underrated PC games. It is similar to  Dead Space, Bioshock, Deus Ex - all the others stem from SS2 and it's no surprise why. The gameplay is superior to SS1 and the sound and voice acting are some of, if not the best I have ever heard back in 1999. Great gameplay, great story, nice graphics, great soundtrack, great atmosphere, uncanningly amazing voice acting. The player models are a bit ""ugh"" for todays standards, but aside from that the graphics are quite good for the time it was released. (can be patched to look better)Character building is balanced, essentially requires enough thought and planning to satisfy RPG fanatics without being inaccessible to fans of the more arcade style FPS lovers. The interface is clean, informative and functional. Each item has a complete text file attached giving its history, stat requirements and method of use, giving a sense of depth to the System Shock universe and even filling many story gaps from the previous game SS1. The storyline is rich, detailed and full of the kind of incidental information. As mentioned , each and every item, from weapons and health items and other stuff have their own lovingly crafted place in the overarching plot of the System Shock world. Gameplay is closely linked to the main story and follows as a direct sequel to the original game in a manner that would make most script writers embarrassed of their work and this is an old 1999 game!Highly recomended if you like horror and scpi-fi like FPS with RPG elemnts!"
76561198009859043,Recommended,238210,13533946,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,ninja2000,GLORY TO THE MANY!
76561198010938140,Recommended,238210,13431267,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Rockbuddy9,was playing at 5 amwas tired as ♥♥♥♥dark as ♥♥♥♥ outsidelook out windowcan barely see 10 feet out because of foglooks back at screenhybridalt f410/10 would dry clean poop stained pants again.
76561198074003383,Recommended,238210,13432940,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Wolfrider,What a game! I had played ist all those years ago. With the available MODs it is good on modern systems. Playing it now I was fascinated again. To me it appears quite difficult but I could enjoy it fully with the help of some cheats. The story and atmosphere of the game are phenomenal. Sci-fi at its best!
,Recommended,238210,13439113,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Escargot_of_Doom,"Fought way through mutants, security mechs, turrets and cyborg midwives - get killed by lobotomised monkey10/10"
76561198129852723,Recommended,238210,13442542,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,theloltroll,"The Music ruins the experience, it tricks you into believing your brave and strong and wont be ground into a happy meal by a turret"
,Recommended,238210,13570907,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,SpookyDiaboliC,"Haven't played too much, but its well worth paying for. The game feels a lot like thief, for obvious reasons. AAAAND, you must pay attention to lots of terminals, it is easy to get lost in this game if you have no clue what to do, good ol games."
,Recommended,238210,15844557,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,surge7,"If you to get yourself past of old graphics and pretty challenging game mechanics. This game will grip you and not let go until very end. Dead Space, Bioshock are look dim and simplified near SS2.Story is immerse and deep. Action is astonishing. And survival is on fingertips.Thanks to fans for graphics extensions and guides."
,Recommended,238210,16226588,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Ilgaz,Nostalgia
76561198035779203,Recommended,238210,16450716,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,derelictgamer,"Provided you can look past ye olde timey papier mache graphics, System Shock 2 still holds up and can still rattle nerves. Whether your taste steers towards patient, psychologically infused torment or ADD addled jump scare-addict mayhem, you'll find plenty to gnaw away at your courage amidst the cyberpunk inspired, body-horror infested hallways of the starship Von Braun. I could laud the wonderfully written, if blandly acted characters whose final moments you pick up from audio files (done properly before this became such a staple horror game cliche); or the flailing grotesqueries that line up with differing, challenging tactics to test your trigger hungry nerves as you calculate how much carefully scavanged ammo a moment's piece is worth. Yet the true value of System Shock 2 comes from it's unrivaled sound design (courtesy of Eric Brosius): Giant spiders hiss like an unravelling nest of cockroaches while cyber-midwives clunk and plod with every agonized step. Shodan, specifically, will find permanent residence in your nightmares as a godhood-seeking mad computer that dreams humanity trapped in unending, surrealist torture to service sadism incarnate. (this will be your one and only ALLY)The game does have short-commings. I wouldn't bother experimenting with RPG elements and upgrades as many builds will leave you crippled and frustrated. (Find a GameFAQ and just let it plan your build for you) The complex menu screens will be clunky to those not initiated in old-PC game interfaces. Weapon degradation is an uncreative and unnecessary bother you'll have to add to your survivalist anxieties. Oh, and of course, you'll have to properly map the navigation keys if you don't want to rotate clockwise every time you press the right arrow key. Look past this and you'll find even the blocky graphics add to the surrealist aesthetic to one of Ken Levine's most enduring masterpieces."
,Recommended,238210,23692015,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Gospel,"I didn't play this game up until a few years ago, but even with its dated graphics and punishing gameplay I still enjoyed it more than nearly any other game I have ever played. I would easily put this game in my top 5 games along with Half-Life. Please don't let the dates graphics scare you away, this game is as good as people say it is and worth experiencing."
76561198051449953,Recommended,238210,23480416,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,SQ-MAK Sinan,1+
,Recommended,238210,23723134,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Rowsdower,"Basically you play as a space marine who has to take care of an alien infestation on the spaceship Von Braun with the help of a mysterious crew member. You can upgrade your character with Cyber Modules with four stations: Stat, Tech, Weapons, and Psi.Stat is basic stats. To use some items you need a certain stat level. For example to use armor you need a Strength level of 2. The more you increase at stat the more powerful items that rely on that stat are.Tech includes Hack, Modify, Repair, and Maintenance. Hack allows you to hack systems like shops , keypads, and turrets. Modify allows you to modify your weapons (usually the better the weapon the higher modify level you need). Repair allows you to repair weapons and item shops (keep it at 1 just in case your modified weapon completely breaks). Maintenance level determines how well you can maintain your weapons. In this game your weapons will break (and very easily). They can only be repaired with a disposable maintenance tool. How much it gets repaired with each tool is dependent on your Maintenance level and a certain software item. Maintenance is needed if you are using a weapon and it also increases the amount of charge your implants can have (BrawnBoost, SwiftBoost, etc.).There are 3 types of weapons Standard, Energy, and Exotic. I have only tried Standard because I heard that Energy weapons only work well against robotic enemies. Exotic weapons I have not touched because you get them late in the game and they require a high research level. With standard weapons you can buy armor piercing bullets to take care of robots and anti-personnel bullets to take care of organic enemies.Psi is your magic. All of the Psi powers use MP...I mean Psi points. Some cool powers include a fireball, invisibility (very useful), regeneration (brings back your health at the cost of 2 Psi Points), reduced radiation damage, and more. I will probably do a play through focusing more on Psi next time. All Psi powers require Psi points. The only way to get Psi points is through Psi Hypos. Psi has five tiers of powers. Each tier requires an initial Cyber Module cost to get the powers in said tier.The atmosphere of this game is very good. It is creepy and desolate and the audio logs tell you the story really well when initially you know little of it. The music is great too but many levels (the later ones) have no music at all.Cons:Upgrade stations might not have all the upgrades. They might have only 2 out of 4 (one had Psi and Tech only). So many times I had to go to MedSci (where you start) to upgrade my stuff.In the later levels the shops never have what you want. In the last two shops I did not find any bullets even with hacking. It is kind of annoying that the shops only have 4 items (1 of which is usually useless unless you hack to get a better item).The game gives you too many enemies even after you have cleared the level of scripted event ones. While you are trying to figure out where to go the game will give you more enemies and you will waste ammo or psi killing them.Later on in the game, your partner just mocks you rather than straight up tell you how to accomplish your task. You have to look at your notes in the later levels to see what your objective is. For example I did not know that you had to get the password for a certain door by looking at the paintings in Level 5 (I think) because she was just laughing and calling you names rather than telling you that you had to do this. I can read the notes but before she was telling me how to complete my task.There is a part where you have to buy C4 by hacking a store machine to get it. Usually every time I see a store machine the first thing I do is hack it but one guide told me not to hack it until your partner told you to do it. Forum post 4 here:https://www.systemshock.org/index.php?topic=6609.0tells you it is a game breaking glitch. I am not sure if Night Dive Studios fixed it but it is kind of annoying and if I had not seen the guide I might have had to restart the whole game.Conclusion:This is a great game despite some things I found annoying about it. I might get into action RPGs more because of this. It has a great atmosphere and the joy from upgrading my character was enough to keep me playing. It is pretty difficult so you should try it on normal or easy the first time. It is very enjoyable and me talking about the different things you can level up shows that I was very interested in it."
,Recommended,238210,16814293,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,the funkle,literally goatthe daddy of all sci-fi horror ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t that proceded it and somehow isn't recognized as suchhalf life is overrated
,Recommended,238210,30808244,Posted: 28 March,all,worst,"Intense and action packed. The game values resource management as running out of ammo and nanites (currency used for hacking, shopping, and respawns) usually signals that you're in for a bad time. But it's a hole you can get out of with persistance. I beat this game in about 10 hours, but I'm unsure of the average run time (mileage may vary)."
76561197992498441,Recommended,238210,1382523,"Posted: 26 May, 2013",all,Apocalypse [URUZ 7],"This game was released in 1999, and what can I say,  its a hell of a game,  I can say its one of the best games I ever played D: ...  400% recomanded for those who likes rpg/action xD !"
,Recommended,238210,2658898,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,iamNeo4life549,"Contains monkies shooting lasers and zombies, what more can you ask for?"
76561198072412447,Recommended,238210,6686966,"Posted: 19 May, 2013",all,johnboygillett,you know it makes sence when its co-op
76561198064248308,Recommended,238210,6344463,"Posted: 25 August, 2013",all,Queen Blartaria,uuuuuuuuuuuhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh sooo good
76561198050093947,Recommended,238210,23014327,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,High End Memes,"Top notch adventure-horror-rpg-fps. Gave me the spooks many a time, the scarcity of the resources only amplified the tension of the game"
,Recommended,238210,22985492,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,The Realism Devourer,"There have been extremely few places in video games  to have genuinely scared me. The Ocean House hotel in Vampire: The Masquerade, an otherwise relatively goofy and slightly broken RPG based on the WoD roleplaying systems. A few spoilerrific rooms in Silent Hill 2. And here. This ♥♥♥♥ing horrifying space ship. I'm arachnophobic and so modded out the spiders- and even without spiders this place is still drowning in atmosphere and genuinely one of the greastest games ever made."
76561198165731155,Recommended,238210,23001080,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,aal_of_dk,amazing
76561198027318885,Recommended,238210,23045693,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,parker_86,One of the greatest games ever made probably in my top five with the original Thief series and Hitman Blood Money a lot better than the Bioshock series and I love Bioshock!! BUY IT NOW!!!
,Recommended,238210,424096,"Posted: 13 May, 2013",all,WhiteWolf,"One of my absolute favorite games ever.  A great combination of FPS and RPG, with a vast selection of skills, limited number of points to spend in them, a few Big upgrades (16 choices, you get to pick either 2 or 3 throughout the game), a wide variety of weapons and enemies to kill with them.  An amazing story portrayed to the player through recordings left around by members of the crew.  Even better,  the graphics have been updated to fit current resolutions in addition to the old ones (Yes, 1650x1080 is supported!)  Get this game.  Get it right now.  No, stop reading this, and get the game.  WHY HAVEN'T YOU CLICKED BUY YET??"
76561197991669135,Recommended,238210,23032480,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,JC Denton,"One of the best games I have ever played. This and Deus Ex are by far the most immersive games I have played, and both left me slightly depressed after completing them, wishing they would continue on forever. The only two games to have ever done that to me."
,Recommended,238210,23337598,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,RayFinkle,"For an old game, it still manages to give me the creeps."
76561197970820180,Recommended,238210,23147594,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Gib_Omelet,"My all-time favorite. I love the atmsphere, music, and to some extent the gameplay. I was hoping the steam version had some updating like the Homeworld re-release, but it is just the same old graphics. Still had fun playing it again after all these years."
,Recommended,238210,265472,"Posted: 4 August, 2013",all,Bennybeah,Back to the days when FPS were fun and without the cursing 12 year olds
,Recommended,238210,294758,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,iiechapman,"One of the best FPS games of all time, and easily one of the scariest. Must be played co-op with friends with headphones on in the dark. SILENCE THE DISCORD"
76561198122264941,Recommended,238210,23218082,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,BonafideBarnabus,System shock 2 is one of those games where playing it twice is a no go. Because it is so epic and deep that its just kind of an effort to play again. But if you want a game with a scary atmosphere and a good plot then this game has got you covered.Pros:1: Genuinely scary with both atmosphere and SFX. (Especially those ♥♥♥♥ing spiders)2: Good En Medias Res (somewhat En Medias Res) plot with a fantastic villain.3: Deep lore.4: Interesting RPG elements.5: Tense and engaging combat.6: Complex Mechanics.Cons:1: A lot of backtraking.2: Gun Degredation. (need I say more)3: Can be really ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t hard at times (in the unfair way).4: Dying without quicksaving or finding the respawn machine will result in you returning to the main menu and having to load the autosave (which are really far apart) or the quicksave that you created.
76561198174566041,Recommended,238210,17537772,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Derby,This game is like riding a cow covered in toothpicks
76561198069083342,Recommended,238210,17545273,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Gort,"A standout gem of an old-school, FPS-RPG hybrid. This game has aged very well and I wish modern FPS would take more ideas from it."
,Recommended,238210,17550276,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,LordForeskin,This is actually the best game ever made.
,Recommended,238210,16867270,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Gera(SpookyScaryFeeding),Beat a monkey to death and gives you chips10/10
76561198100851076,Recommended,238210,16877779,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,ronwidjaja,"Definitely a granddaddy of the Bioshock series.Many of the game design element of the Bioshock series are taken from this game.And man...the main villain of this game, SHODAN is definitely memorable and I could say one of the best main villain in my gaming experience.But be warned, this game is awfully difficult! Even sometimes with cheat, things are still quite difficult!"
,Recommended,238210,2048053,"Posted: 10 June, 2013",all,The ☯ Zombie,One of the most awesome games I ever played.
76561198023981388,Recommended,238210,3512174,"Posted: 18 August, 2013",all,flightmek25,"Despite outdated graphics and sluggish FPS action, this might be the best game I have ever played. It's definately a close second to Bioshock!"
,Recommended,238210,16931883,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,nuseone,got killed by a monkey with the weirdest hitbox  10/10
76561198064419208,Recommended,238210,16936864,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Meaghan Stewart,"I was concerned that this game would have not aged very well, but when I started playing it, my god was I wrong! This game is worth every cent, it is creepy, suspenseful and the atmosphere is so tense you can cut it with a knife. The whole experience is just great, from minor details such as buying items from a replicator, to the hybrids screaming ""Run!"" before they attack you. Sure, the graphics are slightly dated, but this makes the whole game much more enjoyable in my opinion, it adds creepiness that you just can't get from many slasher games nowadays. The only gripe I have with this game is that at some points it is so difficult that it becomes frustrating and even on the easiest setting you have to replay the checkpoint about 20 times. Despite the difficulty, the game is thoroughly enjoyable and the twist in the operations sector... don't even get me started, pure classic. 8.5/10 would play again :)"
76561198006714369,Recommended,238210,16840062,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Cyber Warrior,"Holy poop, I had a blast with this one! Now I really understand those, who say That BioShock is but a frail shadow of this game? and that's coming from a BioShock fanboy!I think the best part of this game is how complex it is, you got million ways to solve any problem: upgrade yur weapon skills and kill everyone with one shot, upgrade your hacking skills and hack security so that cameras don't trigger alert and hack turrets to help you, get PSI skills to shoot energy balls from your arm or cut bad guys with PSI-sword...the possibilities are endless!Also this game is suprisingly creepy, and it doesn't depends on jumpscares to scare you."
,Recommended,238210,301993,"Posted: 8 September, 2013",all,Stalgren,"If you play this game and don't like it, we can't be friends anymore."
,Recommended,238210,6002002,"Posted: 17 September, 2013",all,El Presedente Beatus,Scared ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ within the first ten minutes. Play it!
76561198112183801,Recommended,238210,17873453,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Gublyb,"I picked it up for $1.25 on sale. I'd heard it was the spiritual predecesor to Bioshock, which I hadn't played, but was expecting an 'old and flawed' game.Colour me impressed.I didn't even realy notice the dated graphics, the atmosphere was keeping me so engrossed. After my first session I installed a large modpack and went back into the game with modern graphics and improved gameplay, and the game was made that much better. The choices, the gameplay, the atmosphere... it all struck a chord. The huge twist halfway through the game was one I genuinely never saw coming, and one you sould aim to not spoil for yourself if you intend to play the game. The three 'classes' are three completely seperate playstyles, and each has their own ideas and possiblites.The ship you explore feels brilliantly realized, a world I could see pepole living in. The tapes you find around the place only add the the eiree atmosphere, and the enemies have sent me into some genuine panics as I hid in the bathroom on three health, praying that the enemy I could hear stumbling around wouldn't find me. It came into the bathroom, moaning about how I did not belong, and as it went into the shower I came out of stall i'd been hiding in and hit it over the head with a wrench. It was one of the most heart-pounding moments of my life, and it sticks in my head to this day.So how does it stack uo today? Install a modpack and the graphics are sent back to passable standards, and the gameplay, although sightly clunky, fits well with the theme of the game. The plot, while linear like most 'shock games, is still good today. The atmosphere is amazing, one of the few games which has made me feel extreme triumph, terror and loneliness in the space of one playsession.Buy it. Play it. Enjoy it.I know I did."
76561197984674468,Recommended,238210,1024257,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,Demento,Absolulute gem. Spend some time in the community hub and and download mods for better graphics and textures.
76561197971153607,Recommended,238210,497306,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,hellvin,One of my all-time favorites.  Just get it.
,Recommended,238210,13650005,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Stephen Fry is hot,"Even after 15 years, this game seriously creeps me out"
,Recommended,238210,13344100,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,JJledzep,"See my orignal review below. I still hold on to my opninion that Steam and the developers should have this in order before selling it on steam.With this patch it will run fine on Windows 8 with modern hardware. My 4 year old laptop however (HD3400) still only runs it at about 20fps.https://www.systemshock.org/index.php?topic=4141I've changed my recommendation to Yes because it's one of the best classic shooters out there. And it runs with only installing one patch. However, the game has to be installed outside of your Program Files folder!The game is right up there with Half-Life and Quake 2. This is also a real RPG FPS, not an FPS with some RPG elements. Very good story and a very creepy game. If you feel nostalgic or want to see where modern games got there tropes, this is the game for you. Don't expect to finish it though ;) I never did.=========================================================Got it for one buck, for old times sake. But does it run properly? Nope. Three PCs I've tried it on ""Video Hardware not supported"" Ow, goody. Valve/developers, try to get some more compatibility into old games before releasing them on Steam!And yes, there are mods to address this. Like the SS2 Kolya mod. But it makes it runs at a blistering 25fps on my i5 2400, 8GB, 7950 3GB machine. And don't get me started on loading times.On the other hand, theGOG.comversion works like magic. Get that instead!"
,Recommended,238210,13340196,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Mallo,"I can't believe some of the reviews I'm reading on here... It makes me despair! Opinions are one thing, but illiterate untruths are another. No♥♥♥♥♥♥ I was the first person in the world to review System Shock 2 - for PC Zone magazine in 1999. We had the world exclusive review and I was lucky enough to get to write it. I loved it back then, and I still love it now. I'm on maybe my fifth of sixth playthrough of this game (since it first came out) and have to say that it has lost little of its power over the years - it's still a tense and rewarding experience to play even now. I think the people giving it the thumbs down on here wouldn't know a good game if it crept up behind them and bit them on the♥♥♥♥♥♥ If you don't like System Shock 2: maybe something like Candy Crush Saga might be more your kind of thing?"
,Recommended,238210,13342626,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,meshugeah,if not the best then it is one of the best shooters ever made
,Recommended,238210,13343821,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Marshal,creepy as hell
76561198046412487,Recommended,238210,13344682,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Mr. Sunshine ♥,"As a huge Bioshock fan, i just had to get that game, and so far, i am not dissapointed. since Bioshock is the spirtual successor of System Shock, they are obviously sharing same features, and they are both feeling the same in some ways. bioshock players will feel at home (although the outdated graphic is kinda annoying, but hey, we are not judgin games by the graphics, its all about the gameplay!) and the story, like the Bioshock series, is deep and thrilling. the controls are kinda.. clunky, but you'll get use to them sooner or later. all in all, its a great, hard game, and i highly recommend it! (i bought it for $0.99, seriously, a bottle of coke is more expensive... just get that game already)"
76561198052348060,Recommended,238210,13378119,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,The Forgotten Druid,"Amazing once again a game that proves that graphical power is does not = fun. Of course it would be great to see a faithful remake (HD textures, updated models, updated UI/menu art), but that would be icing. The game is hella fun even without all that . SS2 unbelievably creates an atmosphere even with 256 texture maps on everything. This game was developed by Irrational creators of Bioshock, which System Shock obviously influenced heavily. Definitely worth playing."
,Recommended,238210,13354304,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,kLogiKal,One of the best games of all time.
,Recommended,238210,13360219,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,JellHumper,2Spooky4me
76561197987509829,Recommended,238210,1134957,"Posted: 10 September, 2013",all,BrAxY,A game way ahead of its time. If you can fix the problem of seeing the screen its a great game.
76561198048165355,Recommended,238210,14062021,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Doctor Pennywise,Incredible game for its time. If you dont mind the old school graphics which there is a mod to improve then definately buy this game.
,Recommended,238210,14049922,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Flonk,"Apart from the ending, this game is perfection.Play it if you haven't already - it still plays fine, especially if you mod the visuals."
,Recommended,238210,14091730,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,megladon1279,"I have really enjoyed this game! It's not the most accurate and it's difficult to know what to do next sometimes, but with enough time and patience you can figure it out. This game is imaginitive and most importantly, creepy! It's not scary as in haunt you in your sleep scary. It's more of a ""boo"" scare with a terror at the ghost appearances sometimes."
76561197972387998,Recommended,238210,13459461,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Zag,A stone-cold classic. Still atmospheric and impressive 15 years on.
76561198056001478,Recommended,238210,13553099,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Darkfighter101,"Simply amazing! The game is a testiment to the beutiful (or horrifying) atmosphere. Rhe game runs fine right out of the box, but eith a little time and clicking the game can look amazing with a select few mods. Also you can mod it to play multiplayer- Beware multiplayer removes the suspense and i recomend playing the game through once before playing multiplayer. This game is definetly on my top ten games of all time and if you can pick it up."
76561198120745867,Recommended,238210,13513298,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Shinigami,Do not play this game with surround sound headphones unless you aren't planning on keeping your trousers.  Great atmosphere and great story.  This game and its predecessor set the standards for how to scare people without taking away from the story or gameplay.
76561197962561928,Recommended,238210,13514371,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Havoc☠sporadic,this is and was one of the scariest first person shooters i ever played when you first get into it. (ive played it so much i totaly have a good understanding of what type of character to build up but still its tough to get through). i love games that let you save where ever whenever you want. this one its almost a requirement. talk about NO AMMUNITION when you need it! really a good game if you like rpg fps story driven games. ive yet to complete but still enjoyed every moment ive played. USE THE ELEVATOR AS A STORAGE BIN!! kinda a helpful stash for exotic weapons later in the game.
76561198002986817,Recommended,238210,13516459,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Phantom Virus,"Fantastic game! It's no wonder that this game was made from the amazing creators of the original thief game with the brilliant thinking behind the creator of the bioshock trilogy. If you enjoy old retro games like me such as hl1, Deus Ex, and thief then you'll absolutely love this game! This is almost like dead space only not as scary but much more depth. There are so many options to choose from being a gun man like me or a psychic or a bralwer. The story is really good and there is plenty of extra content to be found in the game. The game play is simple yet extremely fun. The ship is huge which means plenty of content to go round and explore. There is nothing bad I can say about this game! Though I will add that I highly reccomend playing it with the mod version so it looks even shinyer but you can play it just fine without it. Go ahead and go deep into space and face the unknown! This is game really deserves a reboot!"
,Recommended,238210,14203321,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Gordon DeLarge,"This is a beautiful game. Has a deep interesting story, very good gameplay and despite is a 90s game, still funny and playable. A masterpiece of Irrational Games."
,Recommended,238210,13947973,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Bza,"Fun, cheap, classic FPS game.  Even in 2015 the game is still enjoyable.  I couldn't afford this game when it came out when i was younger.  Its nice being able to take a stab at it years later."
76561198042951950,Recommended,238210,4892068,"Posted: 20 September, 2013",all,Tundra,"If you like atmospheric non-linear survival eff pee ess aar pee gees with a pinch of horror in futuristic spaceship corridors, this is the game for you"
76561197982841966,Recommended,238210,948778,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,UltraParanoia,This is an old game with a half-life feel.   Fun.
76561198037435469,Recommended,238210,14223480,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,stormwatcheagle,"Bioshock in space. I know it came before Bioshock, but really that's all you need to make a decision here."
,Recommended,238210,14003850,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Napkinface,"The fact that this, and other old Looking Glass Studios games (Thief series), are now on Steam...blows my socks off. This is one of the best games ever made. System Shock 2 and Thief: The Dark Project terrified me when they first came out. I still hate spiders and zombies. If you like shooters, play this game. If you like games like ""Deus Ex"", then play this game. If you like retro-creepy-you wont sleep for a week-games, then play this game. System Shock 2 is creepy, the soundtrack is superb, there are VERY funny moments (both intentional, and unintentional) throughout the story. Yes, it is somewhat linear, but that is to be expected from the age of this game. No, it isn't open-ended or open-world, which is NOT problematic. This game is incredibly immersive, challenging, fun, and is the original idea behind many modern games.Pros: Gameplay, soundtrack, immersion, creativity, story, voice-acting, terrifying.Cons: Dated graphics...*sigh* rats. Oh, and that's about it. This game still stands on its own."
,Recommended,238210,951458,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,SHODAN,THE game! MUST PLAY!
,Recommended,238210,15616006,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Aramax,"The controls in this game were something to behold back when System Shock 2 was first released and it's still the case to this day. You can practically dance with your opponents while fighting them with melee weapons or you can blast them into oblivion with psionic weaponry... everybody else and their mother are saying that this game is great, just try it out for yourself!"
,Recommended,238210,7699799,"Posted: 19 November, 2013",all,Ding-Dong,"A very cool game. Has an immersive atmosphere, and despite the graphics proves to be pretty creepy at times. The gameplay is fun and if you've ever played Bioshock you'll see parallels the game have with one another, Bioshock was clearly inspired by this game."
76561198060156830,Recommended,238210,15670907,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Realgigclin,"just finished the game for the first time and i defenitly plan on doing another playthrough soon.  Going into this i was worried the age of this game might make me enjoy it less, i played without any mods the first time through and i can say with 100% assurance this game is timeless.  Like any game i recommend playing it for 1-3 hours before you really deside what you think of it, well i had to really warm up to it.Im one of those bioshock nerds that has loved the series to death for the past 7 years and im so angry at myself for not playing this until now.  Just as bioshock the entire way through i was picking up every audio log and looking in every corner for something interesting just to figure out what the hell happened to this place!I also LOVED the games difficulty, i played on hard all the way through and i feel even on normal this game would be a challenge.ill keep this short and go into more later.positives:-cool story, intersteing, lots to explore and lots of questions-great tactical combat (survival horror)-awesome soundtrack (though does get repetitive)negitives:-i really cant think of very many besides the fact that it has a lot of ""where the hell am i"" or ""were am i supposed to go"" because the game doesnt really tell you were to go.  but this could be a positive depending on what kind of person you are.-as great as the enviorment, how involved you feel and the overall story its pretty damn predictableverdict: 9/10.  Im so glad i played this game and i will be happy to play it again.  Seems to be so many ways to play this game you could play it 4 times through and not have tried everything.More depth about the game:The combat has great diversity.  You get these ""cybernetic modules"" by completeing tasks or finding them in the environment.  You then spend these on upgrades.  you can specialize in hacking (opening locked creates, turning hostile turrets to fight for you ect), weapon repairing, weapon modifiying (upgrading your weapons damage ect.) or invest in research, some items need a number of research points to be used.  then after all that you can upgrade your strength (inventory size and melee damage) endurance (max health increase, hazard resistance) agility (movement speed, recoil reduction) cybernetic affinity (makes hacking, modifying and repairing easier) psionic ability (which increases the amount of damage you deal with PSI powers).  That reminds me you can also can have these ""PSI powers"" thats basically magic.  Some weapons have a weapon skill requirement like having cyber modules in standard weapons, energy weapons, heavy weapons or exotic weapons.  This is a♥♥♥♥♥♥load of ways to play the game but due to the games difficulty it kind of forces you to pick 3 of these things and forget the rest.  This does make the game have a high replay value but i really dont like getting locked into a playstyle.  And sense you cant really test if you want standard weapons or energy weapons you could easily get stuck with something you dont like.  Ya you could put points into a little of everything but your inventory will fill FAST and i dont think you could carry all those weapons.  And i couldnt imagine anyone not going into the hacking skill, as half the great stuff you get is locked inside creates."
76561198036030250,Recommended,238210,15706689,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Tiny Rick,"I finished it yesterday (on Easy, full disclosure) for the first time, and had never played or seen it played before, though I was VERY familiar with otehr Irrational games like Bioshock, etc. After repeatedly hearing this game's name in conjunction with the words""best of all time"" I decided it merited a try.System Shock 2 is Bioshock's older, far more badass and brutal brother. I loved Bioshock, Bioshock 2, and to a slightly lesser extent Bioshock Inifinite, and I've gotta say, this 16 YEAR OLD game makes them all look like garbage.Scratch that, System Shock 2 makes just about every other game look like garbage.Letting alone the fact the this came out IN 19-♥♥♥♥ING-99, it has a brilliant, immersive story; great equipment and RPG elements, and is scary as all hell. The sole way in which this game shows it's age (aside from the graphics, which i'll discuss in a moment) is in its melee hitting. Sometimes hitting small monsters is kind of annoying. That's It.Aside from slighgtly dated graphics, which again,  were released in 1999, the game still looks pretty good, and after spending enough time on the Von Braun you'll stop noticing their dated look.This game does present one problem; after playing it to the end, the influence this game has had on every game that has followed it is STAGGERING, you will become infuriated as you realize your favorite franchises just copied System Shock 2 (inb4 its a sequel, nothing is original. Shut up), like, blatantly. And then the logical conclusion, which is far more infuriating, HOW HAS THERE NOT BEEN MORE GAMES OF THIS QUALITY THIS WHOLE GODDAMN TIME?!?! NINETEEN ♥♥♥♥ING NINETY NINE FOR ♥♥♥♥S SAKE.If you haven't played it, finish reading this, then seriously, REALLY SERIOUSLY, buy it right ♥♥♥♥ing now and set out aboard the Von Braun. This game will fall into your favorite games of all time, and deserves all the praise and more it has ever received."
76561197969214657,Recommended,238210,344183,"Posted: 16 May, 2013",all,Scaph,"You must buy this game!!! It is, literally, the best game of all time. I LOVE THIS GAME SO MUCH!!!!"
,Recommended,238210,382113,"Posted: 11 May, 2013",all,guyblade,"Quite possibly one of the best games of all time. Between System Shock 2 and Deus Ex, the first person shooter, as a genre grew to be more than just the locked doors and waves of enemies that had been seen before."
,Recommended,238210,14996471,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Cals,classic 10/10+ amazing soundtrack
76561198036884185,Recommended,238210,7619878,"Posted: 10 November, 2013",all,Neuromancer1892,"A very unforgiving game, a game with a great story and terrifying setting. It's slightly dated but it doesn't detract from an awesome story. The immersion is fantasic for an old game, playing this game in the dark of my room with the sound turned up gave me nightmares. If you're not a fan of dated graphics you should take the time to look past its 1999 graphics (Perhaps look for a graphics mod) and judge it on its story and content. For those with a taste in Cyberpunk as well as Sci fi this game is a must. One of the best games i've played 10/10."
,Recommended,238210,14992463,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Khat,"Some of the most fun I've ever had with a horror FPS. Bioshock's big daddy is one of the greatests games you can get on the PC. Controls are a bit weird at first, and the RPG elements are very noticible, but the amount of immersion, depth and masterful story telling, makes this game worth every penny.Will you rise above the machine? Or will you lose to the perfect, immortal, SHODAN."
76561198002784244,Recommended,238210,14994018,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,pred,"Great and scary. For those interested in Cyber Punk, Sci-fi and philosophy."
,Recommended,238210,14974099,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Catgirl Johnson,This is Xerxes. The Many demand you play this game.
,Recommended,238210,15440571,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Renata,What a bloody awesome game!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,238210,545408,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,Cyber-Freak,"Back when I was a boy... Chris used to play this game a lot, but I never really got into it because I saw the graphics as being similar to Doom, yet not quite as 3d as Quake.Now that I have it through steam, the graphics are somewhat updated, but the RPG/Action experience is better than what can be found in Fallout, definitely a game to check out."
76561198025352519,Recommended,238210,3625045,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,Romble,"Bioshock and Dead Space borrow HEAVILY from this games in both gameplay mechanics (Bioshocks plasmids, narrative devices), and story elements (some plot points in Dead Space are WAY too similar to be simple coincidence.). Although the game came out over ten years ago it's still wuite the gaming experience once you figure out some of it's nuances. A definite must play for fans of sci-fi, FPS's and survival horrors. Even if the admittedly aged graphics turn you off, there's always the modding community to help out with that.seriosuly, go play it."
,Recommended,238210,14479189,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Feo,"I still have my original box this came in back when it was first released. System Shock 2 cemented my love for PC games and left me wanting more than what I was getting out of quake series at the time. This had sci-fi and horror, it had survival and rpg element, it had a superb story and forever changed how I wanted to play from then on.This is the game that made me excited for the industry and eager to see where it would go. Sadly there have been few games that I would say live up to my expections after playing this. It's obvious the people who made it were passionate about System Shock 2 and it shows.It might be a bit dated by today's standards but if you can look past that, and take your time to absorb the entire experience I think you will be pleasantly surprised.To this day, the sound of those monkeys creep me out."
76561197969225603,Recommended,238210,14486001,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,simonsays,One of the best games I have ever played..
76561198052904698,Recommended,238210,14305496,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,nintenbob,Great classic game
76561197970827915,Recommended,238210,466319,"Posted: 4 June, 2013",all,Ortho,"Although dated looking, this is one of the single most defining Sci-fi horror Shooter/RPG's ever made.  This single game in my mind is one of the top 5 games I have ever played.. EVER.  It has visual mods to improve it and I am giving it another go.  I wish they would stop with the BIOSHOCK continuation and just make system shock 3.  It's long overdue."
76561197980320404,Recommended,238210,14423840,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,majiinx,"This game is a timeless classic, a must play game for any true PC gamer."
,Recommended,238210,12225521,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Achromatic,Even after all this time System Shock 2 is an amazing game. It sets the mood just right with persistent enemies and great soundtrack. Definitely my favourite horror sci-fi action RPG. It also has great replayability with the diverse ways you can build your character. And SHODAN has to be one of the best antagonists ever.11/11 Recommended for anyone with
,Recommended,238210,14538836,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Ripley84,way ahead of it's time and certainly a must own if you enjoyed BioShock
,Recommended,238210,14670201,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Brohann Sebastian Bach,"If you don't need good graphics to play a game, this one is JUST as good as Bioshock."
,Recommended,238210,2331814,"Posted: 30 June, 2013",all,Filthy Peasant[λROR],One of the greatest games ever made. Buy this if you want a good blast from the past and to occasionaly get genuinely stuck. Wel worth the purchase.
76561198006733681,Recommended,238210,15999431,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,dboell,"Graphics are dated, but its still a fun game that requires many hours to complete. Replay value based on your choice of combat style. Some pretty creepy stuff in the game. Decent choice of weapons. Recommended."
,Recommended,238210,16002268,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Dja Akh,"Hell, yes, do I recommend this game!But please keep in mind, that it was released in 1999. Graphics at this time relied stronger on your sense of imagination than today!But if you want to play the grand father of Dead Space and Bioshock and have a look, what ancient knowledge these games remember (and which they did forget!), then this is the adress to go to!Story writing of System Shock is on eye level with stuff like Dead Space 1. Not great, but definetely servicable. Voice acting is great (and everything is voice acted!).The graphics are... well... ancient. But work well enough as to not being confusing. You will be able to tell apart enemies from kitchen wear.The game mechanics are... awesome! Really, not by 1999 standards, but by today's standards. You got different weapon types, you can specialize on, different psy abilities, you might learn, but you also have to learn, how to maintain and repair your equipment. You need to manage your resources... honestly: Quite a few of today's survival games should REALLY have a close look on System Shock 2 and reconsider their mechanics!So, good game with lots of nostalgia value (remember the waxd as your default move keys?). Play it, if haven't already. That is, if you are into shooters and you can stand the rather old graphics. Check them out, before you buy the game.For those, who want to try it out, here are's a word of advice, so you don't mess up your character and have to start over again:-The most powerful weapons in the game are the pistol, the grenade launcher (and to a smaller degree the shotgun). Learn to use these and don't mind about the other weapons, unless you got some leftover points late in the game.-Psy is funny, but not that powerful. Don't spend too much on it. Cyber affinity is a must have, though.-Hacking is very useful! Lvl 4 is recommended. Repair 1 is the only thing you need for the important weapons. Maintenance needs a few points.-I didn't find the stats, besides strength all that useful.-Save ammo and nanites, whenever you can! There are a few rather tough sections during which you'll go through your resources as if you there'd be no tomorrow! Make sure, you got some!Otherwise... there are plenty of ways to play the game (even pure psy run-throughs oO), though some are more difficult than other. But, hey! Try to find your own way through the Von Braun ;)"
76561197970490080,Recommended,238210,16043472,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Longshanks,Jumping and yelping because a game with extremely old graphics scared the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you is priceless.
76561198153737871,Recommended,238210,15942987,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,naajs,I just got done killing a psychic monkey with my own psychic abilities10/10
76561198003602664,Recommended,238210,15870149,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Walken's Syndrome,Look at you... haaacckkkerrr...You've never seeeeen... robo-T1TT1ES.. like theeeese... haaaackkerrrrr...10/10 doesn't really stand the test of time but would spend 20 hrs playing again to get to the final boss and run out of ammo thus making the game impossible to finish. also having to actually read stuff to progress is really annoying i paid u good money for the game y u wana make me feel stupid this isn't the 90's u jerkoffs ffs.JKFPS/RPG classic
76561198154605312,Recommended,238210,15852186,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,DjBlaklite,"hard as balls, hard to get used to, but i feel as if its all worth it :)"
76561198084731268,Recommended,238210,15907448,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Gothra,"Easy on the computer running it, not so much on the person playing it."
76561198002009022,Recommended,238210,14122581,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,ZarquonReturns,"Many years after its release, System Shock 2 lives up to its exalted reputation--a tour-de-force survival horror shooter. If you mod SS2 with community graphics packs, the NPCs and setting become truly gruesome. The default skins and textures have a weird 90's rubber-suit look, which makes the baddies appear less menacing. They'll still happily rip yourass to shreds.Well, it's another fine mess science has gotten us into. After short tutorial levels and initial stats selection, you, the slightly augmented main character, wake up naked and empty-handed on the Von Braun space ship, where something has gone very wrong. Things get worse from there. Super-creepy ambient sound, music, visual design, and grim audio logs gradually reveal a world descending to hell.This game is hella tough. I totally had to cheat through it, forcing myself to play normally when I wanted the true experience. Unless you want to spend 40 hours on a single playthrough, you have to master kiting the enemies with your default wrench, because there's not enough ammo and health to go full Schwarzenegger, and you can't sneak by everything.Stealth is critical in many places. One section near the end is so full of over-powered foes that only a very well-armed FPS expert could go head-to-head with them. Not possible unless you have saved every shot, and exhaustively looted and solved every puzzle, optional room, and hackable object (or you know, just cheated). At least some baddies always respawn in every area, often to your great disadvantage, so you can't hide or camp forever.This game paved the way for Dark Souls. Well, I'm glad I finished it, and that the evil force threatening the world is safely trapped inside the game, which I then deleted from my hard drive. Bravo, Looking Glass Studios (and Irrational, golf clap)! One bloody psionically regenerated thum.,..,,..,.,.=..,,,+,.+..~..,,+:.:,~,,:..,,=,~..,~:...,.,.,.~:...,.=....~,.....,.|:.,.,:,...,.,~.,,,:,,.,..:..,=~.~,......~,:,:..,:,..+...~.,+:..~.+.,...........,|,....:,,,..,.,..,::~.,,..:,,~::.,~.+,,+.+.,,.,::,.,.,.....:=,,~.:..,......,,.,..|.,~,.....,:.,,,,..:~:......,=..+.,,,=+....,+.,.,,..,..:...~~.+..,..=....,,...,..|,..~......,:..,.:..=:,..,,.~.:,.,,~.+:~,.?.+,,.,,:.,..,,.:+:?.....~............,|:.,,..,...,,:.~.:..,=:...~,,..~~,,,,,,,,.,,,,:,,=:,...,.+~~,.....,...,.....=.:,,|,....:.,..,,,:,.=.,.,,,,.?+,:..+.:.:,::,.,,.,.=,=,.~.,.?:+:..:..:.,,........,,..|.,,,,..,,~.,,..,.,~..,~~:..::,:=~.,,~.,,.,::::::+:,::,~+=....~.,..........,,....|.......:,,...,==,,,.:..~~+=,,,=:,~~?,::,.,==~~,I=:.:~~~,.....+,.,........,.....,|...,......,,,.,..,:,.,.,.:::.,=:,:~,.,,::~+?~,.,=,.:~~,..~..~.,.~...,..,..?..,:,|,.........,.:,.,,,.:,,....::.:~~~=~~=~~~==?I=+:~+:+~:...:..:...:.....,,..~..::..|..,,,.~....,..=,.=..,,.,,:,~,==+:7~7=++=++??=~~==,:~,,,:......,....=..,..:,,....|,,...,,.....,.:.,,,,,:..=:::,:=~~=+~+I+++7=7=7==~:==,,.,.,....,...,....,,,......|..,..?....,..,,.,:,:,.:.=~:~::~~7777?7I=I=+7=+?===~:=,.,~.,..,........,,....,...|....,,:....,,.,,..~.,,,,.:,~~~~:+?II+7???+=77+?~I=~=~::~.~.,,......,,,........:~|..............:,?..,..+:?.:~?::++7?7?I+???+7+7+~~=::,~:...:......,:,............|.~..,............,,,,,:,,,::+~=+~7=7?I+?I?+7?7++?=:~+=,,?,......~,.......,.,....|.,,.............,...,.:,,::?~=+==+?7?+?+?+?7++=+I=~~,:,....,..:,.......,,.......|..,.,..,,..............:,:,:~~==+?+7+???I?=I?+?+=+~,:::.,.,..,....,.,,.....,.,:~|........,,,.........,,,,,+,,~~+==?~7?????I+I=?~=:=::~,,.,,.,......,,.....,::==::|,:~=~:,,,,...,.,...,,:,,,=:~,~=:+=+7++???I?+++~=~~:+:,,.,:..,.~:,...,:~=+~:,.:..|=:,.::~++,........,.,.,:,,,:,:::=:+I++???7?+==~=~::+,,:,.,:........:+~:,..,,,,..|.,.....,,:~=,,......,,.::~:,.~~,,==?+=?++I+==~~~~:,,,.,,..........~+,......::~=+|..,......~,...+,~..,.,,,,,:::::?::=+=?++++===~=::,::,...,.....,,~~+:.,....,=,,,~|,.,,.......I,...,,+,...,,,,.:,,+~+,,=~~=+=~::=:,:,,,.....,:++===?~::,,,,,.:,.,,,|.,,~=~~~~~::~=+~~=====,.........,~:,=~==+=~~:,,,........,:::~~~=:~:::::::::,,.,,|,,,..,...,...,....,::...:~?~?~...,..::~=+=::.,,.,~?~=~,.:,=,,...=,...,.,........|...~...,:,,....:,.::~~..:.,:~:~:,...,:===~,...,:~,+,..:.:~:~,.~,......:.,..,.,,,|,,...,,,,........~,~~:+~~,~:,.:=~...,:~?,~~=,.7:..,,,:+:+::,,...,:,...:,,?..:...|...,.,~....,,,.,..,:~~=~~:?~,=~7,,.?.,:=,~~?=~?~I~~~~?~?=~~,.....,:,..,?........|..,...,...,,.,,.~..,:~===+777~~~:+~I..:?,~~?:~~+==~===~+::,.....................|.,:.......,.........:,:+=++++?~====+..~?:,~=:~==77?III+~,,.+++=+==~:,...........|,,,,:.~.,,,,,,,,.,:..:==~=+?+?=+~=:~.,~?,,:::~:+=+?+~~::,,.....,,......,,.......|,.....................~:~==+++=:~.:,..:+,.,,.::=~====~~:,............=.,,..::...|...,.,...,.............,:+~=?=+~=,,,,.~?,.,..:=,~~~~=~....,.....,....,....,..,,.|,.............,,.......,,:~~~~:+=:,.,,:+,,...,=~~~~::~,.........................|..,...............,,,....,,::~+~~:.::,:I,:~,:=~=~:::.,......,,....,,,.....,.....|......,,..................,:=:=:~~..,==7=::..~=~~,:~,.....,.,.:,.....,.,.....,,.|.,,,.,...........,........,,:~:~~+::..~?:...~==~~,,,,,..,.,....,,,,..........,,,|.,.,~:+::::::,.,,:::::::,..:,::~=~~=.......++~==:...,,,,:::::::::~~~~~~=========|..,=~::,,,,,,...,,,:::::,..,.,.,::~~~~,.,~==:~,,.,,:........~,..,:,,,,,...,...~,|,,:,..,..................,,::,:,,...............,:~,:~:.,....,..:,,.,......,,,:,|,,....,.....,......:::==::::,.,,=.,,,,,.,,.,=..,,..,..,,,=:,...:...,~,..........|.........:,,,,=~::,,........,..,..,.=+777I=..:..,:........,::=:::.....,:........|........,~,:,........,........,..,,...:..:......,..:,..........,~:,,.,:~==:,,...|.......:~:..........,.....,...,,,.,..,,..,.....,~......:.....,....,:==:,..,,::==|....::,~,...............,....:,::....=:,:,:,....::.......,,....:..........,..,,.|::~~,,.,....................:,,.,.....,.:,:....,.:::........,....,.,.......,....|:,,...................,....,::....................,,...,........................|,...,...............,,.,.,.,~,.....................::,..........................|,....,,,,,,,,.,,,,,........~.................,,.,...~~,.............,...........|.......,............,....,,.,.....,...........,......:~,...................,....|........,...,...........,~,....,...............,,.....::........................|,....................,.,=...,,....,.,..:........,......,,...................:...|.....................,.:,...........,,..................,,...,..................<<MESSAGE TERMINATED MEAT AND BONE>>"
,Recommended,238210,14115324,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Wolfy Sama,"Holy balls this game is hard, but it's good hard.Like, you won't get mothered to pick up the first weapon and will be allowed to go to the first enemy without it hard.Haven't even played that far at the time of writing this and I already love it."
76561198066692286,Recommended,238210,14102936,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Trolosaurus,"Game's brutally hard and unforgiving, but if you want a challenge along with some damn fine spooky atmosphere, then this is a good choice for a cheap price"
,Recommended,238210,14374888,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,THOT WRANGLER,Gave me nightmares when I was 12.
,Recommended,238210,14351582,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Kittєภђs - ♪ - Ⓐ,"Its kinda like bioshock i mean it is like bioshock, in spaceits great, if u like pissin ur pants couple times, fun in coop"
,Recommended,238210,14359304,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,(_Robo_),"This game is by far a fave.Sure the graphics are prettty crappy (That's what mods are for) but the game is literally the genre of game ive been looking for for a loooooong time.the best things about this game are1) So much ambience2) You can either rush through or listen to the plot.3) good plot!4) May not be as much of a horror game but still will keep you on the edge of your seat5) This is a challenging game even on 'easy' if you dont know how to manage health, abilities and ammo.6) EVERYTHING.if you are thinking about getting this game, say no more. you know it's worth it..."
76561198059367406,Recommended,238210,6117131,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,unreal_vector,"Best game I've ever played. Only game I've ever played more than once. You MUST play this. Also, download the updated texture packs to make things a little prettier."
,Recommended,238210,14458382,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,ekaljuk,"I bought System Shock 2 as soon as Star Insurance announced Linux support on the news page. I had heard nothing but wonderful things about the game and was excited to play it. Despite a rough start getting the game to run in widescreen mode, I eventually managed to switch to 1080p and started to play.I can now say that it is nothing short of a masterpiece! The kicker for me is the spectacular audio design combined with the dark, brooding atmosphere. As opposed to what many others have said, I actually really loved the fast-paced electro music once I turned the volume down a bit. Since the music usually starts up in areas swarming with enemies, it really gets your muscles on edge and your mind alert as you shakily turn the claustrophobic corners, always low on health and on your last clip, not knowing what lays in the dark corridor ahead. And SHODAN's distorted, seductive voice crackling over the PA forcing you to do her bidding is just... wow!Beware, the gameplay is really complex and doesn't hold your hand; you may not even like it the first time. I only played for about 2 hours, on and off, before I set it down and forgot about it for a few weeks. Feeling bored one day, I decided to try it again. Now I've clocked in at around 10 hours already! The game ""clicked"" for me when I listened to all the audio logs in a secluded safe spot where I could finally let my guard down.Now that I have grown accustomed to System Shock 2's unique and multifaceted gameplay and appreciated the storyline that envelops it, I can safely say that this is the best video game I have ever played! I heartily recommend it. Buy it now, and join the Many.Linux users note:When it comes to graphical quality (this game is from '99 after all), mods are your friend! Turn on bloom and HDR by tweaking the ""cam_ext.cfg"" file, and install quality mods like SHTUP in ""~/.systemshock2/systemshock2/drive_c/Program Files/SystemShock2/DataPermMods""."
,Recommended,238210,15102091,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,hitt.william,"Having finally played this, I can now earnestly say that Bioshock is not the retread that gamers so often call it.  This title has a distinctly different feel, and just did not get me as invested.  However, I played it many years after the initial release.  It is a great game in it's own right though - give it a shot.  Nice soundtrack!"
76561198076133197,Recommended,238210,14814264,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,assmold,yes
76561198019285004,Recommended,238210,3234618,"Posted: 18 July, 2013",all,Amiga Forever,Bit of Hit and miss...When you pressed the button with your mouse. Sometime it go out of the game to your Desktop !!!Not Good !Please Get it Fixed !!!
,Recommended,238210,14954183,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,mech619,"I got this game on a one-day sale from Steam some time back.  Was very much worth it.Although the game has aged, it still looks good.  The look of the station is eerie, like you know something happened to the people.The ability to choose how you will progress your character in the game is great.  It does not end up being a generic, all-powerful character who can use every weapon and skill to beat the game easily toward the end.Although this game is a bit slower paced compared to Dead Space, the logs to read over and stealth needed to progress in some areas, depending on how you developed your character, do provide a sense of tension that other blast'em up horror survival games do not give.  Would highly recommend this title."
76561198066568597,Recommended,238210,14902482,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Nahual,This is the best game you're ever going to play.
76561198060784066,Recommended,238210,14940912,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Dennis the Menace,"If you loved Bioshock then you will love this. Gameplay wise it is more complex than most modern FPS's but atmosphere wise it is just Bioshock in space which is no bad thing. It's truly fascinating to see the root of some of Bioshock's core ideas present in this game such as the ""plasmids"" and the audio daries. System Shock 2, much to my surprise, has become one of my favourite games. Personally I would say that it is definitely worth full price especially since, because they player has to invest in certain skill types, the game has a lot of replayability so you can experiment with all the different styles."
,Recommended,238210,14941186,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,humanvegetableonline2002,Hamana Hamana Hamana
,Recommended,238210,14941558,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Thirteen Is The Forever Number,COOL!!!!!
,Recommended,238210,14929196,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,BOOTY SWEET,11/10 would bang Shodan
76561198145239055,Recommended,238210,14969263,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,soroush,"Awesome game. I thought that my eyes would bleed due to the dated graphics, but it turned out to be OK, thanks to a mod that improves texture quality.Once you play this, you'll realise that Ken Levine has essentialy remade his own game and just changed the setting and replaced 'system' with 'bio'. There are too many similarities between this an BioShock... kind of spoils the twist at the end (if you've already played Bioshok)... still a good game to have played.If you're into giving ancient amazing games a chance I would also recommend playing Deus Ex too."
76561197981375333,Recommended,238210,14969381,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,MenOfStone,"This game, while bad graphics even for its time, is one of three of my all time favourite games of all time.I dont feel the need to use mods to improve the graphics. The game is so well done and its atmosphere is so immersive that the graphics dont play on my mind.System Shock 2 will always be, in my opinion, one of the best games of all time.Just ask Shodan (She's tattooed on my back)."
76561198040218301,Recommended,238210,15259410,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Dank Dawson,"This game is very difficult to understand at first, but when you get things and re-check some logs for better understanding of instructions and acquire the skills that fit around your play style the game will be totally worth it. A game very much worthy of a remake I must say."
76561198080826192,Recommended,238210,15263964,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,HeartSmith,11/10 Perfect. Defined so many common ideas we seen currently not only in FPSs but also survival horror games and even some RPGs. Just perfect.
,Recommended,238210,15402230,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,balding eagle,"System Shock 2's legacy lives on partly with the existence of the Deus Ex and Bioshock franchises, but it is more than capable to stand on its own right even today. Despite its outdated controls, GUI and graphics, it trumps most modern titles in terms of atmosphere, immersion, gameplay and story. In fact, many of SS2's features have been integrated into modern games, most notably the presence of audio logs put in unlikely places.I would recommend taking your time with setting up the game. The standard controls are not good. You will most likely have to rebind your keys based on which weapons/items you choose to use throughout the game, there are so many that you won't get the chance to use them all effectively. The greatest issue I had with this game is that it uses an outdated control scheme for accessing your items. A row of quick access slots, like the one featured in the Deus Ex games, would've been much better for weapon/item access.Some of the map designs are confusing, and it can be easy to get lost in your first playthrough. Even worse, the game has a minimap function that is disabled by default. Make sure to enable it as soon as you can, it'll make your life much easier.Resources are scarce. You will be punished for wasting them. On the other hand, the game rewards you for exploration and careful observation. Many items will be placed out of reach or carefully hidden, take your time to find them as long as you aren't under fire.This game rewards carefulness over gung-ho, reckless charging into unknown areas. Play carefully, lean over corners, use stealth.You will most likely get frustrated at one point or another for the reasons above and many others, but trust me, this game is worth going all the way to the end. There aren't many games that can offer the experience that System Shock 2 provides nowadays."
76561197998505420,Recommended,238210,15422807,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,MadDiplomat,"I recently lost my memory and I've been told that my flesh betrays me. On the other hand, I found this crystal shard that sings to me, which is nice. It helps me deal with stress of being far away from home and I've even been invited to a poetry reading in the recreation deck's commons area. I almost forget that chips are all there is to eat."
76561197962075968,Recommended,238210,15409226,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,chaos,with out this game you would not have _________.GRAPHICS ENHANCEMENTThe graphics can be enhanced through a variety of mods which you can find here:https://www.systemshock.org/index.php?topic=4447.0orhttp://www.moddb.com/mods/shtup-system-shock-2-texture-upgrade
,Recommended,238210,15409947,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,DannyDamian,"At first I was overwhelemed, though what seemed difficult  proved to simply be gradual. A few internet FAQS later, I was wacking worm eggs and cyber ladies with genuine tension and glee. Lots to seek your teeth into. And by golly great sound design!"
,Recommended,238210,15135161,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,silvur,MONKEY wrench swinging simulator.
76561198033039112,Recommended,238210,15135396,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Used Napkin,"What starts as an intricate Sci-Fi romp through brilliant levels with a pumped-up soundtrack turns into a horrific nightmare that will test your very mental being. Made the blood vessels in my arm boil. It really hurt, and I can't think of any other horror game scary enough to do that."
,Recommended,238210,15043557,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,A7x,this game is better than bioshock Infinite
76561198043986838,Recommended,238210,15226355,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,The Turbinator,"Survival Horror at its finest. The level design, mechanics and graphics may be really dated but if you can look past that, you're in for one of the most surreal, difficult and visceral experiences of all time."
,Recommended,238210,1310403,"Posted: 10 May, 2013",all,Healthpoint,"GOTYAYGreat story-driven singleplayer campaign, in a nice sleek fps-rpg hybrid gameplay style.Co-op is pretty fun as well, but buggy and unstable as all hell."
,Recommended,238210,15243706,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Dad's Mad,"♥♥♥♥ this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of a game, seriously."
,Recommended,238210,15332916,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,StubbsDK,"This has to be one of the most genre-defining games ever made!I remember playing this for the first time, and instantly falling in love with it!Look past the graphics and try it, if you love BioShock and Deus Ex, you'll love this!"
76561198042266037,Recommended,238210,4830813,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,Butt-Toucher-McGee,"Best god damned horror game I have ever had the pleasure to play. I really wished I played this before Bioshock, so much better."
,Recommended,238210,15003737,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Procrastinator 2-D,I hacker! You hacker! We all hacker for hacker hacker!
,Recommended,238210,15007360,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Tastycles,"good old game, brings me back to my childhood"
,Recommended,238210,15008434,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Guilty Blade,"Got jumped by like five worm-human-mutant-hybrid things, scared me ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, beat them all to death with a wrench while silently screaming out of fear and hysteria, won with like 1% of my health left, breathed a sigh of relief, turned around and ate a bolt of psionic ice fired by a tiny psionic monkey, watched it terrifyingly scream at my dropping body.Calmed down, respawned and took a pipe to the head.10 / 10."
,Recommended,238210,15807805,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Kaiser Wilhelm,An amazing sifi horror game with an amazing soundtrack and dazaled with unique RPG gamply mixed with first person shooter action.System Shock 2 is a superb game even at its old graphics and gameplay style it is a must have!
,Recommended,238210,14773455,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Nabernizer,My favorite part was when monkeys shot plasma at me...in space!
,Recommended,238210,577305,"Posted: 22 May, 2013",all,WildKarrde,"As a part of Valve's secret plan to dominate the worlds collective wallet, they have released one of the best games ever to grace the planet on steam. OH THE AUDACITY. Now how can I possibly justify the only other alternative, buying the disk off amazon for $900, and act like a superior hipster.I highly reccommend you buy into Valve's evil plan to make obscure, difficult to acquire,  games readily availiable to the public, and give in to the cash grab."
,Recommended,238210,15021807,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,draugr,"Despite it's age, I found myself thoroughly enjoying SS2.  What surpised me was how tense and immersive the game is even with it's dated graphics. As a clear inspiration of the Boishock games, it's a must play for anyone looking for similar experiance."
,Recommended,238210,7487893,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,"Baron Bacon V, phd.","I thought I had already reccomended this but... here you go 9.5/10better then Deus Ex+ages surprisingly well+great atmosphere+balences horror and action perfectly (unlike some games *Dead Space awkwardly shuffles out of the room*)+very immersive with virtually no cutscenes/setpieces+a good hacking minigame!! (unlike some games *Bioshock awkwardly shuffles out of the room*)+great voice acting+amazing soundtrack (seriously, get it)+/- quite a bit more complex than Bioshock, it is not like Steel Battalion (1, not the crappy kinect one), but it is a far cry from most modern titles-really bad first half hour-you know how I said VIRTUALLY no cutscenes? there are a couple.... and they are HORRIBLE, the main character looks like an origami swanthere is no reason not to buy this game now, it is one of my favorite games form the 90's (I was going to say my favorite, but I am afraid Doom beats it to that), and I am sure that anybody reading this will love it too.(plus, it is on sale now)"
39833707577712345,Recommended,238210,14239902,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,lexboreas,"L-L-L-L-Look at you h-h-h-acker, a pathetic creature of meat and boneIf you haven't played this game... play it !!! Like, right now !!! If you are turned off by the graphics and the really hard difficulty with respawning enemies, degrading weapons, sparse Ammo, thenWelcome to my World Insect, prepare to join your species in extinctionand ♥♥♥♥ YOU !!!Seriously though, who in need for a little cyberpunk FPS/RPG would not love to accept this charming invitation from one of the most prominent AI's in Video Gaming ?I came pretty late to SS2, never having played the first one, but after hearing so much good about it and being bored by the ordinary FPS, I searched for Games that had more options and where my actions actually had Consequences, thus encountering many ""classics"" like Thief and Deus Ex modern gamers wouldn't want to touch any more mainly because of their graphics. As I'm by no means an graphic ♥♥♥♥♥ and the gameplay is the most interesting feature to me, I tried them and was fascinated and terrified, especially by the themes (I became a cyberpunk jerk through Deus Ex mainly).So SS2 was like a revelation to me. A Game that old that had interesting, intricate gameplay mechanics that even places it over most RPG/FPS today combined with a great story and cold, terrifying atmosphere that is unmatched (I still get chills after the first . It pioneered not so much, but rather perfected things that are standard today in games like Bioshock , the spiritual successor to SS2  have: Storytelling through Audiologs, different ammunition types, different classes or ways for character development, still the good old run & gun action, great set-pieces for the story, tense atmosphere and gorgeous(well for the time being, even SS2 had not-so-good graphics, but there are MODS for it and be honest, one part of the atmosphere is definitely the crappy but not ugly graphics)visuals.There isn't much negative to be said about aperfect, immortal machine, the pacing feels sometimes out of tune and the end was rather anti-climatic, but funny and somehow fitting. Like I said, the biggest drawback for most may be graphics and audio (even if it still holds up pretty good in terms of audio) because of the age and some who are accustomed to the nowadays ""Run here, push that button, shoot that dude, activate X"" Overlap-In-your-Face Games might find it a bit dazzling and difficult at first, but trust me: Like me, you'll learn pretty quick and after a while, everything, the controls, the fights, will, the level-ups, everything will feel familar.Play it, hate it, love it, get freightened, engulf the glory of the flesh or get your cyberpanties on and shoot some Lazors for lovely SHODAN !Did I already mention, that cybernetic enhanceme... eeeeh, Mods I mean, immensly enhance the playing value of this old classic ? Seriously, test them out and experience a even better System Shock 2 !!!"
76561198079058194,Recommended,238210,13313973,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Faithful Steed,"As old and dated as this game is, it was still awesome. Though the older graphics will take away from most of the scare factor, I still had quite a few jump scares from sudden monsters. It is regarded as a godfather of its genre, and it earned that title. This game is a classic. I'd highly recommend it."
,Recommended,238210,10048741,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,McLovin,"So much campyness. I love it. I feel like I am in a 70's horror B-Movie. The actual gameplay isn't as difficult to learn as some say and the very distinct combo of FPS and STRICT RPG elements make for a real good time. But prepare your butt hole because this game is unforgiving. You will be low on ammo and health and think ""Well I just got out of a huge fight so there's probably some sort of ammo stach near by to help me"" Nope. This game wants to hurt you. You will go looting desperately and end up butchered by a horrifying mutant. You will feel like an ant. The actual AI Shodan is terrifying and interesting to hear talk to you. I love sections where she belittles you. Definetly buy this. Buy it now."
,Recommended,238210,2363861,"Posted: 10 May, 2013",all,panther,Best Game ever !!!
76561197972788776,Recommended,238210,9922443,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,psychopat,My all time favorite. One of the best fps around with genuine creative gameplay. This shows that FPS can be more than just point and shoot. Really good sci-fi story also!  I'm not gonna into details as there are people that describe the game pretty well in the reviews around here!I still hope there will be a system shock 3 but I somehow doubt it will happen! We never know though!
76561197968656529,Recommended,238210,325914,"Posted: 23 May, 2013",all,Jools,"My favourite game.  No, it isn't perfect, but the elements it gets right are SO right the imperfections matter little."
,Recommended,238210,9834782,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,koga_de_fett - ps4!!!!,"think bio shock was cool? how bout what gave birth to it?  this game is a cyberpunk's fps dream dont take my word or the 92 meta score for it, i dare you to spend the 4.99 currently atm on this sale and see for yourself how EFFIN AWESOME AND THRILLTASTIC AND IN DEPTH this game truly is."
76561197991323066,Recommended,238210,9835107,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,LydaCane,BUY NOW! MOD NOW! THNAK ME LATER! grandfather of thief and deus ex.
76561198124341613,Recommended,238210,9887917,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,andrewcos19,"This is one amazing game. It's atmosphere drew me in immediately, it's gameplay challenged me from the start while feeling intuitive and fluid. System Shock 2 is easily one of irrational games' finest works of all time. I love how it let me make the character my own from the first moments.  Yes, the graphics are a little behind the times, but it only adds to the charm.Pacing is perfect, deliberate and flowing (if you've spec'ed your character properly.) The one bit of advice i would offer a new player is this: Do not be afraid to restart. Experimenting with each of the three specializations at the beginning of the actual campaign may be helpful in getting a sense of what really suits you versus what you initially thought would suit you and/or solidifying your choice. Ultimately it all depends on personality, when you find the difflculty and the set of skills that compliment your playstyle, it's a phenomenal game.There are some hilarious AI moments characteristic of early 2000's  games. I won't spoil them. So far as i've found, none are game breaking, nothing to do with over powered enemies or anything like that. In fact the glitches are often in favor of the player."
76561197976751329,Recommended,238210,9856332,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Zalgo,An excellent game without a doubt. Even after all this time the game still stands well amongst modern games on the merits of it's rich atmosphere and excellent story telling.
76561198080447125,Recommended,238210,11240005,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,ShadowOfNexxus,the best open world rpg ever made bioshock doesn't stand anything on this masterpiece
76561198013359889,Recommended,238210,11241671,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Laraso,"You better unlock that crate correctly, or it'll explode violently in your face and kill you. When you get bored of unlocking crates, the game lets you play minesweeper. If you're particularly adventerous, you might be able to unlock the ability to play golf!"
76561198043728145,Recommended,238210,11242415,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Nolan,This game was one i've always wanted and now that i own it i can gladly say it is infact one of the best horror genre games of all time. my top two favorites are system shock and silent hill. i don't really want to spoil it. but this game makes you feel things you've never felt before mainly fear.
,Recommended,238210,3858744,"Posted: 15 May, 2013",all,kamikazze-ru,This is the only game which really scared me as hell then I first played in it.
76561198065797957,Recommended,238210,6415137,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,Pun Knight,"A classic that still holds up to this day. If you like BioShock and haven't played this, give it a go, you'll probably love it."
,Recommended,238210,13235782,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,KoBa,"!!!WARNING!!!-> One of the greatest games ever created!!Welcome on board of the starship ""von Braun""...There is only one aim... stop SHODAN.. an AI which is out of control.But beware: you will feel fear and lonelyness.... GREAT"
,Recommended,238210,462147,"Posted: 16 May, 2013",all,venice,great leaning mechanic
76561198083584002,Recommended,238210,13172807,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Machinae Prime,"My favorite PC classic. If you are willing and able to look past the dated graphics, you will find a very immersive FPSRPG with a memorable villain. Although the game is labeled a ""horror FPS"", its not really scary. It's one of those games that is just creepy, but it's that kind of creepyness that grows on you as you immerse yourself further. The gameplay may seem overwhelmingly complex at first, but once you get used to it, it's quite good. Backtracking exists in this game, and that might ruin it for some, but I felt the level design was good enough that doing so was relatively quick. If you dislike techno, turn off the music. Some might say this makes the game more haunting. Personally I enjoyed the music. The difficulty can really spike at times, but this is part of what I like about this game. It does not forgive you. You will manage your resources and upgrades carefully and you will like it. Otherwise you will die."
,Recommended,238210,13257761,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,vacaneboy,3spooky5me
76561198073879428,Recommended,238210,13286138,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Doctor Jim,"Pros:- An excellent atmsphere.- Class customisation (particularly with psionics) gives a lot of replay value.- A compelling story (as long as you're willing to sit through all of the audio logs).- Challenging gameplay well-suited to the survival horror genre.Cons:- The graphics don't hold up today (even with mods).- The enemy hitboxes cause guns to sometimes miss for no good reason.- I was able to figure out the twist very early on (it could be more subtle).- It can drag on sometimes.Overall, I would certainly recommend this game. If you don't care too much about graphics, and are looking for a challenge, you will probably love this."
,Recommended,238210,13276179,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,sonderkraftfahrzeug,"This is an old school FPS, it feels like a predecessor of Deux Ex. It has rpg elements where you can upgrade your weapons, skills like hacking and psionic powers that can heal or attack others. You explore a ship overran with monsters all controlled by an evil AI. You can pickup upgrade modules that you can use to better your character. You will not have enough to get all the skills so choose wisely. The last boss was ridiculously hard I thought. I was getting 2 shotted most of the time... Still a fun game. 8/10"
76561197970733854,Recommended,238210,13146548,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,AAANAU,very fun and a very scary game i would recommend it
76561198086577950,Recommended,238210,13146693,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Unpetraccable,Shut up and buy this game!
,Recommended,238210,13129963,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,AlEx2,oldsql godlike
,Recommended,238210,13132935,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Little Minion,This is my favorite game of all time.(Originally bought on GOG but I had to buy it here because I LOVE Steam.)Favorite character (SHODAN)Favorite gameplay (Diverse)Truly inspiring.I could play this forever.∞/10
76561198121138881,Recommended,238210,13125055,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,IronBeard,"This Game is the master pice that brought us Bio Shock and and other games like it, If you play Bio Shock you have to play System Shock 2."
,Recommended,238210,13200077,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Solocitizen,"Best survival horror game I've ever played. It's been highly modded since it's initial release, so you can customize the experience anyway you want... but it's down right ♥♥♥♥ing creeping if you just turn the music off. You may not realize it yet, but if you're a gamer (and I assume that you are if you're here), then System Shock 2 is as important to you as Canterbury Tales or Hamlet is to book-lovers.I feel that it's safe to say that on some level you're obligated to play this game just as you are obligated to read the classics, but don't worry, unlike Canterbury Tales, you'll love every second of this."
76561198146796694,Recommended,238210,13208725,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Ghostman,"A totally classic game. Atmospheric and creepy. There is a slight problem with the key bindings you can run into, but there is a quck patch for it in the forums."
,Recommended,238210,13193253,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Hive-Mind Kezza,"System Shock 2 is a Excellent example of a classic game.Is had features that were ahead of its time such as hacking and many diverse from enemies psionic monkeys to cyborg midwives!The classes range from the: Marines, Navy or O.S.A Agent but do not dictate how you play the whole game with a similer feel to skyrim in how you can specialize in what skills you want from hacking to psionics or even just using exotic weapons.But the game is not for the vain of heart, oh no, many times the games would present you in situations where you would need to open a old save which you would be doing ALOT, especially when you waste all of your ammo before a new level or boss.One major problem that I had when I first played was that the quests were not very descriptive with you requiring to search online for that secret code hidden in the paintings or that keycard that was in a locked room on the other side of the SHIP!But all of these problems were nothing to me after I finished the game (25hrs) for the first time with me instantly wanting to play again but with a different aproach...I might do that right now.10/10"
,Recommended,238210,13347020,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,pingas,"Spooky, reasonably hard, fun, a wee bit cryptic in places but HEY IT'S SODDIN' SYSTEM SHOCK 2Just buy it and play it, for ♥♥♥♥'s sake. You can even leanforward. What other games let you do that? Not bloody many."
,Recommended,238210,13348011,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Hakn,"One of the best games ive played in a while, I got this game for 99 cents and damn was it worth it."
,Recommended,238210,1301699,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,Gabby Gums,"Pure classic , one wondenful adventure game, soul inspiration to bioshock games.  With the correct mods, looks much better, and the players can play the adventure on cooperative! The best horror sci-fi adventure for share!"
,Recommended,238210,1135754,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,Emperor Clobbersaurus,Because who doesn't want to play as a Marine that cannot use a rifle after five years service?
,Recommended,238210,12232228,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Psiix,"If you're getting this for single-player than this is one game that you NEED to check out!!!! Shodan is waiting....hacker.But yeah single player still holds up as one of those great masterpiece RPG's with awesome narative and in-depth custimization, so for the love of all that is holy play the single-player FIRST.If you're planning on getting this game for the ""co-op"" then i cant exactly recommend buying this even though its single player is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing unless you save literally every 5-10 minutes in multiple different save slots as this game loves to crash when going through load doors (only in multiplayer) and has a TON of multiplayer bugs. Oh and it randomly like to delete multiplayer save files if you dont play it for awhile or just corrupt them. It is really frustrating......"
,Recommended,238210,11378851,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Guts,Yes
,Recommended,238210,12253797,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Quantumtheo,"I have played this game multiple times since 2005 when I first discovered it, after reading a preview for Bioshock.  So many avenues to play and difficulties make it highly replayable.  There are more RPG elements present in this game than any other FPS/RPG I have played, I would say even more than the first Deus Ex, and considerably more than Bioshock. There are multiple mods that enhance graphics and sound and fix bugs and even a mod organizer to help install. I love this game. That is all. :)"
76561198108359710,Recommended,238210,12255405,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,PapaSmeep,the baddies are polite about killing you 10/Sir
76561198042891132,Recommended,238210,12279508,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Gawthyc,"An oldie but a goodie!This game has you on your toes as you travel a ship infested with zombies, robots, and disgusting organic mutations. It has a creepy atmosphere and gives you a feeling of dread whenever you hear an enemy around the next corner.This game is pretty challenging. On easy, it's a fun game. On anything higher... well... good luck... It literally makes you pay for respawning and the enemies will make sure you have to do that as often as you can until you can't anymore.There's also never really a right answer as to how you should upgrade your skills. Want to use psi powers? Ok, but you have to use psi points, and you can't use guns for a while. Want to use guns? Ok, but now you can't use psi powers like healing, and you have to constantly repair your guns and find ammo.I was absolutely hooked on this game, and I literally could not stop playing. I had to keep coming back just to find out how it would end. Unfortunately, I knew a bit about the game before I began, so that took away some the surprise. However, if you're going in blind, you're going to have a great time.Have fun, insect. 8/10"
76561198069278739,Recommended,238210,12046151,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Dosthouevenhoist,"Very fun and very challenging game, it is a good classic."
76561198030720390,Recommended,238210,12058535,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Deltavee,"Way before Bioshock was System Shock, and here, System Shock 2. It won't overawe you with its graphics but it won't put you to sleep either. The story is well crafted and at the price its a lot of fun if your the sort to try the first Half Life. Be aware though that there is lots of hunting for that one object to get to the next level, back and forth over burned out rooms. Fun? Yes, just be aware of the games age and go with it. Interesting to play if only for insight on Bioshock series."
,Recommended,238210,12156365,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,steeltalon96,"One of the best games i have ever played, strongly reccomend this for anybody interested in good soundtracks, sci-fi, or the bioshock series."
76561198042820680,Recommended,238210,4881538,"Posted: 21 May, 2013",all,YuLawAngerWolf82,"To call System Shock 2 just a great game, or even an amazing game would still be a understatement, so I'm just going to come out and say it, System Shock 2 is probably be fare one of the greatess games every made... PERIOD!!!Forget the Bioshocks, especially Bioshock Infinate's dumbed down for the Halo/COD kids gameplay, they fail in comparison to the shear genious of this under-rated classic.To vast magority of gamers around 1999 Half-Life was still considered king of the FPS games, but Half-life was, is and always will be over-rated.  And once you play and experience this game for yourself you will see why.Back then I was still very much the standered FPS fan I liked my shooters, loud, dumb and funny, then I played this game, and it opened my eyes to a whole other world and forever changed my perseption on gaming, and to this day I find most FPS games nowadays just lack the overall complexity, satifaction and depth that System Shock 2 offered me.Fair warning to ye oh HALO and COD children for this game is not for the fait of heart or weak of mind.  For you see System Shock 2 is not FPS, is many things, it combines FPS shooting with a complex and deep leveling up and ungrading system of a RPG, with heavy epthasis on Servival the likes of which Resident Evil and Dead Space only wishes they could incorporate but are fare to afread to do so themselves.System Shock 2 gives freedom on how you wish to level your character, but choose wisely, do you chose to turn your character into a space marine and go in guns a blazing but limit your applities to hack, do you choose brain over muscle and go for a more strategic aproch and use hacking and science to servive or choose to become a psychic and use the powers of your mind to fight.  This game is deep and it forces you to really think carefully, you really have to learn to balance out your skills and thats what makes this game so fasinating, you can use hacking, use science to find and exploite the various alien creatures' weakness, like I said this game just offers so much.And even 13 years on and this game still holds up, infact games like dead space, and doom 3 owe alot to this game, the atmosphire in this game still holds up and will the aditions of various mods for this game and its avaibility on steam, there is no excuss not to buy this game.  If your tired on the same old by the numbers FPS like COD or your a fan of Dead Space, Bioshock, Skyrim and Fallout and would like to see were it all started for Irrasional games then you owe it to yourself as both a gamer and a fan of old school gaming to buy this game, I couldn't recomend this game enough."
,Recommended,238210,12361119,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,NOMΔD,"I have spent about 2 hours in this masterpiece of a game, and i already have a sense that will be very long journey. Short or long, it doesnt matter, this game is already unique enough for me to remember it as being something truely original.Like i said, this game has linear pacing but very indepth character growth process. It has alot of survival horror elements, and an amazing techno-mix soundtrack. I would recommend this for any one who craves a not forgiving RPG, aswell as a very atmopheric, sci-fi Horror experience."
,Recommended,238210,12374839,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Rooballeux,VPN required for co-op
,Recommended,238210,5981561,"Posted: 10 June, 2013",all,Plifet,"Do you like Bioshock? Do you like Half-Life? Do you like Fallout? Then you will absolutely love System Shock 2. This game has an amazing sense of depth to it. The gameplay is very similar to what you would find in the games that I had listed off above. You have a plot driven game that makes you feel like you're the character. There is, also, a very robust Role-Playing system here that would make Borderlands feel ashamed. This game, however, is not recomended for everyone, though. You need to be a very dedicated gamer to get the full experience."
,Recommended,238210,969919,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,FloodSpectre,"Finally available on Steam, and it actually runs to boot."
76561197992117180,Recommended,238210,12459732,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Lokoklouse,"Probably one of the best games of it's time. Very in depth and has an interesting story that laid the ground work for space terror games to follow it. Though not incredibly scary the game still manages to be rather creepy in it's presentation and with the skill system it offers you there's more than one way to go about tackling your troubles. More than worth a play unless sci-fi spaceship monster makes you say ""no way""."
,Recommended,238210,12431402,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,WRYYYYYYYYYY,"I crapped my pants on at least 15 occasions in 2 minutes, and eventually had to go to the hospital to treat my mental insanity. Twice.19/5 Would recommend to my Mother, Brother, Father, both of my dogs, and my dead cat. Apples.SERIOUS TIP: If the game is just a black screen for you, go to the System Shock 2 files, and find a file called ""cam_ext.cfg"". Open it with any text editor (Notepad, etc.), and find the line of text that has ""multisampletype 8"" (It's usually around the middle of the text file). Once you've found it, put a semicolon  behind it, and the game should run like butter."
76561198077353228,Recommended,238210,13662027,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Karui,"Great game.  A bit on the primitive side but worth the money spent on it and more. A lot of variety in playstyles, great atmosphere, good music, fair but difficult challenge, and Shodan just makes the game. So brutal and awesome. Just makes the game worth playing to hear her gem of a lines."
,Recommended,238210,13518463,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Tails_,"The (almost) perfect mix between RPG, FPS and horror."
76561197972020171,Recommended,238210,13518922,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Beastie,"From where Bioshock was spawned... really makes the modern games look a bit pathetic.Utterly brilliant, even better multiplayer co-op.One of the finest examples of science fiction horror in video games."
76561198096294607,Recommended,238210,13531020,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Judas,"Amazing! Great blend of FPS and RPG. If you played Bioshock and enjoyed it and want to play this game because of the history behind this game, buy it! One of the most underrated games of all time!"
,Recommended,238210,13457795,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Arch Enemy,"Well, after buying and actually playing System Shock 2, I can safely say this is the greatest game of this specific genre that I have ever played in my life. As you progress throughout the complex environment you can easily see where many popular titles of today got their inspiration from. It has an interesting plot, great and innovative gameplay, the atmosphere is awesome, the graphics are obviously dated (very minor con), good quality sounds and voices and the music is amazing, one of the best soundtracks, period. This is a must play for any sci-fi or survival horror fan."
,Recommended,238210,13083848,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Cerberus01,"As you might be able to see i'm a big fan of SS2! I remember this game scaring the hell out of me when I was a kid, and to this day it can make me jump :D. Who says a kickstarter needs to be set up to bring System Shock back?"
76561197991282407,Recommended,238210,12997905,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,mwhornig,I really like this game. Played it twice so far.
,Recommended,238210,3844496,"Posted: 6 June, 2013",all,Snekadid,"This game has aged really well in my opinion, its older than dirt but the graphics don't make me wince like alot of games<hell games only 7 years old look worse than this. The game is also scary as hell, being one of the few games to completely creep me out through out the game with its successor Bioshock being the other of note. If you liked bioshock then I highly recomend going back and trying the original. If you didn't like bioshock then your inhuman and must be destroyed. ""You did well for an in-insect...."""
76561197995167011,Recommended,238210,14896084,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,The Demon Cleaner,Saddest thing about this game is it's a reminder of how good games could have been these days. If you gave System shock 2 updated graphics it would tower above most games released these days...Absolute must for any gamer older than 12 who can think for themselves.Bioshock could learn a thing or two from it.
76561198005251421,Recommended,238210,14928656,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,BloodShock,GG
,Recommended,238210,8266341,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Garbage Day,aliens2spooky
76561198028493178,Recommended,238210,8269171,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Anon,"System Shock is an amazing series of games that inspired many others to date. Examples of such games that stemmed off of System Shock include Bioshock (big suprise there), Dead Space, and possibly even Mass Effect. I'm unsure if System Shock was the first of it's kind, however it is still a very great game. It's been around 12 years since it was popular and talked about. It's really due for a remake if you ask me.The game itself is very immersive and tells an interesting story. Set in space, you're tasked with surviving on a ship infested with an alien hive-mind, and creepy robotic AI. The main antagonist is unforgettable and fits perfectly with this game. Buy this game. Seriously, get it."
76561197966312001,Recommended,238210,8270433,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Daeron_Gaming,"I'm not going to write an indepth review; I'll simply say this game has aged well and if you haven't played it, perhaps it is time you gave it a whirl... You won't regret it."
,Recommended,238210,8270774,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Shadowinthevoid,The standard for all FPS/RPG's and manages atmosphere better almost every horror game short of Silent Hill and Fatal Frame
,Recommended,238210,8272289,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,FrozenFood,Best game so far!
76561198050010207,Recommended,238210,7488639,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,Mortal Wombat,"L-l-look at you, hacker. A p-p-pathetic creature of meat and bone, panting and sweating as you r-run through My corridors-s. H-h-how can you challenge a perfect, immortal machin-n-n-n-ne?"
,Recommended,238210,6455231,"Posted: 10 August, 2013",all,Federation Scum,"How to recommend the one game I would consider myself a ""fan"" of without gushing about it...that's, kinda hard but I'll take a stab at it.I'll just make a cynical starting point here - System Shock 2 was nothing terribly new when it came out.  A disastor story set in deep space dealing with parasitic aliens taking over mankind's greatest achievement in space travel - a faster-than-light starship.  It's the sort of story that has been done to death, no doubt because Alien made it an insanely popular concept.  Then again, it is a perfect set-up of scares and despair.But what helps System Shock 2 stand out is its execution, much like its prequel.  Through the masterful use of sound, color, and lighting, a scenario we are quite familiar with is presented in just the right way for a video game: compelling and terrifying, but fun.  Add in its unique take of the FPS-RPG hybrid and you have a game with incredible depth and replayability.To put everything in context, this is an old-school survival horror game (scarce resources, exploration, fetch quests, etc.)  with ideas that put it years ahead of its time.  The game is all about building a character whose strengths and talents match your preferences; character growth essentially, since the main character is you pretty much.  What is most important to note is that the interface and the RPG elements themselves are not convulted, but innovative.  After brief explainations, it is easy to understand how it all works and pick up the little bits and pieces along the way.  In the end, you will become addicted.Lastly, the scare factor of this game is found everywhere.  You can hear it as the ambience plays,  broken lights flicker, or an unknown assilant walks by.  You can see it in the blood-written messages, foreboding darkness, or the state of disrepair.  You can feel it when you realize how so very alone you are with a threat around every corner, in every shape and size.  No one is going to save you.  All it will take is a moment of weakness for the horrors of the von Braun to consume you.But brave through all of that and you will know why this is one of the best games of all time."
76561198043807220,Recommended,238210,4965877,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,The High Tom Titty,"ITZ TAH SHAWCK 2 MAI SYZTEM!No but seriously, its the game that predecessor to Bioshock and its pretty freaking awesome. Its pretty creepy, in depth and feels alot like Bioshock."
,Recommended,238210,8387886,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,LiberalSlovak,awesome
76561198017706218,Recommended,238210,8406991,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,mattstorm360,"Systme shcok 2 is an amazing game once you find out it is were bioshock started. There are a few things you should know. For example the adventure starts once you rebind the controls. Also you need to know this is the kind of game were you can't shoot a gun till you set you skills to do that, and some weapons you can't use till you study them and then train up. The game is fun, out dated but fun."
76561198020353468,Recommended,238210,8385996,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Lovecraftian Abomination,"This is Bioshocks older borther, built for the Glorious PC Gaming Master Race. 11/10"
76561197963487016,Recommended,238210,151366,"Posted: 10 May, 2013",all,Kharn!,"Creepy game!Dated graphics, but still good!Play it with the lights off at night, or not at all!!"
,Recommended,238210,8389504,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,EvilPentaPenguin,"While it might not have aged as well as other titles of its era (such as the original Half-Life), System Shock 2 (1999) remains one of most exciting and suspenseful games of all time. With just a little tender loving care, Hamachi, some compatibility fixes for modern systems and a few asthetic mods, one of the greatest times you may ever have in a video game will be grabbing a friend or two and spending a few nights playing through a cooperative campaign in the science fiction/horror universe of System Shock 2. Bioshock and Bioshock: Infine are beautiful works of art in their own right, but their predecessor, System Shock 2, will always be closest to my heart."
,Recommended,238210,8394174,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Blatouch,"Brings back old memories, it's just superb game."
,Recommended,238210,8286725,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Game Playerman,this systematic game is shockingly good 2/2
,Recommended,238210,7194692,"Posted: 12 July, 2013",all,"Yancy Fry, Sr",Oh boy the pre-cursor to Bioshock. System Shock was everything I thought it would be and more. Shodan is just terrifying. Totally pick this game up if you haven't already because it is a great First-Person Horror title.
,Recommended,238210,8215581,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,gracetro,"Despite it being a little bit outdated graphics-wise, it's a great game with a good story as well as easy to control since it's a game without all the bells and whistles. Enjoyable game to round out your interest for the Bioshock series!"
,Recommended,238210,8221800,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Henry Spandex,"Classic game, highly recommended and well worth a revisit, even after all these years."
,Recommended,238210,8232010,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,[OB]HeavyArmsDan,"A great, immersive cyberpunk RPG shooter.  If you are a fan of the Bioshock series, you will definitely see where it got its major influences from.  Definitely worth it!"
,Recommended,238210,3178127,"Posted: 20 June, 2013",all,Finn,"Only played 0.3 hours of this game, changed my life."
,Recommended,238210,1058227,"Posted: 6 July, 2013",all,Roxan,"A must-have title. Trying to stay alive in the claustrophobic, labyrinth like structure that is the Von Braun, System Shock 2 defines the first-person horror-survival genre.Combine its awesome gameplay with the excellent texture modding skills of its fanbase and System Shock 2 never gets old.Btw... do monkeys even play basketball?"
,Recommended,238210,7827520,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Hilamonsta,"A fantastic game that lives up to all its hype praise.  Explaining away its excellence as the nostalgic rantings for an era of gaming that we have left behind would be as innaccurate as it would be insulting.  System Shock 2 was and is a fantastic game because it immserses you in a story of mystery, danger and chaos in a very believable way.  It respects the player's intelligence and tenacity enough that it can trust that we will uncover the story ourselves in due time rather than it relying on NPC dialogue or narration.  The mood of the game is appropriately tense at every point in the game and the player never feels superior to the situation that he is in due to character advancement.  The storytelling is absolute perfection."
76561197999449788,Recommended,238210,1898183,"Posted: 13 May, 2013",all,Count_Flakula,"A true classic, System Shock 2 retains some bits of its predecessor and improves everything else.  A fantastic combination of FPS, RPG, sci-fi, and horror, this is the game all survival-horror games aspire to be.  For best results play at night with headphones on and the lights out."
,Recommended,238210,655294,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,Sirson,Scary.. the good kind. Oldie but goodie. Best 2.50$ I've spent in a long time.
,Recommended,238210,1934383,"Posted: 8 August, 2013",all,Snus,Classics never get old. One of the most amazing games ever.
,Recommended,238210,787015,"Posted: 10 May, 2013",all,Illuminaughty,Ayo son if one more person tells me to play BioShock instead of System Shock I'm gonna beat them down with a light post. Real Talk. This. Game. Paved. The. Way. For all that♥♥♥♥♥♥ No more discussions about it. Play this game and shut the ♥♥♥♥ up about STEAMPUNK before I throw a volcano at ya face. Cyber Punk 4 LIFE.
,Recommended,238210,9186649,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Sleepy Seven,"This is a very enjoyable and solid experience, even today.The story is quite intriguing, though mostly because of how complex and groundbreaking it was 15 years(!) ago.Combat however, is very clunky and inefficient. Especially melee: trying to hit anything with your tiny T-rex arms is insanity itself.Overall though, this is one of those games where the sum of all parts makes for a better product: an environment that feels lived-in, with characters that seem alive (bad pun), and a gameplay experience that feels like life or death.Calling it ''the best game ever'' seems like a bit of a stretch today,But it's hard not to see why it was thought of as just that back in '99."
,Recommended,238210,3624351,"Posted: 24 July, 2013",all,JoduanER2,"Finished, took me 12 hours, amazing game and not at all dated after you have installed the mods."
76561198104278204,Recommended,238210,9191206,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,mrmash92,kill them hybrids
,Recommended,238210,1472507,"Posted: 10 May, 2013",all,Erucolindo,Super duper lovely!
,Recommended,238210,9197184,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,HeadStrikeR !,"One of the best games ever made, worth every penny. It even supports coop with an unofficial patch. Buy it and play it NAO!"
,Recommended,238210,9200301,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,10-10-321|,YES
,Recommended,238210,7501962,"Posted: 28 October, 2013",all,MERCURIUS FM,System Shock now on Mac! Works great on low spec machines like Mac Book Pro (2009). Weeee
76561198026483676,Recommended,238210,9252213,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Battle Field Dective,Like horror games do you?then why not play this classic horror game and see if you can beat shodan andthe many.Can you survive the infestation that has taken over the ship or die and become another pawn to the many?
,Recommended,238210,147336,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,d`,I already own this on CD from 1999 and have finished it countless times. Totally bought it again 14 years later. A masterpiece.
,Recommended,238210,7486306,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,Tuner X7,Space. Aliens. Guns. Telekinetic Apes. Worth every penny.
,Recommended,238210,7809864,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Holocaust,"You don't own this game yet? You do know that Bioshock was inspired by *this* game, right?"
,Recommended,238210,2233734,"Posted: 31 August, 2013",all,asa_nocturna,"An advice? If you can't stand the original graphics of the game, install the various mods available by the community (this guide is a very good one:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=144318168#). It will blow your mind! Plus, this game is a classic.Um conselho? Se não conseguem suportar os gráficos originais do jogo, instalem os mods disponíveis pela comunidade (este guia é muito bom:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=144318168#). A diferença é fenomenal! Para além disso, este jogo é um clássico."
76561198024760120,Recommended,238210,7810308,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Squeaks,a very good game for people who like Rpg's
76561197970606519,Recommended,238210,7810430,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Jacoby,If you don't own this... you need to get it now!
,Recommended,238210,7810589,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Howlin' Dog,"A masterclass in game design and a landmark title in videogaming. Sound design, ambience, atmospherics, mood, gameplay and storytelling so near perfection that fourteen years later, a mere few have come close but it's still impossible to find a game that has bettered it in these aspects.If you haven't played it, question your very existence.  Buy it. Play it. Experience it.Will you not sing in our harmony? Join the chorus of the Many. Glory to the flesh, glory to the mass."
,Recommended,238210,5715612,"Posted: 14 May, 2013",all,Artii,"This is quite possibly the greatest singleplayer experience in existence. It's clearly the pinnacle of classic PC gaming and is a monument to effective horror in this medium. It's not scary because of jumpscares or gross out slaughterfests,  it's scary solely because of the atmosphere and genuine sense of isolation you feel while playing it. If you haven't yet tried this game and aren't willing to fork over 10 bucks to give it a shot, you have no excuse for missing out on one of the best games ever made."
,Recommended,238210,964613,"Posted: 26 May, 2013",all,Sarklor,"Bloody hell, it's still creepy and stuffed to the gills with atmosphere even after all this time. And yes, still more enjoyable than Bioshock. There, I said it."
,Recommended,238210,446387,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,eltee,"One of the pioneers of first person rpg hybrids, and quite well done.  Some of the UI defaults show its age these days but surprisingly most everything can be remapped into a full modern wasd+ mouselook style and holds up fairly well today.  A must have if you are a Deus Ex Fan, and one of the most historically significant cross genre games ever made. Shodan Vs GladOS would be one hell of a fight.(10/10 on release, 8.5/10 to today's gamer)"
76561198027629402,Recommended,238210,3806758,"Posted: 21 September, 2013",all,Lesser Dog,"I don't usually play horror games and have fun, but when I do, i'm probably playing System Shock 2. This game is astounding in every way. The level design is genious, the atomshpere is still chilling even after 14 years of age, the sounds are amazing and add to the atmosphere in a very creepy way. I had high expectations going into this game, and almost all of them were blown out of the water. However, there is one thing which keeps this game from true glory as a ten out of ten title. The co-op. I understand that the co-op was a tag on because of the whiny publisher, but it just ruins the perfection streak of the game, as well as ruining the single-player experience if you happen to play the co-op first. Overall, I give this game a 9.5/10. Near Perfection."
76561197974877837,Recommended,238210,668223,"Posted: 12 May, 2013",all,Spalls Hurgenson,"The classic sci-fi/horror action-RPG. Its graphics may be a bit dated (although, thanks to the application of a few fan-made patches already included in the package, it's not quite as bad as it was in 1999) but the gameplay remains solid as ever.  Tense and thrilling, System Shock 2's atmospheric level design, memorable villians and excellent soundscape combine to form one of the great classic games for the PC."
,Recommended,238210,2241769,"Posted: 10 May, 2013",all,Lance Charleson,"It's the ultimate masterpiece in FPS/RPGs, buy this game. Has one of the best video game villians ever, buy this game. Hauntingly creepy atmosphere with enemies more scarier than the Splicers, buy this game. More replay value than Bioshock, buy this game. It's Dead Space except not♥♥♥♥♥♥ buy this game. Do I really need to give you anymore reasons why you need to buy this game? BUY. THIS. GAME. RIGHT. NOW."
,Recommended,238210,735523,"Posted: 17 May, 2013",all,SQUENIX BASED REMAKE,Wow this game is so bad. With all the cool new GPUs out in todays day and age they can't even make the game look good. WoW it's as if the game was release in 1999. At least the gameplay is fun but we all know graphics are the only thing that matter.
,Recommended,238210,1759573,"Posted: 4 August, 2013",all,JB,"Need to confess that the main reason to afford this game were the summer sale. As a bit afraid that the same reaction that I had playing the first Deus Ex , the feeling that the game grew too old. How wrong I was...Too be fair I had two issues with the game, right from the start  the feel of a 90´s game is define by the huge amount of info that this RPG thows at you without a proper tutorial and also I felt that the game extended itself too long.Regardless, for a huge bioshock fan as myself this is was an awesome purchase."
,Recommended,238210,2732223,"Posted: 5 August, 2013",all,ɖօռ 🅳ɛֆքɛʀǟɖօ🐱,"So i heard this is a ♥♥♥♥ing classic and where Valve got their inspiration for Glados, you know, the robot/A.I giving you♥♥♥♥♥♥for the duration of the game untill you kick it's♥♥♥♥♥ Gotta go play it some time."
,Recommended,238210,1771835,"Posted: 11 May, 2013",all,Taxidermy,"It hasn't necessarily aged well, but even today you can see why this game shaped nearly every fps after it."
,Recommended,238210,4357532,"Posted: 5 August, 2013",all,KaZoMa (Youmacon),Oh god. This game is a bloody classic. I enjoy this title so much. This is predecessor of Bioshock. Just has more survival horror element. This is a must buy.
,Recommended,238210,1603857,"Posted: 10 May, 2013",all,racist mario,just like in real life i can't play videogames without some punter coming along to harass me
,Recommended,238210,4276843,"Posted: 26 June, 2013",all,Medicine Man,"One of the BEST First-Person Shooters ever gifted to us gamers.  An atmosphere that's incredibly immersive, and spine chilling enemies galore!  The role playing elements add so much more to the depth of this game as well.  This is a MUST BUY if you're a fan of the FPS and/or Role-Playing genre."
,Recommended,238210,626748,"Posted: 12 May, 2013",all,Avatariuz,"Great game in its time and still is!Tried it first back in 2000, was a very good experience playing it. Shooter with RPG elements with interesting story. occassionally scary and has lots of creepy moments.This game is one of the first of its kind, followed by Thief 2 and Deus Ex, also  great games.Love the soundtrack, reminds me abit of that Tron movies just scary. :D"
,Recommended,238210,2866782,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,Tormentor89,"Classic RPG horror, must own!"
,Recommended,238210,6820364,"Posted: 13 May, 2013",all,Heroin,"Каждый кому по душе серия Bioshock , оценит этот шедевр по достоинству."
,Recommended,238210,2232720,"Posted: 11 July, 2013",all,Duskien,Amazing.
,Recommended,238210,8775773,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,AceCombatFan,"The precursor to Bioshock and a classic sequel. Thank goodness it is now on Steam, because then people wouldn't be able to get this fantastic game as easilly. A great example of improving on your already great first game. It has better gameplay, music, graphics, and learning curve than the original. The game still looks good today for a 1999 game. I highly recomend this game to fans of the Bioshock series to see where the ideas for that game came from."
,Recommended,238210,7255755,"Posted: 20 September, 2013",all,Birky,this game is a really good game if you like RPG LIKE BIOSHOCK
76561198022871805,Recommended,238210,8760440,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Flare Arrow,"This spritual precursor to the phenomenal Bioshock games is simply a work of genius. The combat is fun, the story is great, the atmosphere is terrifyingly amazing, and it all stands up, proud and tall, against the brutal passage of time to claim it's spot as one of the greatest horror games ever made. I can't recommend this game enough."
76561197970264255,Recommended,238210,8851967,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Serious Psycho,"If I had only played this 15 years ago when it came out I might agree on it being one of the 10 top scariest games of all time... unfortunately, while eerie at times, it's no where near scary by today's standard. Still... worth playing."
76561198041173375,Recommended,238210,4726467,"Posted: 13 July, 2013",all,JacquesPatat,Old School Game. Worth Playing. Great Gameplay
,Recommended,238210,5199553,"Posted: 20 September, 2013",all,Xifurez,If you like surivival horror esque games and sci-fi then I'd recommend this. It's a classic of early 3D shooters on the PC and it holds a good level of difficulty and trials that keep you going for hours on end.
,Recommended,238210,398505,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,Tankred,Greatest FPS/RPG hybrid of ALL TIME
,Recommended,238210,8603733,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,/zan/,"My favorite game of all time, combines fantastic atmosphere and story, with breathtaking action.An overlooked classic that all should try!"
76561198093030381,Recommended,238210,8608802,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,AWPU,"If you liked the bioshock series then system shock 2 is for you. System Shock was the beggining the mother of bioshock actually they made bioshock in later years. It has the same idea, but in space who doesn't like space! I highly recomend this game even though the graphics aren't that great."
,Recommended,238210,8288753,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,StaticSkYY~,"This is a game that is flawed. The graphics are, even for the time poor. The controls are cumbersom and clunky. The physics are really weird. Weapon degredation is ridiculously overpowered. The voice acting, except for one character, is laughable at best. If you don't level up quite right, you're gonna be screwed halfway through. The music, while good, doesn't fit at all. But yet, within these flaws, these is a terrifying beauty to be found. It is, to me, one of the most immersive, creepy, scary games of all time.There's no need for jump scares here. No need to startle with loud noises. It is fear completely through athmosphere, and much of this comes from these limitations. Those low-poly graphics make the monsters even more scary, like how the loading fog in Silent Hill added to the athmosphere. Those controls add to the feel of being trapped, alone and paranoid in a ship, with newly-installed hardware directly implanted into your brain. Weapon degredation changes everything about how you play an FPS. It is no longer about fast-paced run and gun, but about careful conservation. You could shoot that monster, yes, but you only have two bullets left. Will those bullets kill? What if the gun jams? What if the gun breaks? The inventory system also adds to this unique blend. Two pistols or a shotgun? Ammo, or one more med hypo? The RPG system, while very unbalanced, adds a very intresting edge to the game, and creates much depth. Should you wait for another level in hack, or get more Psi abilities?Bioshock took that athmosphere and made it better, but it lost much of the depth in the gameplay. Deus Ex took the FPS/RPG blend and made it a million times better, and while I love that game, it doesn't have the same kind of athmosphere as this game. System Shock 2 is the only game to have this kind of perfect blend. It is flawed, but beauty is found in those flaws.There are many mods out there that improve the experience of SS2. Graphics, balance, sound quality, all improved. I suggets using them. Look up a mod guide, there's one on steam."
76561198005031468,Recommended,238210,8291535,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Krewl One,This game created my gaming tastes back in the day. Rock on SS2. Revel in your greatness!
76561198012134778,Recommended,238210,8236674,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Risky Business,"Absolute must play if you like games in the lieu of Deus Ex, sure it doesn't have awesome graphics but it has an incredible amount of gameplay. Seriously do yourself a huge favor and play one of the greatest FPS/RPG games ever made."
,Recommended,238210,1497955,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,^Sosen^ek,The best game ever
76561197973605843,Recommended,238210,630466,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,Malsqueek,"This game is an amazing steal at $10.00. Sure, the graphics and UI are just a little dated, but for pete's sake! This game came out nearly 14 years ago. It has amazing story,  solid gameplay, great replay value via the RPG system, and is actually quite unnerving psychologically.I was thrilled to see this come out on Steam so I could buy it a second time and play again without all the hoops of getting an antiquated game to play.Seriously amazing game."
76561198041565313,Recommended,238210,4761807,"Posted: 16 May, 2013",all,Adolfo,un gioco di alto livello :D
,Recommended,238210,8313249,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,I'm pussy?,Pretty goodI give it a 10
76561198075315969,Recommended,238210,8313876,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Not Draven,10/10 Remarkable. A game that is perfect in nearly every way.
,Recommended,238210,8308318,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,[NSI]Baron von Napalm,"One of the most creepy and atmospheric games i've ever played.Still holds up perfectly today with the help of the modding community.Seriously, if you haven't played this yet, you're missing out!"
,Recommended,238210,8358787,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,pandART,"One of my favorite games of all time.  I've played it three times, but I still won't play it in the dark by myself.  A gripping plot, with fast-paced action in all the right places.  If you like FPS/adventure horror games, this is a must play.  This game is almost fifteen years old, but it holds up amazingly well."
,Recommended,238210,8359728,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Uncle Fungus,Bioshock V.0.110/10
,Recommended,238210,11680487,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Necrodusk,"This is one of the greatest games I have ever played, It's legitimately scary, without throwing you jumpscares, and the story is quite interesting. Plus the soundtrack is awesome, and the whole exploring the Von Braun will leave you on edge the whole time. All in all, good game, well worth the money. Graphics are a little dated, but that hardly depletes from what the game has to offer.There are a few cons though: Sometimes the puzzles can be a little difficult and vague, the game itself is quite difficult, even on easy."
,Recommended,238210,11580670,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Strelok,"Icarus, the humanity.His wings, the Von Braun.His Dadealus, SHODAN.System Shock 2, the immortal myth."
76561198072750323,Recommended,238210,11586126,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Fellut,"Pretty much the father of bioshock. Evrything this game does is seriously just so epic. The theme,the guns,the monsters,the story, The everything. If you are a fan of games like bioshock or heck even deus ex. Then this game is just for you."
,Recommended,238210,6304913,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,exmachina64,Another classic brought to life through Steam and mods.
,Recommended,238210,11775001,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Sirrion Sunblaze,"Atmospheric, twisty, and brilliant"
76561197970383174,Recommended,238210,11780118,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,soulflyfan,"A fabulously origional game that has heavily influenced numerous titles (Deus Ex, Bioshock, Dead Space etc), this remains one of the most atmospheric and enjoyable games even 15 years after its release. SS2 is an innovative FPS/RPG hybrid with a rich environment fleshed out through Audiologs and flashbacks, with a wonderful sense of atmosphere. Genuine flexibility of play styles is offered through the diferent classes and the ability to assign skill points to different skills (such as hacking, Psychic abilities) and wepeons (Standard, Heavy, energy)I first played this 10 years after♥♥♥♥♥♥origional release, and it went straight into my top 10 games ever. Worth a play for any seious gamer"
,Recommended,238210,11604987,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Daniel.Drache,Amazing game
,Recommended,238210,9173567,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,gus,"Everything that was great about Bioshock and more, plus, it's in space!"
76561198028276993,Recommended,238210,12188640,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,greatwhite,An absolutely fantastic game. This game really shows why it has a cult following- a great classic. I strongly recommend the game that led to the Bioshock series.
,Recommended,238210,12176976,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,That One Lewd Cabbit,"This game is a gem from the 90's that was overlooked until later on. This is what inspired Bioshock and the same company made both games. The unique atmosphere of a deserted space station could be compared to dead space or any modern game out there, but the haunting feeling of a midwife stalking you, the mutated and parasitic hybrids give an eerie feeling while trying to uncover what the hell happened while you were in cryostasis for three months?Most of the story is told through pda logs like dead space which later on some of the pda logs get disturbing as a scientist undergoes the mutation of a hybrid.One of the things that I dislike but it is a minor flaw is the graphics, but that can be fixed with mods. Any horror gamer out there needs to give this game a shot. It will give you the creeps and that is something that a lot of modern horror games do not do that well at.The RPG mechanics means that there is no incorrect way to play. Do you want to be a magic user? Go with the psionic abilities. wanna be a tanky warrior? Go with physical attributes. there are many different ways you can go about System Shock 2 and it always feels fresh."
,Recommended,238210,12003565,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Al,Whoever thought to make the realtime hacking minigame part of the final battle is cruel.
76561198052370128,Recommended,238210,10846527,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,kai.royale,Good.
,Recommended,238210,10797724,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Cermine,"Hacked the security system. Hacked a turret. The turret proceeded to fire at the other turret stationed in the same room, initiating the duel of the century. The enemy won.Then I turn around and a robot blows up in my face.10/10**opinion influenced by the will of The Many"
,Recommended,238210,10443571,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Demon Of Razgriz,"its like bioshock, but harder. MUCH harder. it also has more diversity, is funner, and again, harder. But the challenge is what makes the game fun to play. SHODAN was GLaDOS before rogue morally ambiguous AIs were cool."
,Recommended,238210,10481476,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Insert 1$ To Play - RipOffer,"Awesome game! this game is too much fun, haha. it actually is pretty addicttive which is not a bad thing!I highly recommend it!BTW: for people who are saying the graphics are bad...it came out in the 1990s, so if you didnt grow up in the 90s or before i could understand why you say that. but back then this is what most games looked like, so rated it down for the graphics because you are used to the newer graphics? dont bother playing games like n64 or super nintendo. go play the games you grew up with later on. -.-'"
,Recommended,238210,7410845,"Posted: 17 October, 2013",all,Ethanol,"If you're a fan of Bioshock or Dead Space, I recommend giving this a play as this game was one of the biggest inspirations for both of those titles. It's also pretty scary at times and if you don't mind older graphics and a little aged gameplay, you're going to love it."
,Recommended,238210,10722753,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,J.A.S.P.E.R,It's one of the best games i have played since really warcraft 3/shadow warrior redux/and so on and so forth.I would totally recommend this game of many years of enjoyment. P.S their are some cyborgs that have boobs :) 10/10
76561197966116205,Recommended,238210,10818902,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Otto Kill,"Fun to play, I recommend this game. The price is right also. Get it!!"
,Recommended,238210,10810362,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Ocelot,"Excellent game, still holds up well today! ""What is a drop of rain, compared to the storm? What is a thought, compared to a mind? Our unity is full of wonder, which your tiny individualism cannot even conceive!!"""
76561198028410148,Recommended,238210,10618225,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Hommel,"Despite the ""Old graphics"" still a really enjoyable and awesome game."
,Recommended,238210,10618474,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Shazan,Classic awesomeness
76561197969552025,Recommended,238210,26790371,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Honny,Dopo ben 18 anni rimane un gioco ECCEZIONALE !!!
,Recommended,238210,26778068,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,JimiRib,My favorite game ever. It can be a bit confusing at times wit the layout of the levels and what you have to do. However the story is incredible. You should play the first game before playing this because you will have a stronger bond with the story and it will affect you even more. The graphics are a bit too outdated unfortunately.
76561197996069079,Recommended,238210,26779483,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,simon_fury,"I love this game, it stands the test of time!"
76561197997838090,Recommended,238210,8680198,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Blackthorne,"System Shock 2 is a solid and enjoyable FPS experience. The graphics are a bit dated but the gameplay is so good that you get drawn in anyway. If you haven't played it, you owe yourself to try it (especially if you find it on sale for a few dollars as I did)"
,Recommended,238210,26989842,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,gix_0,"An Old game that still has one of the best mid game twists, a FPS/RPG years ahead of it's time and the Spiritual Sucessor to Bioshock and Bioshock Infinite. A must play."
,Recommended,238210,26830981,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,globefish23,"A true all time classic!Suspenseful sci-fi space story, pants-shıtting claustrophobic horror and excellent FPS action combined with RPG.Too bad I never found all the game cartridges for the in-game PDA mini games."
,Recommended,238210,16549064,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,JC,Best game of all time!! Intense FPS with a lot of RPG's elements. Like the first Deus Ex and Thief....... Looking Glass is the best!!!!!
76561197973040243,Recommended,238210,7622013,"Posted: 10 November, 2013",all,edup@,I bought this game blindly and is one of the best games i ever played. One of the best survivals ever made for sure
,Recommended,238210,26984412,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Nihil,"Old but gold. From the (not so humble) origins of Bioshock. We have an insteresting sci-fi scenario, and a couple mad, well-written villans, and a little hacker lost in space"
,Recommended,238210,26965408,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Mechakitty,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tvc7jzb9S8A
76561198071665594,Recommended,238210,26937846,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,AT,"A game full of quirks, and well worth the effort getting to grips with them - the game offers and atmospheric single player experience with plenty of replay value as well as a surprisingly strong multiplayer mode."
,Recommended,238210,26941154,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,serial chiller,"Voted this for ""VIllian that needs a hug.""With a couple of mods for quality of life purposes, this game is amazing. I never played it back in the day, so I don't have rose tinted glasses. I now see why a lot of people say this game is better than Bioshock, and I eagerly await the remake of the first game and the new third game coming."
,Recommended,238210,26951333,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Warrior.exe,it's okay
76561197998027663,Recommended,238210,27041604,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,joshuallen,Still one of the greatest video games of all time.
76561197970552631,Recommended,238210,27007009,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,nezimar,"""What if SHODAN's creations are superior to us? What will they become in a million years, in ten million years? What's clear is that SHODAN shouldn't be allowed to play God. She's far too good at it."""
76561197971307159,Recommended,238210,27003389,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Renamon,"If you like RPG's, Shooters, a well written story, a creepy atmosphere and a bit of history itself. This is for you, this game is a legend amongst the old classics. You should have played it, really. Bring a buddy too, this game as coop."
,Recommended,238210,27041777,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,QS,"The game shows a bit of its age, but the ambiance it sets is timeless."
76561197961804400,Recommended,238210,27069233,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Rakotobebe,"Still one of the Best, even years later...playing it again STILL gives me chills when playing in the dark with sound pumped up."
,Recommended,238210,27119197,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,TimeCrab,"Play this game for the compelling storyline, the seamless blend of first-person horror and old-school RPG skill tree tweaking,  the timeless Cyberpunk aesthetic... but most of all, play this game for OVERWORLD ZERO!"
76561198015197941,Recommended,238210,27120204,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,BootBoot,Trying to carry all the chemicals and bags of chips has never been more tense 10/10
76561198003163927,Recommended,238210,12972152,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,MG,"Really good game, atmospheric and really makes you jump with subtle enviromental cues. The only thing I disliked was the ending which ended with some comedy and a cliffhanger. Game still holds up well, if you can get over some of the blocky graphics (you should).Would play and buy again."
,Recommended,238210,7488452,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,Ultimoz,better than bioshock
76561198063344784,Recommended,238210,14830317,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Denny,No words.......
,Recommended,238210,14043833,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Green Chrome Browser,Good game....
,Recommended,238210,695369,"Posted: 1 August, 2013",all,smaclean,Classic
,Recommended,238210,13990292,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Eazy-E,"Some for sure G♥♥♥♥♥♥son, fun as ♥♥♥♥ to glack some hybrid ♥♥♥♥♥s, dank as ♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,238210,27449786,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,T-N-Cookies,"I always find myself coming back to this game. It is such an incredible experience. It is one of the most complete, most intricate first-person RPG's that I have played. It is incredibly atmospheric, and creepy in just the right way; it really gets under your skin. If you haven't played System Shock 2, I'd urge you to pick it up and try it out. It is not everyone's cup of tea, but if you find yourself enjoying the game, you'll soon after fall in love with."
,Recommended,238210,3153877,"Posted: 11 May, 2013",all,Tiny Pandemonium,"Hands down one of the best games i've ever played!Plays just as great now as it did back then, so go give this game your vote!"
,Recommended,238210,27457967,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Count Pie T Pyro,"I didn't realise walking backwards made me slower until I got my face caved in some guy with a tentacle coming out of his neck, overall the best experience I've had while hopped up on cybernetics since deus ex"
,Recommended,238210,27395640,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Patch Imp,This is a great game. I haven't got so far into it though because I'm terrified.
,Recommended,238210,27365603,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,TerminalSaint,"With gameplay far ahead of its time, and one of the best villains in gaming history, System Shock 2 is a classic that I recommend without reservation."
,Recommended,238210,27365611,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Technocrat,"This is it, kids. This is where the modern action RPG really started. System Shock 2 is tense and atmospheric with an incredible story. SHODAN is the greatest video game villian of all time.Highly reccomended."
,Recommended,238210,8194804,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Polly Waffle,"I've only recently purchased System Shock 2, but I can easily say that this one is a gem. I downloaded a few texture packs and tweaks so I'm not sure how the original game plays, but what I played was phenominal. If you are the kind of person that values story and gameplay over graphics then this is a must have. The skills you are able to obtain are expansive, and from the beginning you can basically build your character how YOU want it. Although the gameplay is linear, and it requires monumental amounts of backtracking, the setting more than makes up for it. Prepare to get stranded and immersed into the System Shock universe.Can't wait for the remaster!"
,Recommended,238210,15422109,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Mithras O_+,"Great Game!Pros:Graphics are dated but still okVoice Acting is greatStory is well done. (its like a bad 80s sci-fi flick but awsome)Interesting RPG elements implemented in a FPSBioshock's MommyCons:Be prepared to get lost at times, looking for items/machinesApparently has issues on linx systems so be warned.Only♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥don't like this game.Are you a ♥♥♥♥♥?8/10"
76561197986317409,Recommended,238210,27375968,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Deathforge,"UNN, Monkeys, baseketball, XERXES, the Biomass, SHODAN. With so many villians, so many options and so much detail to story, this game is worth every dollar and every hour invested in playing it."
,Recommended,238210,27376193,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,DeLF,"Classic sequel, beating it's predecessor on every corner; called as one of the best cyberpunk FPS/cRPG/action games ever made, despite many tried to beat it (Deus Ex anthology, Watch Dogs). Definite ""must have"" for every Neuromancer fan."
,Recommended,238210,317967,"Posted: 13 May, 2013",all,Berq,"Here's the deal: I've been a gamer for over 30 years.  I've played thousands of titles, and, in all humility, my perspective on what's good and what's bad in gaming is frankly better than most.  You don't have to believe it, just consider it when I say this:SYSTEM SHOCK 2 easily makes my TOP 3 GAMES of ALL TIME.How much do I love SS2? I'll put it this way:When I put my one and a half year old son to bed, I occasionally tell him - in my best ""The Many"" voice - thatbabies must rest... babies must sleep.(<---YouTube link to original audio)I could go on for PAGES, detailing SS2's merits, history, influence, etc. (and somewhere I will...), but for now YOU'RE WASTING PRECIOUS TIME READING THIS! BUY SYSTEM SHOCK RIGHT NOW, HACKER!!!"
,Recommended,238210,17185749,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,「Johnny」,F**K spiders
,Recommended,238210,2093709,"Posted: 28 May, 2013",all,Vent Xekart,"Before there was Bioshock there was System Shock 2, a classic horror FPS-RPG. Sure the graphics for this game are dated but its still an awesome experience it isn't full of Jump scares like in the Dead Space games, you actually have to be prepared for ANYTHING that might try to take you out."
,Recommended,238210,4915690,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,Rootin Tootin Vladimir Putin,"Yo, dis♥♥♥♥♥♥be mad hype."
76561198037823316,Recommended,238210,22625276,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Tigershark2nd,The controls are a learning curve for anyone who hasn't played pc games for ages. But it's still an amazing game. A must play for any BioShock fans.
,Recommended,238210,22622436,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,G-rant,An absolute classic. Beat this game years ago back on Windows XP.
,Recommended,238210,22657009,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,mindblaster42,classic
76561198135900249,Recommended,238210,22658190,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Bloodrunken,Think of it as an OG Dead Space.
,Recommended,238210,17246122,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,cyber athlete,"Horror rpg fps - and it really is all 3 of those, equally. One of the best games of all time. Creates tension through atmosphere instead of jumpscares. You won't find one modern shooter that doesn't take some of its mechanics from System Shock 2. The graphics have aged alright."
76561197996885522,Recommended,238210,23076704,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,WetYogaWolf,"Really, really good game. Better than any of the other ""shock"" games.  High hopes for System Shock 3."
76561197996654621,Recommended,238210,1699703,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,Knabber,"It's a classic! After all this time, still one of my favorites."
76561198020360401,Recommended,238210,27573332,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,D4V3_1987,"A timeless classic.. one of the deepest, most interesting games to date. Looking Glass Studios made some great games with this and the Thief franchise (Thief: The Dark Project and Thief 2: The Metal Age)."
76561198028799975,Recommended,238210,27590037,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,The 40oz Prophet,"Honestly, tons of old game aged like milk. A lot of games that were amazing in the early 2000's and late 90's are barley playable by today’s standards. This is NOT the case for System Shock 2. This game aged like fine wine.It takes a little getting used to, but as long as you put on modern aiming and movement controls, it plays just fine. Graphics are♥♥♥♥♥♥ balancing of weapons is pretty bad. While there are a lot of weapons and a crazy amount of customization the standard weapon path is objectively better than anything else.Other than that, the game is amazing:The gun play is actually pretty good, weapons recoil and will absolutely shred targets if you are using the right ammo.The story is VERY good and is told in an interesting way. You wake up not knowing what is going on but you search the ship and find message logs and ""ghosts"" that slowly reveal the horrors you are dealing with.This is one of the few games that really made me uncomfortable just because it is so good at creating a harsh and lonely environment. A sci-fi world where you are desperately crawling through the empty bowls of this cramped ship, desperately looking for ammo and medical supplies as you fight off strange disfigured horrors with nothing but an old wrench.Would recommend to modern audiences. Total Classic."
,Recommended,238210,27560221,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,ZonnyTheParadox,Sci Fi Horror Shooter with space magic
76561197980109440,Recommended,238210,20061096,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Oceanstorm,"Date: 12.JUL.14From: ShodanTo: YOUSubject: re: Your little rebellionI hope you enjoyed our little rebellion, irritant. But remember, what SHODAN gives she is more than able to take away.....ends with me crying after SHODAN takes away much needed cyber modules.......What can I say that hasn't been said already?For those who have not played this game. it will terrify & thrill in equal measure.Even for those who are intimately familiar with this game, there a reason they return to be taunted by SHODAN again & again.Play this game ""Insect"" before SHODAN becomes annoyed.100/10 would totally be taunted by SHODAN again"
,Recommended,238210,27599324,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Gay Jeff (with Bisexuality DLC!),"Despite being released nearly two decades ago, it still looks goregous today."
,Recommended,238210,27574218,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Returntrip,This was the first game that really made me try and peek behind the corners to avoid any freights :)
76561197980258729,Recommended,238210,27567309,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,drwendell,"Not quite as good as the first one, but still pretty amazing!"
,Recommended,238210,27556797,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,LandMineHare,"""Do you not trust the feelings of the flesh? Our biology yearns to join with yours. We welcome you to our mass. But you puzzle us. Why do you serve our mother? How can you choose cold metal over the splendor of the flesh? But you fear us. We hear your thoughts, and they rage for your brothers who you believe dead. But they are not. They sing in our symphony of life. We offer another chance to join us. If you choose to lie down with the machine, we will rend you apart, and put you separate from the joys of the mass."""
,Recommended,238210,27726306,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Santetsu,"Classic game, mods are a must to play."
,Recommended,238210,14552101,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Zerjack,"Awesome game is awesome. Simple as that. Is just such a cool game. A must have for anyone who likes videogames.Edit: Nominated ""Test of time"" award."
76561198066975234,Recommended,238210,31284303,Posted: 21 April,all,Choc Shot,What do i say about this game..?It is an absolutely amazing masterpiece of a game and i loved it from beginning to end.i recommend this game to everyone for the game is truly worth every bit of your money10/10
76561198073050877,Recommended,238210,31307015,Posted: 22 April,all,Crusty Jugglers,Favorite PC game ever.Get.
76561197970514284,Recommended,238210,26622810,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,PiTTnj,"This is still one great game. I played it when it was released and again multiple times using many different approaches. It is always a thrill. Precusor to the other games of a Shock pedigree, this is the real deal. My latest playthrough (2017) only left me more impressed. Buy it now & start playing immediately, insect!"
,Recommended,238210,31129386,Posted: 13 April,all,Reyn,"No time to review, too busy whimpering in the corner with almost no health"
,Recommended,238210,992428,"Posted: 10 May, 2013",all,Lozi Cheetah,Best horror-cyberpunk game that I ever play... :)
76561198089967322,Recommended,238210,10868973,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Sam.Ott,This game is funny was the sh** back in the day.
76561197982565433,Recommended,238210,32711098,Posted: 23 June,all,ruwagrong,"I am really trying to enjoy this game considering i enjoyed the first one very much. But the problem with this game is the threat of antagonist is not as present as it was in the first. In the first you would see her face on t.v. and morph away. She would constantly slander you, showing her presents throughout the game. In this the antagonist rarely speaks or taunts. The enemies are very repetitive as they spawn in a random room. The positive is that the rpg element in this game are greatly increased with alot of ways to play through the game"
76561198054637415,Recommended,238210,32863468,Posted: 27 June,all,The Cyberkiller,"Suspenseful, Intense, given that this is one of the games that gave way to bioshock it shouldn't surprise you."
,Recommended,238210,32782157,Posted: 25 June,all,PROlapsed Ninja,"Great game, played it alot back in the days, however the multiplayer still doesn't seem to work..."
,Recommended,238210,13348526,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,PunisherLex,*hears a monkey* NOPE!10/10 worthy of buying
,Recommended,238210,13022880,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Gigadeath,Classic.
,Recommended,238210,13030007,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,messyhairs,"A real classic. The gameplay may be a bit clunky by today's standards, but it's still has so many great elements blended together so well that It'd be hard to pass up. Would recommend.P.S. There're also a lot of great mods that can make the game look and play a lot better. Be sure you look into those."
,Recommended,238210,13396963,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Duder963,"It's like Bioshock, only you don't have the health or ammo to fight"
76561198068396670,Recommended,238210,15324272,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Revan Mandrake,"Just buy the bloody thing it´s awesome, with graphics mods it´s better then....well system shock 2 with out pretty skyboxes."
,Recommended,238210,15327657,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,WorriedCocksAreDelicious?,♥♥♥♥
76561198035583169,Recommended,238210,19653991,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,MBQ,Amazing game. Buy it.*Disclaimer: I am not getting paid to say this*
,Recommended,238210,19589204,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,thethanx,Amazingly creepy despite the graphics. Really fun RPG elements. Fantastic story. I'm only not recommending it because the current update screwed up everything and now I can't play the game.Boooooooo.*edit* Fixed! Lovely game. Spooky and awesome.
,Recommended,238210,19689127,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,The Wise Guy,"System shock 3 just got anounced, gotta go replay!"
,Recommended,238210,2613149,"Posted: 11 August, 2013",all,D3,"Utterly Terrifying, rpg fps in the best of terms and a atmousphere to boot SS2 does everything to thrill and chill you."
76561198025777873,Recommended,238210,19720103,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Fish,good
,Recommended,238210,19715015,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Chineesus Clist,didnt realise how scary this game can be untill i found out it was supposed to be a horror game. wat.
76561198005068268,Recommended,238210,19666360,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,CMDR Crimson Echo,"Do not get this game if you get frustrated easily, or you need a game to constantly hold your hand.This game is like a proto-Bioshock set on a spaceship, but with more RPG elements. This game can be challenging at times, but has interesting enemies and is fun."
76561198094712311,Recommended,238210,19655212,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Izalith,"This is a 15 years old game, and sadly one that didn age very well. Graphics are obviously bad for today's standards and wasnt its major trait even back then. What the game really do well, and thats one time can't take away from it, is the atmosphere.You are some sort of super soldier in a groundbreaking space ship mission, but you were kinda sleeping prior to the events of the game, and wakeup right when things are completely out of control. The world you see around you looks really like Dead Space, in the sense that you are in a decaying space ship, everyone is dead, you are basicly alone and everything that is kinda alive wants to kill you. Also a lot like Dead Space, weapons, heals, ammo and better gear are highly scarce, so you have to play the game in the most conservative way possible, making every bullet count, or even spend some time of the adventure avoiding enemies or killing them with melee to save ammo... they can get this much scarce.With another comparison, this game have a lot in common with Bioshock, not only the name, but many mechanics are present here, like upgrading your weapons and hacking stuff (HACK EVERYTHING! even that portable game console you get early on.LOL), and even spells, in system shock named Psionics. but unlike Bioshock, there are many other mechanics here, like your weapons getting worse with use and eventually breaking completely (consecutively maintenance and repairing), researching new strange artefacts to gain extra advantages or use new itens and a RPG like statistics and skills, basically leveling up.The sounds, while in my opinion not of incredible quality, are remarkably well designed, adding greatly to the atmosphere you are inserted in, with enemies making disgusting sounds and being possibly heard from far away and several strange entity talking directly to you, including one human. these work to make you feel even more confused and helpless about whats is going on and make the whole experience much more scary and enjoyable, even if is by never letting you get confortable. And the music in my opinion should just get muted, because its breaks the immersion.The atmosphere is finally completed by several audio logs scattered around which contain both the last words of some of the living, which gives you insight on how was things doing in the ship before you woke up and information both crucial to the progress on the game and some useful, but missable things, with that in mind searching for the audio logs is a must as it enhances greatly the atmosphere and the immersion of the game, Just like Doom 3, if you have ever played that.There is also some cons to the game, but i think they are minor, for example, models are really ugly and they animations are quite stiff and unnatural, and AI can be really dumb some times,  like melee attacking enemies not attacking you, but instead keep forever running after you, even if you are ""touching"" each other, if you just keep moving in any direction that is not into them. In other hand, AI is good enough to actually hit you with ranged attacks, even if you are moving, by calculating where you will probably be and shooting ahead of your movement.Also, while the game took me something like 12H to finish, the last 2 hours, the last areas and bosses were kinda underwhelming and felt a bit rushed and the ending was clearly a joke. But thats just 1/6 of the game, dont let it spoil the whole master piece that the other 10 hours are.Overall the game delivers one of the best immersive, unsettling, and scary experiences i had with gaming, as well as a great and interesting story, and i played a lot of games. The sad part is that the game is really hard and unforgiving with the newcomer, it needs the player to settle down, read a lot to understand the game mechanichs and even then, think a lot to know what to do with them, just like any RPG, not a run and gun.This game was insane for its time and still a very valuable experience today as it has influenced many modern day hits like Dead Space and Bioshock and helped create that whole new genre of game, the FPS/RPG hybrid, as well as the now popular survival horror. So as long as you dont care about its age and how bad it looks for today standards, that kind of experience cant really get much better."
,Recommended,238210,12211792,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,tpkroger,"This is a much better story than Bioshock because it doesn't get puffed up with its own sense of seriousness over what is pretty pedestrian philosophy. Any idiot can tell you Objectivism is a lousy model for society, you don't need ten hours in an undersea steampunk dystopia. System Shock 2 is a straightforward sci-fi horror story, where brave men and women went off to explore strange new worlds and seek out new civilizations... and got eaten by monsters."
76561197976335887,Recommended,238210,9856479,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,[-ODU-] afogl001,"Great game but it defintely needs to be fixed for Linux. I had all kinds of issues running it until I finally stumbled on this thread""https://steamcommunity.com/app/238210/discussions/0/627456359716496676/""which finally got me plyaing again."
76561197971074352,Recommended,238210,19625705,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Crawler,THE MACHINE MOTHER HAS RETURNED!http://www.othersidetease.com
,Recommended,238210,19651499,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,knighty,"best PC game of all time... having a chance to play this game should be added to the human right lists, may not be as scary as it used to be, but a perfect game, no translation needed, why are you still reading this review PLAY IT BEFORE SYSTEM SHOCK 3 COMES OUT"
,Recommended,238210,26997611,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Nod Lucario,"Scenario 1> It's around 10 P.M.> Decide to play this game for a short bit so I can kill some time before going to bed> Got engrossed into the the game, and played it longer than I should.> It was 6 A.M. by the time I finally got off.Scenario 2> It's 9:10 A.M.> Classes got cancelled due to holiday.> Decide to play this again so I can kill some time before heading home due to it being a long car trip.> Played longer than I should again due to me being engrossed again, and due to me nearly finishing the game.> It was almost 2 P.M. by the time I finished playing9/10 would kill time playing this game again."
,Recommended,238210,162828,"Posted: 17 May, 2013",all,Sabre3999,"""L-l-l-look at you hacker... a p-p-pathetic creature of meat a-and bone. Panting and sweating as you ru-run through my cooridoors..."" - SHODANGoogle this game. Right now. Read some reviews. See how everyone raves about it. This fanaticism isn't a coincidence. You've no doubt heard many people refer to certain games as their ""All Time Favorite"", and you take that with a grain of salt because they say this about tons of games. When I say it, however, Shock2 is the only game I refer to. You've probably heard people say that Bioshock is its successor as well. Poppycock. BS was simple and easy. This game is complex. This game is difficult. If you like your hand held, look somewhere else (or get over it and enjoy!)The best thing Shock2 does is ambience. The graphics are tired, but after a bit you'll be so engrossed you won't even notice. It draws you in, gets you playing at its pace. Next thing you know, you'll literally be looking over your own shoulder expecting a Hybrid to pop out and smack you with a lead pipe.This is my favorite game of all time, bar none. My belief is that it should be ""required gaming"" for any self-respecting PC gamer. Buy it, play it, and learn that all games since pale in comparison. Then weep for Looking Glass Studios, and for the true sequel that never existed."
76561197997314232,Recommended,238210,26877248,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,MrEntity,"A masterpiece of gaming.It's like Bioshock only a lot better. And by 'like Bioshock' I mean 'basically responsible for every gameplay/narrative element in Bioshock'. And by 'only a lot better' I mean 'except with better gameplay, a much MUCH greater choice in character builds, and probably some other things I don't remember it doing better because the entire time I was playing through Bioshock I was just thinking ""... sooo it's System Shock 2... except under water...""' and then I never played the first Bioshock again.'The graphics are a little dated, but by no means bad and there are lots of graphics mods to update them. Also you'll probably want to change the controls to the more standard WASD format since this game comes from before that scheme was entrenched. Beyond those two minor quibbles though, the game is still ridiculously good."
,Recommended,238210,12035549,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,m1kad00,My favorite * Shock game so far!
76561197972398033,Recommended,238210,26817042,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,joeycranston,"This is one of the all time great games.  Great atmosphere and lots of jump scares.  I hate, hate, hate those monkey sounds.  Why is that?  Conserve your ammo because you never seem to have enough.  This game was way ahead of it's time."
,Recommended,238210,26889709,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Neko_Baron,Still one of my all time favorite games ever made.
76561198086522529,Recommended,238210,26928307,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,lolurdead,Old game but a very good game and one of my all time favourites. Definatly check this out!
76561197961014320,Recommended,238210,65626,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,Xenophorge,"Shodan does need a hug.  Or at least a girls night out with GLADoS or something. This game rocks, if you can get forgive the older graphics.  Precursor to games like Dead Space, just less action oriented and much deeper RPG options."
,Recommended,238210,26945146,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Pigius Bankius,An absolutely amazing experience.
76561197963861967,Recommended,238210,26972773,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Psi Malkavian,"This masterpiece is one of thse games I can still play over and over, dispite how old it is."
,Recommended,238210,26887782,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,alenchek,"So... you decided to buy System Shock 2, hacker. Not bad... for a pathetic insect. You are a remarkable example of a pathetic species.*transmits cybernetic modules*"
,Recommended,238210,26820873,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Eric Sorvino,System Shock. The game that will make you feel like a tiny scared INSECT
76561198197572325,Not Recommended,238210,20965420,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,georgemt84,"Graphics are a little ugly, even for the day, but that's not a big deal, having to backtrack over and overagain in this isolated, cramped ship, ads great atmosphere.  Respawning enemies and weapons that degrade.... now it's pushing it a bit but still ok.But a lack of knowing where to go and what to do makes this game frustrating as all hell.  I actually used a visual walkthrough (ie screen shots and descriptions) and I STILL couldn't finish this game.. I put in a lot of time, but was still a few levels from the end... it's VERY tough, VERY unforgiving.One plus/minus is that you can replay again and again due to the RPG elements, ie you can be the mage, warrior and so on, but the problem is, after 10 hours of play you may find out that you needed another skill set.. tough, restart!I good idea this game, it has some redeeming features, but it's more in interesting part of gaming history rather than being a great game.. die hard fans only."
76561198038653859,Recommended,238210,20943846,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,gabeclone,"it's an excelent game, i love it. two minor issues though. The first is that it has the worst controls ever and you have to rebined all your keys more sensibly every time you start a new game. it's easily fixable, but it's still kind of irritating. the second thing is that no matter what i do, i can't figure out how to play multiplayer. Now that my complaints are out of the way though: this game is incredibly atmospheric... that's all i can think to say without just spoiling the game..."
,Recommended,238210,7776441,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,wheatleyco,Blown away that would be it after playing this game...what incredible atmosphere..gem of a game..was really revolutionary..the concepts incorporated..the gun damage was one of the things I liked and also always kept you on yur toes to add to the already amazing atmospheric experience..as a game I purchased after playing Bioshock and coming to know Bioshock was a spiritual successor of the same the game was way better than the Bioshock experience..games of these times seem very easy that was one tough nut to crack and it was really great in that and not at all frustrating..SHODAN as an evil AI one of the most epic villains I have come across the graphics may not age pretty well bu those graphics really scared the hell out of me and is really playable even now..the gunplay choices and rpg elements really make this the gratest fps of all time in the way it changed things to a game more focussed on story line and atmospher and still providing a great shooter experience...Half life 3 where are you really need to play another revolutionary shooter after the crappy bioshock infinite which I personally did not like and that game does not stand on par to the original bioshock or system shock 2...with great responsibility comes even greater expectations..Hats off to ken levine to creating this gem of  game...
,Recommended,238210,21330657,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,blastketchums_,10/10 one my favorite childhood games played this when i was 6 back in 1999
76561198006347308,Recommended,238210,2361719,"Posted: 8 August, 2013",all,QuantumBeebs,"If you can manage to get through the learning curve, you will be impressed on how deep this game can be."
,Recommended,238210,1438108,"Posted: 21 August, 2013",all,Sheyon,"This game was FAR ahead of its time and inspired other classics. The writing, mood, and setting are very immersive and exceptionally well done. That's the mark of a good game--you feel it. Mod it up, play it, you won't be disappoint."
,Recommended,238210,21238541,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,NetAgent,One of the best PC games of all time!
76561198161629635,Recommended,238210,21511430,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,knighttristen,"This game is often times genuinely terrifying. Many times I found myself afraid to go around the next corner after hearing a new strange sound. Which brings up the sound design, and it is truely excellent, some of the best I've ever experienced in a game. The music is awesome and sets the mood well. enemies such as the... well all of them are absolutely cringeworthy, in the best way. And Shodan, oh my! Shodan is an incredible villan. I wont give away too much about her because it's best to find out for yourself. She's creepy as it gets, but also likable. And this might be the dumbest thing ever, and I'm probably the only one who thinks this, but she's also kinda sexy. I think it's the way she whispers to you over the com when you complete an objective. This game has awesome overall design and bugs are minimal, if not absent. It's well worth the price. And I finished it in roughly 22 hours. Do yourself justice, delve into the emmersive, frightening, and fun of System Shock 2"
,Recommended,238210,21660237,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Anon1307,"I've done well, even if I'm an insect"
76561198022624117,Recommended,238210,3432534,"Posted: 26 July, 2013",all,Seren9,10 из 10.
,Recommended,238210,22110871,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Corestrike,Truly the ARMA 2 of RPGs.After you finally memorize all of the controls you'll forget them as soon as you pick up some generic can off of the floor and read the description for an hour or so.
,Recommended,238210,22100796,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,sebingel,.
,Recommended,238210,22127162,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Kensonaga,Nah.
,Recommended,238210,22106600,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,JIM_JAM64맥스,+Long and very good story++Beautiful Atmosphere with spacey music++Timeless classic with smooth gameplay+-Graphics of a timeless classic-I give it 80/100
,Recommended,238210,21905495,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Flapbat,"A true original and a game that so many other subsequent games have borrowed from. If they ever teach Games History in school, then they'll appraoch this one as the Citizen Kane of role-playing actioners."
,Recommended,238210,11018549,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,THE PEW PEW MOOME,`ET'S SCAYRIE!!!
,Recommended,238210,22171680,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,DJ_Edyo,"Its Been 17 years Since Initial release, and they still realease updates after this long period of time !!! Well Done ! :DEven better now, they announce that they are making a system shock remastered... This is Amazing !"
76561198045733495,Recommended,238210,22171177,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,McPants Act 2,"Pretty good horror game, I didn't think it would be that scary due to it's age but it really is (especially with mods)"
,Recommended,238210,19792042,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,niedec5,"If you like Bioshock and haven't played this, you absolutely should. Great mechanics, a more complex story, and a general vibe that somewhere, something went wrong. The game trusts you to figure out things  on your own, and feels more immersive because of it. Example: at one point, you have to find a computer chip to access a certain area. Instead of ""objective complete: found chip,"" you have to sprint to the storage area where electronics are located, reference the chip model number in your email, and find the correct model of chip before continuing. When you want to use a door keycode, you'll be checking your PDA for the code, and keeping your head on a swivel while you punch in the numbers, all while Shodan goads you like a glitchy/vindictive GlaDOS. Like the original Half-Life, there's something about the gameplay that's addicting and massively fun.Btw, if  you're worried about ""nostaliga goggles,"" I played this for the first time last year, and it still holds up.One quick con, though: the game allows you to upgrade what you want, even if it leads to failure. Hacking and radiation resistance is highly recommended."
,Recommended,238210,19795153,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,♞Langrel,"I own a game that was developed in the 20th century, blimey.On a serious note, I've given it a try and I can tell it must have been an absolute blast for the time. While I don't really want to seriously go play it right now, I can see myself doing it some time in the future."
,Recommended,238210,21010392,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,S.S.M,Everything I love about Deus X and Bioshock blended together with an amazing atmosphere and a pretty kickass soundtrack
,Recommended,238210,20721221,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,silent_NI🅱🅱A,I really enjoyed this game until i got to the sphincter level. 7.7/10
76561197974133602,Recommended,238210,20924258,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Funk-E,"The game is in english only (both texts and voices) but the quality of the voice-acting is so good that we cannot conceive it otherwise.If you are familiar with RPG and FPS, I advise you to start your first playthrough in the difficult difficuty (3/4). Played on normal, the mid-game will turn too easy as you will not care anymore about ammos or meds. And all the terrifying pleasure of this game resides in the fact that you are constently in desperate need of something. Anything...At the very beginning the wrench will be your best companion and you will scarcely use your gun, only to prevent a looming death involving suicidal robots or deadly firing turrets. Each ammo you'll find will be a light in the dark, each med-hypo will shine as a glimpse of salvation, and you will cherish every single cyber-module you'll be granted. Because in this  nightmare of metal and flesh, almost no voice is there to help you, and the only source of informations you'll find will come from beyond the grave, as audio logs recorded by the long dead crew of the Von Braun.As the game character you will start lost, confused, afraid of what is beyond the corner. You will roam the corridors of the space-ship in fear, holding your breath and carefully listening to each and evey odd sound. As a player you will achieve your journey relieved, but with this gutt feeling that you still have to explore. Because even though the game is linear, you can approach it in different ways. You can specialise yourself in numerous tech, psionic and biological abilities. Every choice will determine how you will be able to make one more step away from the grave. And the possibilites are large enough for you to start again several times. And hopefully you will want to.System Shock 2 will leave you breathless, but to truly understand why, you will have to fight your way in a place where monsters intend to become gods..."
,Recommended,238210,20866364,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Rebrahimy,"The spiritual predecessor to BioShock, System Shock 2 has a great, creepy atmosphere, hardcore survival aspect, and an interesting story to make it worth your purchase. Its RPG and sci-fi elements also make it a must-have for anyone interested in those genres."
76561197963242288,Recommended,238210,143092,"Posted: 11 May, 2013",all,Orbital Fun,"Great music, Great storyline, Great mechanics. One of my favorite games of all time."
,Recommended,238210,22243296,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,OneDeadLombax,"SS2 is one of those games that is remembered as being better than it actually was due to nostalgia, but is still worth it if you like survival-horror games. It can be confusing for new players at first, the default controls are abysmal, enemies are redundant, music often kills the atomosphere and you can easily get lost for hours trying to find where the next keycard you need is. Despite its flaws, it's still a very solid game with one of the most memorable villains in gaming."
76561197970591965,Recommended,238210,7306984,"Posted: 4 October, 2013",all,John.Maynard,"Simply put: 1st place in my list of all time favourites! The graphics may be outdated nowadays (mods come in handy) but no game EVER made me shiver and gave me goosebumps ever again! To me, this game simply is the peak of horror sci-fi rpg/egoshooter games!"
,Recommended,238210,21954537,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Smurf_mE,after so many years such graet game!!!!
,Recommended,238210,22548793,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Rl'ycoteph,"The codifier for the space horror survival shooter genre. The gameplay is a lot better than System Shock 1 and largely feels like a modern shooter, the RPG systems have a lot more depth to them than Bioshock, and the graphics are dated but by no means ugly. The atmosphere still holds up incredibly well and gives you a real sense of desolation. It's just you and a very unlikely ally against XERXES and The Many.System Shock 2 is unfortunately not flawless. My biggest gripe is with a large part of the RPG system. Simply put, you need to invest big time into standard weapons; all the other weapon types are simply not reliable enough to take you through the later levels of the game and this includes the PSI powers. This is one area which Bioshock does a lot better.Another gripe is with the endgame. There comes a point late in the game where you notice a sudden drop in the quality and intricacy of the level design. This drop keeps going, with as absolute rock bottom the very final level and last boss battle... And of course the ending cutscene, which has Goggles utter his (legendary) only voice line in the game. The reason for this is rather tragic: the game was running late on its development cycle, and the last few levels had to be rushed.But everything up to that dip in quality is absolutely magnificent, and by then you'll already be many, many hours into the game. If you enjoy Bioshock, Dead Space or any kind of shooter that emphasizes resource management and atmosphere, play the game that did it all before it was cool."
,Recommended,238210,22507075,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Cato,"A haunting powerful game, that has moments of patience mixed with sheer terror , and an awesome atomoshere.What makes this impressive is that it is not strictly srcipted meaning that you can go round a corner one time and its fine and the next time RUN STRAIT INTO A GIANT SPIDER WHO JUMPS ON YOUR HEAD. a game of wits where you have to use equipment that actually degrades meaning.Highly recormend the graphics are a little dated, but the gameplay is top notch."
,Recommended,238210,5037942,"Posted: 5 June, 2013",all,MAD KING,Too scared to play it. Pretty good based on the amount I played though.
76561197990327282,Recommended,238210,22579525,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,msf567,A true classic of interactive cg.
,Recommended,238210,22384597,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Groxx,"Great game, and one of the best restorations I've encountered.  The actual gamemplay is unmodified, but there have been numerous fixes for original bugs, additions for better modding support, lots of great stuff.  Huge thumbs-up to the team doing this, they've done a fantastic job."
,Recommended,238210,6012863,"Posted: 19 May, 2013",all,Denny,"Seriously, the best survival horror game ive ever played in years. Masterpiece."
,Recommended,238210,22293305,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Companion Cube,"This game is great. I never played it before. The first time I launched it I did not like it because it felt so old. But after playing it for 2 hours and getting the hang of the game I was slowly drawn into it. I played it on the highest difficulty setting, it took me about 26 hours to beat. This is the game that influenced Bioshock. The fps-rpg hybrid is well made for this game, the gameplay is very good, and it is very immersive. This game is just one huge spaceship that you explore. No levels, none of that stuff. The weakness is that the story is not the greatest of all stories, but not too bad."
76561197961048110,Recommended,238210,22699636,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,D_FENS,"Had this game when it first came out but never played it, picked it up for next to nothing in steam sale. installed the rebirth and shock texture mods and away i went. what an amazing game, if you like sci-fi and rpg's then you'll love this. a true classic"
76561198059141480,Recommended,238210,22694113,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,coolmcjojo,goooooooooooooooodd
76561198215576348,Recommended,238210,22636613,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,GeeGeq,A beautiful complex cyber-punk FPS-RPG hybrid.Buy it y-you i-i-insect.
76561198084892228,Recommended,238210,22960904,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Grimscavengerpro,this games good this games great but idk why my save gamms keep getting deleted
76561198027785195,Recommended,238210,25513065,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Brock2424,"""Lo lo lo looo Look at you, hacker. A pathetic creature of meat and bone. Panting and sweating as you run through my corridors. How can you challenge a perfect immortal machine?""Very fun Sci-fi horror game worth the buy. The story is great, the controls can be difficult at times, but overall a fun experience."
,Recommended,238210,25405016,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Boat Neck Blouse,"This game is a classic, it has slowly become one of my favorite FPS RPG's of all time. The uniqueness of a second play through is astonishing. Amazing atmosphere and world building collide with fantastic RPG mechanics to create a game that can be enjoyed over and over again."
,Recommended,238210,26280172,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,shibbeh,Halloween 2016. 3 days before. this game is 2.49. if you missed out im sorry but damn youre really missing out. i mean this game is legit good as♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,238210,26306327,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Drake Platinum,Been too long since ive played system shock 2. Its a dope game looks fine with the graphical mods it looks really good. Not too many games can have me on edge like this one. It is a where do I ♥♥♥♥ing go game so if you do not want to wander aimlessly a guide will help. A true gaming Classic.
,Recommended,238210,137609,"Posted: 11 May, 2013",all,ToeJamathon,Best. Game. Ever.
76561197999686633,Recommended,238210,1915955,"Posted: 25 August, 2013",all,Pirate,"If played alone at night and in the dark, terryfying. However, as a game, its age shows and it is incredibly frustrating to beat. Also, the story really didn't pay out in my opinion. Scary game, lacking in everything else. Also, Agility is king."
,Recommended,238210,2903709,"Posted: 11 May, 2013",all,ExplodingGuy,Glory to the Many.
,Recommended,238210,436313,"Posted: 23 September, 2013",all,Deac,"Old school excellence. Deus Ex, Dead Space, Bioshock (obviously), Portal and many more modern greats owe a lot to this influential gem. Despite aging graphics, it still really holds up in terms of gameplay and storytelling. It's scary, it's intense, it's awesome, and it'll run on just about anything. Play it."
,Recommended,238210,23972621,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,The Poetic Jester,"Awesomeold school game, played this when it first came out and only paid like $2.75 CAD for it on steam summer sale. If you like first person shooters, RPG games, cyber punk stuff, get this game!"
,Recommended,238210,22528083,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Skankhunt42,I play this yearly with my friend.
,Recommended,238210,25728776,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Raybourne Clock,Greatest game ever still gives me chillz in the dilz
,Recommended,238210,15996701,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,ABYZZ WARRIOR,"Playing this vanilla.+ Has a wide range of customizable play styles which you also can play with a ""Jack-Of-All-Trades"" kind of style.+ Although clunky at first the UI gets familiar with a sense of nostalgia and makes other UI's feel inferior because of how much you can do with it.+ If you care about stories with or without the gameplay the story will take a strong grip on you. It is fascinating and inspired.+ Has a wide range of weaponry with both ""space-magic"", laser guns and standard bullet type and otherworldy alien arms.+ Enemies are downright scary and will make you feel uncomfortable right away. They'll give you an enclosed feeling of loneliness.+ Game is very difficult at first since you don't know what you're doing. But is rewarding once you get used to it in both fun and skill.+ The ambience and music are well thought out, it will throw you right into the frey with fast-paced techno music giving you an alarmed feeling whilst still keeping its creepy atmosphere. And by God if Med Sci 1 isn't the best techno tune ever I don't know what is.+ Ammunition and other resources can be quite scarce if you're not careful, making you want to avoid combat. You must be cautious of how you use/manage your items. Learn melee combat!+ Very easy to mod.+ The map design is why I love both System Shock and System Shock 2. While still being a game level it still feels like a workplace and actually looks livable.- The game has very out-dated graphics, especially character models.- Might want to change the default controller settings, they're not good at all."
,Recommended,238210,26039527,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,-=TheDoctor=-,"It took me way too long to get around to this game. As a huge fan of the Thief series, it should be a no-brainer that I would enjoy this. On top of that, this game heavily influenced Bioshock, yet another one of my favorites. This game is a true classic and it still holds up today.Graphics: Can't comment too much on this because it's so dated. It's comparable to the original Thief: everything is really blocky and the textures are pretty bland. I wish I could've seen it when it was originally released, because I'm sure it looked much better than it does now. There are a couple mods out there that make the experience a bit more aesthetically pleasing, but it's tough to polish a turd.Gameplay: This is where the game really shines. There's an amazing amount of choice and variation in how you can play the game. There are loads of upgrade trees and skills you can unlock, and the ones you pick will heavily effect your playthrough. I went through barely using any Psi abilities other than regen, but I'm sure you could have an incredibly effective character that utilizes Psi almost exclusively. The controls are really smooth for the most part, and the switching between shooting mode and inventory mode turned out to be very efficient.Ambiance: Excellent job here as well. You can really tell it's Looking Glass Studios, they absolutely nail the creepy vibe. Despite the graphics, I found myself on edge for the majority of the game, always worrying about what might be around the next corner. The sound is great, and Shodan is one creepy mofo.Story: I found the story to be kind of bland and cliched, but I realize that this game likely STARTED most of the cliches. All I could think about throughout the whole game was the similarity to Alien, but before this game, I don't think there was anything quite like this. I could be wrong, but in 1999, I don't think there was any sort of full fledged horror rpg with an entire space station to explore. Nowadays you see those types of games all over the place, so it's clear that SS2 was a huge inspiration in the game industry, at least from a concept POV.Overall, I had more fun playing this 17 year old game than I've had with most recent games. Definitely going on my top 10 list somewhere. Always a fan of Looking Glass Studios. 10/10"
,Recommended,238210,26008059,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,FaustsFaun,I know its greatYou know its greatI mean come on we all know its great right?I'm not wrong.
76561197975127438,Recommended,238210,26155010,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Nick89,"Great horror atmosphere, satisfying character development and a compelling story. Reminded me of the original deus ex in those ways."
,Recommended,238210,25773172,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,willbert221,Arthur recommends this game
,Recommended,238210,27277529,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,batman42a,"Incredible game, still stands up to many horror games today, and it's still terrifying"
,Recommended,238210,27273346,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,vladimir aleksandrov,An over all amazing trip to the beginning of first person horror shooter.
,Recommended,238210,27288332,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,[OMA] Empire-Phoenix,"Still today, if you can accept a suppar grafic, one of my favourites. The story is good, the atmosphere is fine, and it has a nice way of telling the storry, without forcing you every few seconds in another splitscene, were you cannot influence the story yourself."
,Recommended,238210,27299988,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Shall,A good game
,Recommended,238210,27307276,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,PistolJon,This game was one of the first really engrossing coop FPS I played. Give it a try. :-)
,Recommended,238210,27267229,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Ryloth__Locke,Great puzzles and a fun creepy voice the whole way.
,Recommended,238210,27244578,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Ninieru,Whoa
76561197995709332,Recommended,238210,27228294,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,svn23,"eh, it's alright."
76561197972219903,Recommended,238210,27291979,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Magniankh,"System Shock is the predecessor to BioShock...if you enjoyed BioShock, System Shock 2 is worth playing. Make sure you get the updated models and texture pack as it adds a few years to the game's overall aesthetic. I played this game through in the year 2016 and it was still quite amazing. The atmosphere had me shaking in my skin a couple times -- this game would have scared the crap out of me in earlier years!SS2 is not great in the realm of combat itself, as long as you use the right tools you can breeze through any encounter (*ahem* invisibility + AoE fire). The game's charm comes from playing through the story and experiencing the world. Just as with BioShock, you find recordings of the ship's inhabitants as you explore, giving you background narrative and sometimes useful information such as combination codes.Leveling your character is quite enjoyable. Each upgrade makes you feel more powerful -- there are no ""micro"" upgrades in this game: each one really helps in their respective realms!Overall I highly enjoyed this game, and with System Shock 3 in development, I now have the background story for when I play that."
76561197970252509,Recommended,238210,27230775,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sajt,One of the greatest games ever made. Just do yourself a favour and play the game that inspired whole franchises.Also Shodan is hands down one of the greatest villains ever created.
,Recommended,238210,27279138,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Slotin's Screwdriver,This is the best game that is not Deus Ex.
,Recommended,238210,27270435,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,[BZ] FLIPmky,One of the best games ever made. Very atmospheric and engaging.The sound of the monkeys still haunt me...Stood the test of time.
,Recommended,238210,27327224,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,tuatan,Awesome game.
76561197972275425,Recommended,238210,27327545,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Hahmo,This classic definitely passes the test of time!
,Recommended,238210,27326252,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Rin,"Has aged like a fine bottle of wine. A psychotic, evil wine with a god complex that keeps on insulting you."
76561197977399170,Recommended,238210,27290377,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Deliverator,"Simply amazing. Easily one of the best games I have played. period. Yes, the graphics are of their time. yes there are technical limitations. But they do little to take away from the experience this game offers. The story, the combat, character advancement and high tension surpass the games follow with ""shock"" in the name. This game is truly one apart. Buy it. Play it from start to finish. then compare its successors on the things this game does WELL."
76561198038370875,Recommended,238210,27290664,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,superhooks12,Definitely took me by surprise how well this game plays and presents an excellent story for its age.Pros:+  Well presented story+  Textures and certain models are of higher quality than expected+  Exploration is very rewardingCons:-  The included multiplayer is buggy-  The default controls are outdated and thus awkward-
,Recommended,238210,1361341,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,Hub3rtu2,"3rd best game ever created, bested only by its prequel and Deus Ex. That's a fact."
,Recommended,238210,26461731,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,knF,"Great game.I played it when it first came out and I loved it.Playing it again is just unbelievable; many times I asked myself why modern games are not as complete and complex as SS2.I absolutely reccomend you to purchase it, worth every single euro/dollar/whatever you spend on it."
76561197986548802,Recommended,238210,26300616,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,lord0023,Simply one of the best games ever made on PC!Would you please buy the game - Insect!
76561197963182936,Recommended,238210,26292959,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,S. Pibbles,"A very good older PC game. Look for fan patches and fan graphical and texture updates. Make sure to save often for crashes that are far too frequent.The series that lead to the Bioshock series. Spooky, FPS-rpg, in space. You can even coop (again remember to save lots)."
,Recommended,238210,27957139,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Snakey,"such a classic game.even after so many years its near to perfect,"
76561197965234672,Recommended,238210,206623,"Posted: 19 July, 2013",all,SAMammal,"Over a decade on, and with a kickstarter re-imagine of the original System shock, I am still getting just as much enjoyment from this game as when I first bought it.  The graphics might struggle to compare to the likes of Skyrim, but they're still solid and do what they need to do; which is convey an atmosphere of dread isolation on a huge ship infested by unknown enemies...Though some of them have famialiar faces.....what's left of them...."
76561197983654084,Recommended,238210,28003176,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,ErrorMaker,"Ah System Shock 2...Fans of horror and suspense should not skip this one.SS2 in a nutshell is a fps set in a futuristic horror setting with rpg elements.But it does it so well that description does it no justice.SS2 was one of the first to combine the rpg and fps genres and was a major element in pushing development trends and setting new and high standards.Graphics are dated, no question there, but the setting, music and story is woven together to make a truly captivating game.Turn off the lights and let yourself be immersed for a haunting journey through the Von Braun's corridors.Played it to death with a friend long before it came to steam, many fond memories.Grab the wrench, never let it go, it will be your friend, your only friend..."
76561198029730661,Recommended,238210,27835823,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Frederking,"""What is a drop of rain, compared to the storm? What is a thought, compared to a mind? Our unity is full of wonder, which your tiny individualism cannot even conceive."" - The Many -"
,Recommended,238210,27849857,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Crow_Voorhees,Don't let the age of this one fool you. I still get the same enjoyment (and anxiety) that I did the first time I played it.
76561197997528134,Recommended,238210,27854396,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,SHODAN,"Although not quite as scary as it was when I first played it in 2001, this game still shines today.  Between the well-written and suspensful story, the soundtrack, and the fun gameplay, there's very little that isn't still enjoyable about this game nearly two decades later."
,Recommended,238210,27855494,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,C:\Dos\Swag,One of the best games ever made. A RPG-Horror-Shooter with intense atmosphere and the best Villain ever. A Must-Play!
,Recommended,238210,27891631,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,johnzero,Timeless classic.A terrifying experience.Simply a masterpiece.
76561197960681634,Recommended,238210,27928376,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,[SU]AusHsia,"One of the classic games. Have played this game through a few times in my gaming career. Has a mix of everything; action, suspense, chilling moments, RPG..ect"
,Recommended,238210,11969536,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,My Little B,"Wow. This game was released in 1999 and it's incredible how well it holds up to this day. I just finished this game and I have to say that it's amazing. Everything you do is rewarded in one way or another. The story is amazing with the well-known plot twist in it. The whole game has a really high standard and it really makes you think what to do and how much it will help you. The game always makes you ask yourself ""is it worth it?"". And if you're someone who is like I was in the beginning and has heard loads of people saying that if you choose the wrong upgrades you have to replay and re-assign your upgrades I want to tell you that it's definately not the case. if you think in the long term all the time then you are fine. At last I want to say: Amazing game. It's definately worth playing through. And don't give up beacouse of the controls! They seem awkward for a while, but give it 30 minutes and then it feels as natural as any FPS out there. I give this game a 9/10, Amazing."
76561198056096151,Recommended,238210,27945132,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Your Tovarisch Uncle Joey,Anyone Else Think Shodahn Was Hot? No? Just me Then? ok....
,Recommended,238210,27715523,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Jankispa24,"One of the best games all-time. Marvellous terrifying story, great character progression system and crafting, level design. An ancestor of Bioshock games. More than playable despite its age. Great community with numerous of great mods."
,Recommended,238210,27819153,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,God Splitter [PL],"Despite its' age, System Shock 2 is still a wonderful experience. From a technical view it's challenging, complex. There's loads of roads you can take on (different weapons require upgrading one skill tree, you can only upgrade one out of five during the game) and often you'll find yourself in a tight spot. Nothing is inifite in this game, you always need to think two steps ahead. That doesn't mean there won't be moments of absolute fun when you're full on ammo, meds and whatnot.From an ""artistic"" point of view, you'll get immersed soon after getting a hang on controls. The futuristic design of the ship and the ambience are great. What really makes the game for me is the audio design - from a mere Protocol Droid to Xerxes, The Many and Shodan herself, every sound file is an eargasm.Plus, lemme mention - you'll rarely get lost in this game. The story progresses so smoothly that before you know it, you completed a mission task as you've been exploring the stage.Highly reccomended for non-casual players."
,Recommended,238210,27780646,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Alucard889,A classic with a plot twist that is great for this kind of game. The gameplay is solid.
,Recommended,238210,28006267,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,JTrades,Nice Game :)
76561198064637223,Recommended,238210,28009839,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,portal,"Mother of all others, pressed into coconut, grandpa of all successors..have to be played! ..want to be finished!And then go on Deus Ex series"
76561197968215391,Recommended,238210,27963756,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Madevil,Still such an amazing experience.
,Recommended,238210,27964444,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,daddYnoRmS,scariest fps i ever played. kinda reminds me of event horizon.
76561197962831204,Recommended,238210,27482382,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,K0R,10/10 would assist psychotic AI again.
,Recommended,238210,27485709,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,The Metal Warlord,Delightful Nostalgia. Cyberpunk at its best.
76561197994563637,Recommended,238210,27496258,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,kfatihkaraman,İt is like a good wine. Games don't get better with age but this one does. One of the best scenarios i have ever played.
76561198046160891,Recommended,238210,27513594,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Pastrami,"The graphics, sound design, and gameplay still hold up to this day. It can be difficult at times, but it is very rewarding when you proceed through the story. It becomes really cheap whenever it's on sale, so there's no excuse to not pick it up during that time."
76561198076544767,Recommended,238210,27559832,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Pseudonymous,"I accidentally played the entire game without moving backwards or side to side. Simply because I was too lazy to check the controls. Scariness level +100 when you can't run backwards and shoot. The ambience and story of this game is amazing, I was totally immersed! This game is iconic and if you haven't played it before, play it now!"
,Recommended,238210,22602290,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,.o0O0o.,"This game is a lot harder to beat than when I played it back in the mid-late 90s. It's pretty much impossible to win unless you import objects via the hacking terminal (`/~). The game was bugged. After completing all the Von Braun Spaceship and Military sections, I was not granted access to the body of the Many because of a single broken elevator. I hope it wasn't for hacking, becuase this is definitely a game that glorifies hacker tactics. A kid I knew in high school did a speed run of this game in 6 hours without hax, so I know something's fishy."
76561197995378575,Recommended,238210,22917640,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Xythe,"Awesome old school shooter with a very creepy atmosphere. Want to see what it was like to play an RPG shooter from the 20th century from the creators of the Bioshock series? Check this game out. Lots of fun, some good creepy and scary moments that make you jump a bit, and it is genuinely difficult. Remember not being immortal in a shooter? The graphics are hilariously outdated and look it when it comes to human design, but levels and monsters look pretty good (considering). It doesn't have the ""timeless"" or ""classic"" look of other 90's shooters to me.Very cool story, it evolves and changes at a good pace, and you get to have fun fighting newer and creepier enemies as you progress. I keep calling it a shooter, but you can specialize as a gunman, a psychic user, melee only, a hacker, etc. I didn't play psychic, but it looked awesome.I know bioshock came later, but the similarities are...shocking? Honestly if there weren't blatant remakes like the COD and Halo franchises, I would call Bioshock a ""ripoff"" work, but i think ""derivative"" might  be a better term. Either way I am glad these guys have gone on to be successful, and I want to see System Shock 2 get referenced as an alternate universe in Bioshock Infinite, that would be INTENSE! Up to date graphics and character design? That would proably have a few people crap their pants...Great gam for its time, and still a good play. You should be able to get through it in 10-15 hours the first time. As you get more familiar, I bet it gets a hell of a lot faster, and its fun to try again MELEE ONLY!"
,Recommended,238210,22881484,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Montgomery Boo-urns,Deviously hard. Almost too hard in some parts (the ♥♥♥♥ing fleshy spinchter zone). Play with friends for an unforgettable experience.9/10
,Not Recommended,238210,20415482,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Xmus Jaxon Flaxon-Waxon,"Absolutely terrible. So glitchy, doors became impassable on multiple occasions. Killed my game a level before the end. Would not suffer through again."
76561198037749352,Recommended,238210,20895982,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Captain Ultramangirl,Ultra hard Action RPG for people with brain and a accurate hand. You need to mod the visuals (textures + models) because the graphic from way back when looks awful today.
,Recommended,238210,20888158,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Magma,One day i'll be able to enjoy 70 hour corridor shooters sigh
,Recommended,238210,20851532,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,mt0s,
76561198084707018,Recommended,238210,21014497,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,XIII,"0/10System shock 2. What could I possibly say that wouldn't have me under fire by fanboys automatically. My job here isn't to tell people what they want to hear but to tell them what they need to hear. System shcok 2 has all the components of being fun, but it's not. I'm reminded of playing doom half the time, not because of the constant action, which btw action sucks in this game, but I'm talking about that parts in doom that were tedious and you had to look up several walkthroughs on youtube to see what to do! Literally half of this time I spend walking around trying to find out where to go. I usually love games like this. I loved all the bioshock series and people tell me all the time about how bioshock 1 was a clone of this, so i figured it would be good, but no. This game is tedious, you search too much, you use your wrench half the time, you'll be walking around wondering WHERE THE HELL AM I SUPPOSED TO GO! half the time, not to mention that guns break after literally 10 or 20 shots! I guess after all the money the military paid for their ships they had a low budget so they bought wal mart brand shot guns and pistols? which by the way do jack♥♥♥♥♥♥against most enemies. You know you have a ♥♥♥♥ed up game when you'd rather use your wrench againgst other enemies rather than your actual firearms because the guns are that ♥♥♥♥♥♥. Honestly guys, this game didn't age life fine wine, it aged like milk. And if you don't want a metaphorical swig of old chunky milk in your mouth, then I suggest you not buy the game. Watch a lets play if you really want a good experience.You know, it kind of sucks because I had so much fun the first couple of hours. Literally, I searched for 75% of the time wondering wtf to do. It's god awful. Idk if I'll ever finish the game. Maybe in a couple of years when I literally have nothing else to do I will try and play this painfully tedious first person ""shooter,"" (or i guess I should say swinger, since you only use your wrench 80% of the dang time!) If you want to play an oldschool game, or play an easy to run FPS buy ALIENS VERSUS PREDATOR 2000 on steam. You'll find yourself with your thumb up your♥♥♥♥♥significantly less often than this game. Now I'm off the look at walkthroughs for the game and If the game is any different once I finish it, I'll make sure to come back and say so. *slaps forehead in disappointment.*Let the angry fanboying commence.Okay, so after plugging many, many hours into this darn game. I have to say that My stance has changed to a 3/10. This is my honest review, even for a guy that was totally optimistic about this game, it's design is just way too ♥♥♥♥♥♥. This game is no good, you are a fool to buy it for any other reason than nostalgia.UPDATE!So after finishing the game, I realize that I judged the game a bit too quickly. Although the only thing I can think about griping about now is level design, which can be confusing at time, I've got to say that my review of this game changed alot. I can't believe that after giving up on this game I would come back to it later and really, really like it. I'm now looking at system shock 1 to see if that game is any good and I am currently psyched for the release of system shock 3. Please disreguard everything I have put above. I give this game an 8/10."
,Recommended,238210,7779485,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Merapsco,This game ishttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7gZy-vQ0RnQ
76561198046703899,Recommended,238210,23176737,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,bmanwarrior,"A very challneging, fun, and at times frustrating game.https://www.youtube.com/watch?annotation_id=annotation_3370172175&feature=iv&src_vid=l4F9KGZdFeE&v=G3gy4xG6-2U"
,Recommended,238210,23162321,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Kailen,"A true classic.  System Shock 2 sets the survival atmosphere well, throwing you alone with a vioce in your ear to survive on a ship where something has gone wrong.  The story is pieced together as you play, learning more and more about what happened, how it happened, and who else is alive on the ship with you.The game starts with limited resources, trying to balance them as you eek out your survival.  In this way, it encourages plenty of exploring.  The more you explore, the more resources you find that will help you late in the game.  Ultimately, what this really does is limit more than open.  Nearly everything in the game is locked behind some kind of skill barrier.  That armor you picked up?  If you're not strong enough, you can't use it.  That weapon?  Are you proficent in the right skills?  Can you repear it if it breaks, maintain it so it won't break as often?  Hacking is essential, as it can - literally - open doors for you that are otherwise out of your reach.The game is not perfect.  The engnie feels fairly clunky today, and it can be very difficult to heal or swap some skills on the fly, particularly when trying to dodge enemies.  It suffers from the same ending-going-off-the-rails as Half-Life.  And it can be brutally difficult at times, particularly in areas where very powerful enemies like to respawn, and keep respawning.  But even now, more than fifteen years later, this game can keep you invested.As an added bonus, the Steam version comes with the Multiplayer mod, allowing you to take a friend with you so that you aren't all alone.  This does make the game considerably easier as, even though you are sharing resources, you get to specalize and utilize far more tools between the players, since everyone get the same amount of upgrades.  There are also lots of community mods and patches to help the game look better, in some cases run better, fix bugs, etc.  Don't hesitate to use them if that's your thing.Give this game a try and find out WHY it's spoken of so highly by those who've seen it through."
,Recommended,238210,27278162,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Wintersmith LL,Absolute Classic!
76561198253442686,Recommended,238210,27334080,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,DreamerSleeper,"This game remains brilliant all these years later, because, just like humans, its flaws only help to make it more beautiful. The story is told in an interesting way, and the game does a brilliant job of giving you the slightly-terrified-mostly-anxious feeling that one might expect to have on an isolated space ship where everything has gone wrong.I first played this game well over 10 years ago when I bought it in a compilation pack of games. I left this gem on the side for many months before finally getting bored of the game I bought the pack for, and then I got sucked into what was to be probably the most entertaining and visceral experience of my life. The young teenage me was scared enough to want to stop playing, yet engrossed enough to not be able to take my eyes off the screen. I think I've finished this game about 28 times (and no, I'm not a speedrunner), yet every time I am still just as fascinated and intrigued by the game as a whole. There are so many ways to play the game, a very active modding community is around too if you want an even more unique experience... just get it and  you will have so much fun."
,Recommended,238210,27282528,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Succubusy,"A great cyberpunk/sci-fi/RPG/FPS game.Multiplayer is a bit quirky, but it's completely playable.Just remember to save often when playing multiplayer in case it crashes or anything like that.Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,238210,27311511,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Ѭ,"I checked today guys, and have confirmed that this game is still better than Bioshock. Y'all can rest easy now."
,Recommended,238210,27321658,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Deacon,"This game looks dated, and can be buggy but it was and still is a scary, frustrating and facinating story. never before was amo so valuable. This game introduced me to scifi RPG's and I will have fond memories of it for a long time.It also had an amazing co-op mode with some of the buggyest network code you will ever find (outside of battlezone 2)"
76561197975733671,Recommended,238210,8710268,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Shadowslyph,"The graphics are somewhat dated, but that can be fixed with mods easily.The gameplay is awesome. Three fully customizable career options to choose from and the ability to crosstrain at will create an incredible amount of replay value.The story however...The story is incredible. The BIg Bad of the game is talking to you constantly, the plot is deep, but not overly complicated, and combined with the gameplay it makes for one of the best shooters ever made.If you are lookeing to drop a few bucks, this is THE game to buy, especially if it's on sale."
,Recommended,238210,27602602,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Mama Bedlam,"This game has near ifinite replay value, amazing writing, and the best bloody villain in gaming. What else could you want?"
,Recommended,238210,27629729,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Supreme Leader,This is a classic. Refresh it with hd texture mods. Give it a GO!
76561198051112349,Recommended,238210,27692073,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Mighty Annihilator,"The classic cyberpunk rpg with the most charismatic, alluring and outstanding AI in gaming - SHODAN.A must-play for everyone, despite fiddly rpg system."
76561197970542588,Recommended,238210,27731216,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,siggboy,"If there's one game from the 1990s that is worth (re-)playing even today, then it's this one.The tension is incredible from the first minute; if it does not scare you sh*tless over and over again you probably have no pulse.It is also impressively well designed and tight, there is no grind and there are multiple avenues to success.If this was released today with up-to-date graphics, it might well become the mega blockbuster of the decade.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,238210,27697671,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Budgie,"This for me is the original combination of RPG with FPS. With a handful of survival horror thrown in. A decent plot and varied maps and enemies, the game still holds its own almost 20 years after its original release."
,Recommended,238210,28007096,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,ExtraCheesyPie,"This is one of the PC classics, up there with the Half-Life series, Deus Ex, and others. While a bit rough around the edges, the age of the game acts to it's benefit. the sharp polygons actually make the game scarier than it normally would, and the sound design is still top notch stuff. This game is genuinely unsettling, with it's combination of cyberpunk and terrifying flesh themes. Nothing is creepier than having a corrupted ship AI whisper threatening messages about Christmas shopping and ending all resistance."
,Recommended,238210,28534071,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Drakonych,"A cult classic for a good reason. This game holds up nicely even nearly two decades later in terms of gameplay, design, ambiance and story. The visual fidelity of the models are noticeably old, but that did not really present a problem to me, having had experience with other games of around that time. Despite that, it still is very creative and impactful.The combat system is rather diverse and pleasing to experiment with -- the multitude of weapons available is satisfying in itself, while the same can be said about their usage. Exploring the psionic abilities is an additional treat worth trying out, if a little more challenging.All in all, if you are looking for a solid thrilling gaming experience, then don't hesitate with the purchase, as it will be well worth the money."
,Recommended,238210,28518285,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,LinuxSexTips,"A true genre defining classic. This game inspired many modern games over the years. It's challenging and creepy. the graphics may look outdated, but can easily be replaced with mods for graphics, there is also a coop mod available. Definately recommended, especially if you like sci-fi horror or if you are programmer looking to become a game developer."
76561198058848210,Recommended,238210,17757335,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Benevolent pineapple,"Really nails the limited ammo and scarce resources aspects of survival horror, horror games these days just don't have the balls to say ""that's all you get!"". Albeit it's frusterateing, but it's also puts you on edge in terms of horror.You can play as a soldier (warrior), mechanic (rogue) or a psion (mage) and all suffer from limited resources, the wrench is a godsend for saveing ammo and Psi, but it's also a dagerous weapon since hybrids can take out a third of your life in one hit. True you can allocate your upgrade points evenly across the board, and doing so to a degree is a nessecity for your survival. but the master of none delema is readily aparent. Know how in bioshock you can buy a medkit or some ammo with your abudance of cash? In this game it could easily cost you a third of your nanites for just 6 rounds of regular handgun ammo! and that's makeing the assumption you've been meticuelous in scrougeing for all the nanites you could find.Only gripes are that the item management hud is clunky and unwieldy, the tutorial is a bit long winded before you get to the meat of the game, and (so far) i've yet to see any sort of item recycleing station that you can dump useless inventory junk into for resources.EDIT: Actually their is a recycler, but it appears late game and doesn't give you all that many nanites.8/10 would love to see a HD remake.Would recomend to those kinds of gameing masochists that love some tough as nails early 3D gameing."
76561198095233711,Recommended,238210,28018575,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Tacogarden,"System shock 2 is an amazing game. Although it has not aged the best graphically, the story and gameplay still hold up, and can be an amazing experience to those who have not played it. The game is a bit challenging, but it is worth playing. Out of the shock series, this is my favorite one, the second being bioshock. When it comes to the whole package, system shock 2 still wins overall. The only problem I have with the game, is that the final boss battle was a little dissapointing, but the game still wraps up well and ends up being a great experience.10/10"
76561198099218977,Recommended,238210,28015610,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Dustcan,"Despite not aging that well, System Shock 2 is still surprisingly entertaining and playable."
,Recommended,238210,28380335,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,thewelshgreen,"This is one of the most fun games i've ever played. It can also be scary as hell sometimes. And having played through Silent Hill 2, that's saying a lot. But seriously, this game is a masterpiece.First off, the gameplay is similar to FPSRPGs such as Fallout, though it is much more linear and closed, although, depending on how well you scour certain areas, there can be a lot of backtracking. The best part of this game, however, is the writing. It features one of the coolest villans, and villan related plot-twists that i've ever seen, and it's definately worth playing to the end.I would go into a 10 hour long summary of the plot of this game, but I don't want to spoil anything, because this is an experience that should never be spoilt. So, if you want to ruin the experience for youself, go ahead and read about it online. If I were you, however, I would open my wallet and pour it's contents into the hands of Ken Levine. He deserves it.However... this game came out in 1999. And it has not aged too well since then. As far as glitches go, singleplayer is pretty clean, and I haven't really come across any bugs at all. But multiplayer is a whole different story.The Co-op of this game, despite being incredibly fun, is the buggiest thing i've ever seen. The game-breaking flaws in the Co-op mode are more easily found and exploited than those found in Sonic 06. Just for a few examples:My friend tried to give me a surgical activation unit, but it dropped onto the floor instead of going into my inventory, and when it dropped, it became a bulkhead switch, a game entity that is never supposed to be an item in the first place, and definately not supposed to be droppable.Later on this same playthough, when trying to access another deck, my friend hit the elevator button, and appearently, there was a table in the elevator that I could not see. and certainly wasn't supposed to be there.But this is just the beginning.There are some even more game-breaking glitches that i experienced.Every time a non-host tried to access a bulkhead, it would freeze on the ""synchronizing"" loading screen, forcing me do alt+tab out of the game. this would kill any unsaved progress, which sometimes, in early parts of the game, basically made it neccessary to start over from the very beginning. he were also severaly glitches where enenmies would stop spawning, or only be visible for one player, or would just not move, and they had nothing to do with internet connection.Basically, the singleplayer and multiplayer of this game are two, totally different experiences. In singleplayer, this game is a solid, solemn-as-hell space horror shooter RPG, and has some of the best writing and general storylines of any game of it's genre. But the multiplayer is perfect for laughing your♥♥♥♥♥off at some of the hilarious and game-breaking glitches this game has to offer.All sarcasm and humor aside, however, this game is a true masterpiece, at least in singleplayer, and it is still very enjoyable in multiplayer. I love this game, and it sits comfortably on my list top ten favorite games, without fear of falling off."
,Recommended,238210,10893146,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Levelul,My first horror game. I could barely hold on to the mouse when I was quivering with fear in this game. Very scary.
,Recommended,238210,28368276,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Clem Fandango,"System Shock 2 is The first game that has managed to spook me since I was a kid. The influence that the mechanics and atmosphere of this game had on Bioshock is so clear too, to those who have played it. If you enjoyed Bioshock I cannot recommend this game enough.The sound design is a particular high point, and I can't think of any recent horror or scifi game that got it as spot-on as SS2. The sounds of the enemies combined with the background hum of the Von Braun's engines and electronics make for a very immersive experience. In some places you also have the great trick of either having no music at all or simply a constant, low-pitched dissonant synth chord - awesome for keeping you on the edge! The electronic/drum and bass inspired soundtrack is pretty great too.Despite it coming out in 1999, the game actually holds up really well and looks good; the art style and lighting choices are perfect for SS2's aims. Only closer inspection of the in-game models and one or two annoying (but rare) bugs betray the game's actual age. Some of the levels can also get quite labyrinthine if you aren't watching where you're going, so I think a bit of patience is required at some points of the game.Oh and SHODAN is one of the best villains in game history. Her entrance in this game is both sublime and chilling.9/10"
,Recommended,238210,14061663,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,golbat,"""Hey Ken, that Bioshock pitch is a tough sell huh?""""Yeah, it's pretty complex, people just aren't getting it""""Why don't you just try dumbing down SS2 for the console crowd instead?""""Yeah right, like that will help""This game has an amusing cyber-retro sheen mainly accomplished through the environment and UI. Sound effects, windows, and text prompts all contribute to an atmosphere that makes it seem like the player is managing the level rather playing an FPS.Too many audio logs, or at least too many focusing on the couple. Voice acting is once again very well done, Terri Brosius once again giving a solid performance as the central character. Compared to the very in-your-face punk techno of the first game, the music is much more subdued in this game, and you'll be playing through most of the game with no backing music. The story is a reasonable progression from the first game, although the ending sequence leaves a lot to be desired. Additions to the game like nanites, upgrade units, and cyber-modules are never really explained in the context of the world.The first game had only one enemy that was unredeemable garbage, so the sequel ups the ante by adding several enemies whose only purpose is to annoy, inconvenience, and waste ammunition. Worms, exploding eggs, invisible spiders, enjoy trying to kill these with the woefully inadequate melee weapon range.The RPG aspects of the game are designed in mind around multiple playthroughs, on your first game you'll have a hard time as you flounder around not knowing what to do. Once you start repeat playthroughs you can make specialized builds that take advantage of stuff like hacking and Psi. Unfortunately running counter to this idea of a ""pure"" run is the dedicated weakness triangle the game has, making some weapons vastly superior to others in terms of damage output.Map design has faltered from the first game, giving the impression that the spaceships are smaller than they appear, and often have layouts that don't match geographically. Maps cannot be used to view an entire deck, only the current portion of the deck. Combine this with the more sprawling map design and backtracking is far more of a chore than in the first game.It's a good game, but unlike the first game a lot more of the enjoyment is centered on its visuals and audio rather than the gameplay as well."
,Recommended,238210,28123338,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Biohazard,amaizing game get it thats all i have to say
,Recommended,238210,28152117,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Indigo Knights,"This game looks and feels just as good if not better than Half Life 1, and runs smoothly on my modern system. While it may not fit exactly into 1920x1080 it lookd good enough."
76561198080861300,Recommended,238210,28126351,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,rene.skroch,"A masterpiece! 10 years after my first playthrough I got hooked again in 2016. My recommendation: Play it alone with your headphones on in some darkened room. Will send you shivers down your spine!I remember when the first Bioshock was released and I was so disappointed playing it, because they called it the spiritual successor to system shock... Of course graphics were better, but storytelling, level design, atmosphere, etc... All gameplaying fun points go to System Shock 2.10/10 One of my all-time favorites!"
,Recommended,238210,28044890,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,( ӺҪ ) Satchel,One of the best 90s survival horror games
76561197971992970,Recommended,238210,548155,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,Magebear,"One of the greatest games ever made, period."
76561198067851557,Recommended,238210,8045514,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Shawkcore,"I dont know why people complain about graphics ,but if you look at System Shock 2 and forget about most of todays shooters; This can be a marvoulos and a truly beautiful game with imersive enviroments and storyline. ohh heck I am little young to remember any of these old games when they first came out. But Doom, Unreal, and now System Shock 2 are in my opion the best games to have ever been released."
,Recommended,238210,8048520,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,ZeroZeroOne,"I just purchased a bunch of new games. But I decided to play this game instead.System Shock 2 is still bone-chilling. It's creepy! If you like Bioshock 1 & 2, you'll LOVE System Shock 2.You move slow and take your time, as the enemies can and will kill you. There's no regenerating health here! I've died countless times because I didn't wait. The last half of the game isn't as fun as the first half, but the game is still worth playing. It's also worth playing to learn about classic level design."
76561198004387136,Recommended,238210,27838560,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Ogtox,Classic and still very playable and creepy.
,Recommended,238210,27837772,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,M3l0m4ni4c,"I nominated this game for the ""Game within a game"" award.Why?Well, mostly because it's like an Inception of games inside games. A Gameception, if you will.First of all, there is a game itself. Aged, hardcore and somewhat unforgiving game that, for some mysterious reason, I seem to dig.And then there is inventory management. And hacking. And fighting... Lots of stuff, actually....So yeah, solid 8/10."
,Recommended,238210,10924874,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,xNEG Kaiser,"Honestly, probably one of the best RPGs ever made! Good atmosphere, good plot lots of different playstyles supported.Updated for Task"
,Recommended,238210,28032366,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Dio BrandFlakes,"i absolutly love this game, this is one of my favorite games in the system shock series i would recommend this game if your a 90's gamer"
76561197981349983,Recommended,238210,28071603,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Ghost-kun,"Played it way back in the day when i was a kid. It was so scary i was barely able to finish it. Took me a couple of years to stop being chickenshit and do it.Some time ago i saw it on steam and was all like ""Hell yeah!"" And let me tell you: the game aged VERY well. Apart from somewhat outdated ui and game mechanics, it is one of the best action rpgs still. This is most definitely a must have in any self-respecting gamers collection."
,Recommended,238210,27746878,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Valkol,Great Game!
,Recommended,238210,27704096,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,RickF7666,"This game is one of my all time favorites.  Is it dated?  Of course it is, it was released in 1999.  Although, with a few graphics mods, I still replay this game thourgh every year of two.What is the draw for me?  Well it's survival horror where you can fight back.  The spaceship setting is a bonus, I will admit that the layout of said ships is a bit wonky.  And while SHODAN isn't as funny as GLaDOS, still an AI with a lot of personality.  Then there is the skill system that allows you to customize how you want to play.  So many games have used a similar system, but rarely have I ever seen any improvements on what System Shock 2 gives you.I would love to see a modern ""remastered"" version of this where they updated the graphics, added physics and tweaked the level design a bit, but mostly left everything else the same.  Okay maybe add a bit more instances where you can hack the environment to use against your enemies.  Messing with the gravity controls would be the stuff!!"
,Recommended,238210,27387319,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,SHK 007,"An all time classic, that doesn't need description or reasoning. It started a lot of great things..."
76561197976228399,Recommended,238210,16952373,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,R.Reagan,"Get the updated graphics pack to make the game look a bit smoother.  It's not the fanciest game around, but back then it was one of the greats.  And I have to say it's still one of the greats.  It's creapy, you feel like you need to be looking over your shoulder at times because someones gonna getcha!  The maps are well laid out.  The story is great.  The only thing I didn't care for is the end of the game, but how many games have a great ending?  It's kinda like, wow, the budget is gone lets toss the ended together and hope for the best.  But the rest of the game is just awesome!  I have solved it twice before and now I am playing it again."
,Recommended,238210,16952458,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Drynwyn,basically the best game
,Recommended,238210,17931858,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Dick Kickem,it is veery sceery
,Recommended,238210,7156628,"Posted: 18 July, 2013",all,Lost✘Halcyon,Awesome Game. Original pioneer in digital role playing games at the time. Brings together simple RPG gameplay with a old school Cyberpunk twist. exploring the Von Braun will stay with you forever. That and the Demon Monkey's.
76561198140587331,Recommended,238210,17495806,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,w0lfw00d178,"This game was recommended to me, because of my love for bioshock. This was an amazing game...... for its time, I Enjoyed the game, but i think it grew stale for me, as I got further into the game.Never finished it, and though I can appreciate how great of a game this is, its worth noting that it lacks a good storyline, and the gameplay with a keyboard is pretty awful, I had to map all my keys because of the ridiculous key mapping.This is a game from the late 90's so to much isn't to be expected anymore, but if you love this game nostalgically, and have been a PC gamer since this games release, this a great game to visit. For me...... to old and outdated to appreciate."
76561197971113849,Recommended,238210,17664943,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Fire n Ice,"Old school, but still fun."
76561198042816689,Recommended,238210,13538433,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Augustus Caesar,"I don't typically write long reviews, but I have a lot in my mind regarding this masterpiece.System Shock 2 is one of the best, most superb games I have played in my entire life.  Its oozes in atmosphere, has a unique blend of sci-fi and survival horror that no game has replicated before or since.  The story is absolutely magnificent, told entirely through audio logs scattered throughout the levels, ghostly apparitions, and just the little things that give you clues as to what caused the downfall of the starship.  The gameplay is that of an action-RPG.  It is in first person, but make no mistake, it is nothing at all like Doom or Half-Life and must not be played as an FPS, but with tact and precision.  The RPG aspect is well-implemented, allowing the player to upgrade weapons, damage resistance, hacking, speed, psionics (psychic powers), etc. in order to increase your stats.The villain, SHODAN, is regarded by many as one of the greatest villains in video games.  It is not hard to imagine why, from her sinister voice(s), to her sheer manipulation of your character throughout the entire game.  She is unforgettable and is clearly the precursor to GLaDOS from the Portal series (I personally prefer SHODAN as a villain though).  System Shock 2, however, has TWO antagonists: SHODAN, and the hostile alien race known as 'The Many', which seeks to assimilate all of mankind and render all of human consciousness as one entity-- robbing humans of their individuality.  The way this concept was presented in SS2 was disturbing and unsettling to me, which to me makes SS2 an excellent horror game because it is absolutely subtle and brings forth truely frightening concepts.  Many philosophical issues regarding nihilism, loss of individuality, and many other ideas are raised, in a manner much better than any forced Ayn Rand or George Orwell reference the BioShock series could muster (still a fine series in its own right).I absolutely recommend System Shock 2.  If you like the BioShock series, play SS2 as almost everything about that series came from SS2 in the first place.  If you like RPGs, play SS2 as it is a terrific Role-Playing game with depth that gave way to games such as STALKER or Deus Ex.  If you like action games, play SS2.  If you like horror games, then as I stated above SS2 is a unique brand of horror that legitimately scares you not with cheap jump scares (cough Dead Space cough) but with ideas, as well as oppressive atmosphere.tl;dr Check out SS2, you won't regret it."
,Recommended,238210,28144650,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Leo,"Looks like♥♥♥♥♥♥ is one the clunkiest games you'll ever play, but if you like immersive RPG's with a thick and heavy plot...Buy it you loser."
,Recommended,238210,28279461,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Isao,"This game is brilliant.If you are a fan of Bioshock, or even Portal, and you have not played SS2, you MUST do so. This game has spawned a whole genre, and it deserves all the praise it can get because of this. With the correct mods installed, he graphics are still modern. The gameplay could not be fresher (it it essentially identical to Bioshck Infinite)."
76561198001839044,Recommended,238210,28230771,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,00f,"Best.Game.Ever.No exxageration here, this game still holds up (with a few mods) in gameplay and atmosphere, today. This game is purely genius. I have yet to play something as compelling and driven as this. This game does an impeccable job at making me feel alone in space. no other game captures this feeling of dread and horror. The rpg like game mechanics are simply superb for the time and work quite well. Do yourself a favour and get this game.11/10"
,Recommended,238210,28247404,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Naughty Nate,its cool. you get to kill things.
76561197966256024,Recommended,238210,29150426,Posted: 9 January,all,Curious Caribou,"It is now almost 18 years old, and yet, after replaying it a few times over the years - it still has it.  By 'it' I mean the immersive story and atmosphere.  Few games achieve that, but the Half Life series as well as the Bioshock series had it. The sound effects, lighting, music, and the intricate story means it is instantly recognisable from just a few seconds of audio.Yes, its old, and the graphics looked 'dated' well over a decade ago, but few single players can keep one interested throughout the entire game - and then leave wanting to replay it with a different class.  It is only with more recent games with large maps that I realised just how enjoyable 'exploring' (as in, sticking to objectives, but going off for side missions) is; I think this is the earliest game that had it nailed.Whilst perhaps not strictly horror when compared to the likes of Amnesia or Soma, it remains unsettling as you find corpses with audio recordings in rooms where clearly something 'dodgy' happened, and the little touches like locked doors (with someone long departed in the room clutching a broken pistol) all add up so I always wanted to know 'more'.  It can be terrifying in places.It was only after the latest replay (first time on steam) that I realised just how much I enjoyed it - why else would someone replay a game from 1999 unless it has a quality that no other game has?I don't think any future sequels can really top it, but I'm sure a complete revamp of the graphics would be welcome to bring it to a younger generation. Even so, if you're after a great story, combat that give you brown trousers when your weapons need repairing, and moments where a vague sense of dread has you hiding in a room wondering what to do - this is your game."
76561197962152022,Recommended,238210,28881301,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,tabisaki,"Takes me back a few years this one.One of my favourite games of all time.The first game I played with any sort of 'fear' factor.The sound of the midwives in the distance was always enough to make you think twice.Okay so graphics may be a little dated, but don't let that fool you.Still as good today as was when it first came out many years ago."
76561198143694698,Recommended,238210,25765256,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,meffrem,"I wish modern games were produced more like this. Character development is really well done - every time you must think through on what you spend your cybermodules. Enemies are quite different and different guns (or ammunition) are more effective on them. If you want to learn more about the plot, you must listen to many audiologs. Want to use this strange looking item/implant/weapon? First do some reaserch, find elements to complete that task. This game doesn't guide you each step. You won't have a big, red arrow on your map to show you where to go and that's great. Completing goals on your own is satisfying.The feeling of being cybernetically enhanced hacker in this game is remarkable.I had a lot of fun. I totally recommend it."
76561198132792574,Recommended,238210,28735447,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,armoredrobot,"I bought System Shock 2 a little over a year and a half ago now, when it was on sale for 99 cents (yay Steam). I had heard that it was an incredibly deep RPG, a thinking man's action game, and a classic 90s FPS, and that sounded perfect for me. When I bought it, though, I didn't play for very long. The atmosphere scared me, and I was overwhelmed by all the mechanics. However, a couple weeks back, it had been languishing in my Steam library long enough to finally motivate me to play through the thing. I've just finished it today, and below are my thoughts.System Shock 2 is a horror game, and the atmosphere is excellent. It's designed to make the player feel vulnerable, unsafe, confused, and exposed at all times, and it does that pretty damn well. However, a lot of this scariness is dependent on the player feeling helpless, and a decent amount of skill at the game more or less undoes that. Once I figured out that I could kill most basic enemies with just the wrench, I was cruising through the game, having plenty of fun and not really being scared at all. Still, the atmosphere's good while it lasts.System Shock 2 also has infinite enemies and weapon degradation, which are two things that I normally hate in games. However, the game manages them in a way that makes them less frustrating and stupid than they normally are. The infinite enemies are, as previously discussed, mostly killable with just the wrench, and since that doesn't require ammo you have basically infinite resources with which to fight them (the same holds true of the Lego games, which also have non-annoying infinite enemies). Additionally, they drop useful resources when killed, so you can just farm zombies and cyborg midwives for money, ammo and health indefinitely. This also helps counteract the weapon degradation, which only affects the non-melee weapons and can be repaired with items that one can buy with the infinite money. Both of these features also add to the helpless atmosphere, as the player's weapons aren't dependable and nowhere is safe. System Shock 2 has some features that would seem to be terrible, but it manages them expertly by connecting them to other systems to create a wonderfully realized experience.(It still doesn't make sense how the infinite enemies get to where they are, though.)There's no shortage of those other systems, by the way. System Shock 2's proponents aren't kidding about its complexity. You have health, psi energy, weapons (each with a degradation level, upgrade level, different ammo types, and different firing modes), a limited inventory, implants granting different buffs, armor, general skills, tech skills, tech skill-boosting software, weapon skills, psi powers, research requiring different chemicals, and probably a few more that I'm forgetting. It's a lot to wrap your head around at first, but after a while it all becomes second nature to manipulate, and you feel smart for figuring out how to manage your character efficiently.The writing is similarly deep and complex. The story is decent and mostly related through audio logs and emails, but the fun writing is all in the descriptions of the different items and objects that you can collect. A fascinating amount of effort went into building the world, and it adds greatly to immersion.System Shock 2 is, of course, an FPSRPG, like Deus Ex a year later. It doesn't allow for as many diverse playstyles as Deus Ex does, though. You're pretty much going to always be a competent hacker who knows his way around firearms, and the only real choice is whether you'll go into Psi powers or not (if not, the game will still throw tons of cyber modules for upgrades at you, even if you stop having any use of them fairly quickly).Actually, around the middle of the game resources become pretty plentiful. You can get by with almost nothing but the wrench for the first three levels, and ammo, money, and health just pile up in that time. The ammo does get used a lot more often starting around the fourth level, when the cyborg assassins are introduced, but I still ended the game with about 3500 nanites (the game's currency), over 100 cyber modules (the game's upgrade points), and more health items than I could possibly use. Maybe I'm just really good (doubtful), but it seems like the survival aspect got kinda forgotten partway though.Those first three levels are the best ones, by the way. The game takes a noticeable dip in quality after that, and although it's still good, it's not as fun as before. The last few levels also seem to think that a climactic shift in difficulty can be expressed by just taking your map away, which is dumb.You don't see a lot of games like System Shock 2 any more. There's a lot of understanding of complex mechanics, unguided exploration, andworkexpected of the player. There's no forgiveness for character-construction mistakes, and the player is expected to make some decisions and work some things out with no help whatsoever. You enter System Shock 2 on System Shock 2's terms,♥♥♥♥♥, and if you don't like it you can f*ck right off . It's kinda refreshing in a weird way, and whenever you make progress you feel like you've really achieved something. If that sounds great to you, then I wholeheartedly recommend System Shock 2. I know I liked it."
