user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,238240,26205108,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Nanostrike,"THIS GAME IS AN EARLY ACCESS SCAMDevelopers realized their game wasn't working out and had too many issues to fix.  But instead of telling their customers this, they rushed to a ""Full Release"" version that was hilariously unfinished in September 2015 so they could get the game featured on the Steam Store Front Page right before the holidays.They strung it along further by releasing constant ""Minor updates"" up through December 2015.  These updates weren't actually intended to fix their horribly broken game, but intended to keep it showing on the Steam Store Front Page as ""Recently Updated"" throughout the 2015 holiday season.In January 2016, by all appearances, this developer had stopped all development.  The community manager had left, they were inactive on Social Media and Steam, and nothing was done to fix the games issues.In April 2016, they posted a vague ""Please be patient"" message on Steam via a private steam account (Which, to this day, doesn't respond to inquiries about the game).  By ""Coincidence"", one month later, in May 2016, the game is featured in a Humble Indie Bundle.  The April Post was done simply to make potential Humble Bundle buyers believe that the game is being actively developed and supported were they to check it's news page.  The devs apparently had no intention of continuing work on the game, they just wanted to string folks along and milk every last dime they could from sales, even from within the Humble Bundle.Their website and forums were taken down after the domain names are currently up for sale.  None of their social media accounts (Facebook, Twitter, ect) have posted anything or responded to anything.  E-Mails are unanswered.  No new activity on Steam.This is a classic ""Take the money and run"" Early-Access scam, on par with what the developers of Towns did.  This needs to stop.  DO NOT buy this game.  If you do, you support these practices.  I bought into the game in it's Early Alpha stages and regret doing so.  Spread the word about developers like this and be more discerning in the future about your Early Access Purchases.  That's the only way this kinda crap is going to stop."
76561198077630205,Not Recommended,238240,28562204,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,AdmiralBacon,"Don't waste your money on this. Another early access game, full of promise , that ended up in the trash bin.Nobody entirely understands what happened exactly.I bought the game in it's Early Access. Was fun, despite the piles of bugs and issues all around everywhere.Updates were consistent, and everything looked great! I always checked the news to see what wonderfull things they brought into the game, and it was fun trying out those features! Bugs were smashed, problems solved, and additional content added on the way. Everything looked pretty great!Until it happened...Still missing tons of content, they suddenly for no reason released the game!One moment, there are regular updates with content and stuff and then poof, game released.The soundtrack was amazing, perfectly fitting the environment, and better equipment was being added so that players could get to deeper biomes.Then they decided to release it half-baked. There aren't even armor sets that would let you reach the deepest biomes!Many biomes can't be reached at all! And tons of other stuff was missing still!Combat was still very annoying, with enemies being extremely agile, having a very tiny hit-box, which sometimes wasn't even on the enemy! There was a crab enemy infamous of it's mis-placed hit box, because of which you could only hit it if you fire above it.They kept releasing very tiny bug fix updates and smaller content updates, that only seemed to make them look like they were alive, when they didn't really add anything important.Now, they have been silent for a long time.The last post was a sort of ""We are not dead but lots-a stuff going on now"" post. They said in max a few months they would explain things. That post was put up in April.Although nobody knows exactly what happened behind the curtains, but the most common idea is that the developers over time lost their determination to keep on going, and released the game early, turning it into a cash-grab.The fact that even now, not having responded to anything for months, the game still gets put on sale, and once it was even sighted on humble bundle, only supports this cash grab idea even more. And then again, like i mentioned previously , before they went silent, they were releasing fake updates, that added nothing but thin-air to the game, only so that they make others think that the game is alive, when it is not.TL;DR: Another early access game that had the potential and fun, but it mysteriously died out. Now it is only a carcass of a game that once was full of promise.Once again, for a final time: Don't waste your money on this! I beg you..."
76561197963343900,Not Recommended,238240,23564081,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,=82ndR= Wraith,"Permabanned on forums for pointing out, the devs pushed out beta updates, which added content, but locked that content behind drops that were unattainable, so noone could test said new content, this was about a year ago.Since then they pushed to release and have since bailed, even the Community manager moved to pastures new, while the dev team hire themselves out as 3rd party coders (sorry that should probably read as 3rd rate coders).Full release still has a lot of unfinished content, and serious game breaking bugs, esp where multiplayer is concerned, so far the devs have blamed "" logistical things"" for their abscence, with a more detailed explanation forthcoming...but coming up for two months later and those things are still restricting them, but doesnt stop them playing a lot of Overwatch...go figure."
76561197971824740,Not Recommended,238240,17116722,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Ding [TGT-C],"***DIsclaimer***I purchased this game upon release into early access.  At that time, many of the advertisements were compairing this game to Terraria, hence the nature of my reviewI had a lot of hope for this game.Let me preface this by saying I love Terraria.  I played a ton of it with friends and by myself back when it was first launched, and again with all the updates with my girlfriend.  I went from thinking it was a 2D Minecraft rip off to a great game that reminds me a bit of your old school games (Ghost and Goblins comes to mind with the new Expert mode)Terraria had its charm in the exploration.  You died, a lot.  You learned from said deaths.  You learned different materials make different items.  You fail a lot, in funny and unexpected ways (i.e. Farming Wall of Flesh, then realizing that I had been equipping my armor in the social slot).  The exploration was in both the world itself, and the mechanics.  They gave you nothing, said ""Here is the world, have fun"" and that was it.Edge of Space forgets that.  I start a new character, and I am inundated with tutorials as if I was a toddler.  The game literally stops everything to tell you to right click to pick up an item from a chest, including a video.  I am all for tutorials done right, but this one is just patronizing.The UI is just trash.  I have a character menu, inventory, tech, ect.  They are all small enough to fit on the screen all at once, yet they are their own movable UIs with wasted space.  Not to mention if I want to craft something to equip, I may have to go through three different menus for it.  This developer took a huge step backwards in design.The character control is also a problem.  It just feels slow and unresponsive.  I felt like I was on a server lagging in single player (and with the rig I have, this game should not give me any delays whatsoever).  The feel of everything was just off too.  Mining is aiming a laser at a rock and waiting.  Terraria did it right, because you would hear the clanking as you mined, making it feel like you were doing something.Lastly is the performance.  It felt like it was running at 30, because I was getting that same blurriness I would get at lower frame rates.  The game however has a FPS counter that was staying at a solid 60.  I pulled up the Steam FPS counter, and low and behold, while it did stay around 60, it would very occasionally dip, but the in game FPS counter stayed at 60.  I have a feeling that this counter is not accurate, and the developer has static text up there, but I will not say 100%.I will end with this, Have I been harsh on this game, comparing it to Terraria?  Yes, very much so.  They have marketed it as the spiritual successor to Terraria, and thus started the comparison.  Sadly, it fell very short of the mark they were aiming for.I wish to put this into the actual review itself, since this actually has me hopeful about the future of this game.  From the head developer in the comments from this review ""Thank you for your review, i think there rae some valid points we are trying to address. At the same time the game is meant to feel different.""  The developer actully listens top criticism in a positive way, which could make this game potentially great in the future."
76561198043960246,Recommended,238240,9105031,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Kasumi Tani,"I played Edge of Space since the early days of its EA release, and while I enjoyed it a lot, I have to admit it doesn’t quite measure up to two more prominent games of its genre: Terraria and Starbound.The majority of exploration and progress is top-bottom, as is fairly common for sandbox exploration/building games, but where other games take place at a single land mass, EoS’ world is composed of numerous floating islands, some tiny, some very large. If you don’t feel like digging down, walking to an island’s edge and jumping to the one bellow is always an option. (And having a jetpack from the start helps you not to fall to death this way. Usually.)When it comes to combat, Edge of Space gives highest “Player vs Environment” feeling than other games of its genre. Instead of challenging powerful bosses like in Terraria, EoS’ focus in on fighting ever present and deadly “common” enemies, who present constant and serious threat.However, ever-present enemy threat has side effect of limiting player’s ability to build in lower areas of the world. Aside from danger to player, many mid-late game enemies has structure-damaging attacks, and will easily wreck both your base and landscape you were trying to preserve.Also on the negative side, Edge of Space is rather lacking in variety: there are only 3 main biomes in the game, and they don’t feel as unique as Terraria or Starbound’s biomes. Visually the game isn’t very pleasing to an eye either, and everything is mostly brown or metallic-gray (possibly done on purpose for “realism” – we all know that Real Is Brown).Overall, Edge of Space is quite good, and I can fully recommend it to fans of sandbox exploration/building, who already had their fill with Terraria and Starbound. And those who are more interesting in action than building will probably find that aspect of EoS even more appealing than that of other games of its genre."
,Not Recommended,238240,18075476,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Nova,"Looks like I got this game on July 9, 2013. Today the game came out of Early Access as v.1.0, and unfortunately, the game is still rather hard to digest.When I first played, the game had a few graphical issues, and it looked like it could have needed something like an editor to an author. Fine, I could always go back to it - though at this point I was beginning to regret buying this. At this point (and a couple subsequent playthroughs), I felt the game was not intuitive, unfriendly to beginners, and rather difficult for a game where you literally build your character to advance. Gathering materials? The laser pick was extremely weak and could not be as easily manipulated as Starbound's (as much as I don't like comparing, especially to Starbound). I took a long time gathering enough supplies (after dying a few times, some from mobs in the starting area and some from falling off the edge of the map) to make anything. Also, while the game no longer has the difficulty (sort of...) and the 10 free respawn limit, those things severely discouraged me from doing anything. So I waited.Today, I opened the game with no expectations of things and found myself facing similar issues from the first time I played. The UI needs a lot of work - this doesn't look at all like a modern game with a futuristic setting - the dialog boxes look like just hastily placed rectangles and fonts (I spotted some serif fonts...) look like they were not even picked with intent. Some of the tips need editing in syntax and grammar, and overall, the game feels very much like a beta still. I wasn't pleased by the ""tutorial"" either, since the first thing I saw was a codex full of unnecessary text.Nothing in the game has struck me as intuitive so far, even regarding the gathering of materials. I got the DLC items and the pick is marginally stronger than the starting one, and while it's got a wider beam (3 tiles wide), the width becomes useless because the pick target cannot be directly chosen - so if you just dig downward, for example, in the same direction, you just end up with a 1 tile wide chasm, walls either damaged or already ""healed"" to normal. Everything seems so grindy already - I know that games won't have you start off with good gear ready to kill bosses, but in the first quest of the tutorial, each one of those enemies (although they do no damage) took many hits to die. I don't see any fun in spending minutes killing common mobs (because face it, you're gonna attract aggro for all those missed attacks and some of those enemies move too fast with the starting rifle) and then spending minutes gathering.I'm going to pass. Sorry, I tried, but more than 2 years did not give sufficient progress for me to enjoy this - too grindy and too unpolished."
76561198042011843,Not Recommended,238240,18133192,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Samurai Jack,"I've played the game long enough now that I can give a basic review for the game. In terms of the knowledge progression I'm about 6% complete or so it says. I can say confidently enough that the game is interesting and has some decent mechanics that set it apart from similar games like Terraria and Starbound.However, this game is very much a buggy mess right now and I would not say this is worthy to be called V1.0, it is very much still an early access game in my mind and if you are hoping to play this game without upset, I feel I need to tell you that you will be let down.-MiningMining feels clunky at the best of times, it doesn't work like terraria or starbound where if you click on a tile then that tile gets removed, it's a directional thing and the mining tool isn't center with the playable characters model, it is off to the side a little and it makes mining a real chore.-MonstersThe monster spawns are attrocious, they spawn anywhere even in the air, which makes falling down elevators you dig suicidal, it encourages the use of teleportation but really I find this a constricting mechanic and very poorly thought out by the developers. A fix that would make everyone happy in my opinion would be to limit mob spawns to front tiles or certain background tiles (such as dirt, clay etc)-Monsters continuedMobs can spawn in the air, regardless of the foreground or background tiles, I have confirmed this, and this doesn't only effect elevators and general exploration, mobs can spawn inside hangers you built for your vehicles, and those ships will die as the mob mindlessly floats back and forth rebounding off walls etc. This is completely ridiculous and wastes your resources needlessly.-UIThe UI is a complete mess, it is extremely user unfriendly and lacks specific interactions like shift clicking to place items into recipe facility entities like the carbon refinery for example. You have to mouse them in one by one and when recipes require 5 items that are cluttered around your inventory, it is not fun to micromanage and makes organising inventory space and much more, a very annoying task.-UI overlaysTo add onto some of the UI problems the game has, the UI overlaps the screen in some instances, such as when ""dominating"" an area (or setting am item recipe as a task), the overlay that displays you have conquered the area acts as a none transparant pop up, basically it stops you from shooting or building while mousing over the overlay and this can lead to some pretty cheap deaths as I have experienced.-GameplayThe gameplay for the most part is fine, you progress at a steady pace and you are rewarded for killing monsters and mining generated tiles. However the dungeons you come across such as the zombie rooms seem to feel extremely off. You have to destroy 4 spawners and once that is complete, you have to plant 3 bombs, leave the chunk and then the entire land is just blown up. Any decoration blocks you might have wanted from the room are deleted, and you're left with an unappealing piece of land that does nothing. The game says you've ""dominated"" the land but you're just left with an ugly crater. Furthermore, you aren't rewarded in the slightest by blowing the chunk up, no EXP, no loot, nothing.-SNAILSHOLY ♥♥♥♥ING♥♥♥♥♥♥ SNAILS AND FROGS HAVE TO BE THE SINGLE MOST ANNOYING MECHANIC I HAVE EVER WITNESSED IN A VIDEO GAME. PLEASE NERF THEIR SPAWN RATE, IN FACT THAT BRINGS ME ONTO MY NEXT POINT-Spawn rateMonster spawn rate either seems to be so few or so disgustingly unbearable, the amount is completely random, you coulld be spelunking in a cave and come across one or two mud crabs, but then teleport back to base and an entire army of frogs, snails and crabs will rain from the sky.-Frame rateThis is a really unfortunate aspect of the game, I have a really high end computer and I get frame lock ups quite often, it's not a long lock up but it is very common and happens in loaded chunks even if I am standing still. I don't have a clue what causes it and as far as I can tell from other reviews this seems to be a common problem.-Rare crashesThe game as crashed a few times on me now. both times have happened when starting up a pregenerated world and entering a container too quickly. I am sure this will be fixed but it added to the frustration this game is to play right now.-Instance glitchesIn an instance you are similar in proprties to that of adventure mode in minecraft. You cannot place or remove blocks basically. If you happen to click too fast on a door (which is basically a teleporter to another part of the dungeon) yoiu can very easily be teleported out of bounds and you have to exit your game to fix the problem. The items needed to enter an instance dungeon aren't cheap so I find this to be a very harmful bug that impedes progression.-ExplorationNow this may be due to the overall difficulty of the game, and I may be playing the game without fully understanding the metagame and what not, but I find exploration into the second biome (I think it's refered to as the comet biome, it's the ice themed one) to be extremely unforgiving. I have the weapons to deal with the monsters there in small numbers, but as I have said, as you fall down to lower levels, mobs spawn in the sky and can basically 1 hit ko you as you fall, but that's not the only problem, as you land on the surface of the main tier 2 biome, mobs that are faster than you are generated all around you, on the ground and in the sky and that makes exploration and progression an absolute chore. I have tried to find a way to set my spawn down there instead of on the first biome and I'm not sure how. The wiki for Edge of Space is extremely outdated and many pages are missing.-Exploration continuedI have solved the issue of teleporting to lower levels, you have to build 2 command centres to teleport between areas. However now that I don't have to deal with the annoying elevator scenario, I have discovered that towards the lower half of the second biome, bears and penguins spawn in great abundance, regular bears can 2 shot you, and have more than doube the players moving speed so in tight spaces it is very hard to escape, they spawn almost everywhere in the cave systems down there and I simply cannot progress further below. I enjoy a hard game but I think something seems off with the spawn rate, they appear so frequently that I feel stunted to go any deeper. You might be thinking that I should gear up a little more before progressing, which is true, but all the radium I can find in the ice and all the illuminated crystals (that can drop radium) have been mined up in the top half of the biome. I made the mistake of building one of those NPC anchors with the radium (he was a useless NPC as well, did 100% nothing and that brings me onto my next point shortly) and now I lack the amount to create the desert armor set.-NPC AnchorsI really like this idea, it's another resource sink and the potential for some really cool bonuses is there, but the developers really missed the mark on most of them. I believe Rob the robot is the most useful, fully upgraded he will drop Titanium ore for you occasionally, I have about a stack and a half of the stuff just sitting around and as Titanium is a pain to harvest, I like this NPC and my investment was worth it. However, NPCs such as Vinny (The potato plant) do nothing, regardless of the investment, his one ability is that every time you feed him 5 biomass and 5 ice, he will glow in the dark. That's ridiculous, I have lights everywhere, the investment and the space for his anchor completely outway his use. This is very similar for the other NPC's too, they could provide cool bonuses like 5% to sneak, or ore in a radius will glow, something that would actually be fun to invest these resources into. But nope, glow in the dark plants are apparently useful.-Hit word limit, much more is broken-"
,Not Recommended,238240,24665643,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Chris Hewson,"This game has promise - is what I would have said over 2 years ago now.When I first got it, I loved it! The aesthetics were appealing and it was like a fresh new take on terraria, one of my top played games at that time. After about 20 hours I was just screwing around in the ""end game"" with my buddy who I bought the game for as well (got a 2-pack because I liked the idea so much)And.. that was it. I was going to try playing again and went over the patch history, and it was basically barren. In fact it hasn't even  been touched once this year.Fortunately about 6 months after I bought this game I purchased Starbound, haven't looked back. If you're reading this and you're interested in a fun sci-fi side scroller just go for Starbound! It has the same sandbox elements with an actual story integrated, and about 100x as many features as this game.Thank you for your time, and RIP Edge of Space."
76561198118391836,Not Recommended,238240,17021365,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,trukklob,"My first review on Steam, I wish it could be more positive, but I am tired of spending money to discover low quality lurking behind these overly positive reviews.What can I say, this game has been done many times before, and in much better ways.  The time in development (in my opinion) should have seen ""Edge of Space"" in a much more polished state than it currently is, considering the 2D style of the game.  *For the record, I understand the nature of ""Early Access"", but I do not believe that games should forever exist in a state of early access simply to justify financial or developmental limitations.  Having said that; open world, 2D scrolling, space exploration, voxel-based laser mining, crafting matrix, etc....   we've seen this song and dance play out again and again with the expectation that, maybe this time, something new and refreshing will find us.  Well, for me at least, it did not with Edge of Space.  I could have overlooked the poorly rendered and seemingly unrelated intro clip, a clunky tutorial that introduced an even clunkier UI, and even the low-res character, enemy, and background models.  What I couldn't overlook, however, were the poor aiming/targeting/tracking mechanics of the various starter (and presumably all) weapons and tools.  Proper hit detection, field of effect, and cursor-reticle alignment are so critical to a game like this, that to experience immediate frustration and difficulty utilizing said tools told me most of what I needed to know about Edge of Space.  I know, I didn't even play for a full hour, but let me be clear: This is a Starbound, and thus, a Terraria clone.  Unfortunately, it doesn't even rise to the level of quality those games possess, not to mention the lack of charm.  I appreciate the seemingly responsive nature of the developers, and the consistent development blog updates, but this one seems to have hit a creative wall both visually, and technically.  Sorry for the detraction, but I will be placing this game on the back burner for now.<3"
,Not Recommended,238240,24530420,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Smash Or Pass,"Don't buy, get Starbound instead."
76561197974088351,Not Recommended,238240,18738211,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Zolaerla,"I've tried to enjoy this game through its many iterations and complete changes. In it's current (release) state, the game is tolerable, but lacking in many respects still, the largest being actually fun. I only play games of this sort multiplayer, so the experience may be different for playing solo.The mining tool is my biggest gripe. It fires in a line, that is based on an unusual place on your character, making getting at specific tiles difficult, and hard to aim at anything but straight up/down/left/right. The mining tool is INCREDIBLY slow compared to other games such as Terraria or Starbound. In the latest incarnation, they added new mining tools that slowly (at about half-speed) dig out the tiles around the tile it's hitting, but generally this doesn't help much because it's slower and you can't generally dig in a way to take much advantage of it.Then there is dealing with the plants of the world, which require a saw of some sort to gather. This is even slower than the mining tool, you just sit and wait and wait for it. And finally get your 2 protovine or whatnot. Good luck finding any seeds!And then creating much of anything requires so many resources, but you have a tiny inventory and finding storage is time consuming. And though it is an interesting idea to have tiers of what sort of item something is (eg, ""Inorganic - Mineral - Radioactive - Uranium""), when you need to build something that just needs a mineral, it should just say ""Uranium"" or similar names... but it has the entire long list for Uranium, making it hard to tell exactly what it is you need without really long names for things.And the world itself is just a bunch of skylands, with occasional larger ones tossed in there for actual ""ground"", except that when you get lower, you have another giant gap of space before getting to the next ""tier"" of skyland below you. You generally find out about that after having walked off a cliff of your ""ground"" near the beginning of the game, because it is very abrupt: ""Just walking along, oh there's a little hill, let's hop down... no, there's no bottom. NO! Oh, I'm dead again...""The game USED to have an entire tutorial, teaching you how to use the interface, move around, use the laser pick, etc. but the release version removed all of that in favor of a talking shark that just tells you to get it things... without any details on how to do much of anything. I'm glad I already knew how to switch between foreground and background tile mining/placement from the previous tutorial, because I probably would have gone nuts trying to figure it out.There are now side missions that take you to your own personal instance that are not multiplayer at that point... there are random NPCs to get that don't do much (a couple give you ok-ish rewards for doing tasks)... there are various weapons, but most require ammo that is frustrating to get.All of this and, while playing, you still have no idea what you're actually doing. The premise seems to be something about terraforming, but to what end?"
76561198040295484,Not Recommended,238240,32075561,Posted: 30 May,all,Linkx357,"Abandoned, unfinished, and unfixed. Don't buy."
,Not Recommended,238240,23239988,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Kattsylt,"I bought this game almost the same day it was released as early access, at first i really enjoyed it and it showed a lot of promise. But it quickly became appearent that the developers really didnt have a well thought out plan for their game. I've seen the leveling and crafting system completely overhauled several times over and in the end they settled for a complete illogical mess.They then added dungeons and bosses, which are also a complete mess and some of the most boring things i've ever encountered.They added some more biomes with quirky and severly annoying and overpowered creatures. They are incredibly annoying and can spawn in large numbler right on top of you. They move erraticly and in all manner of illogical ways and this combined with the horrible combat system makes it all just painful. They didnt add enough biomes in the game either so the last one is just a barren lifeless landscape with nothing to explore.Considering the vast number of other good sandbox sidescrollers out there i really dont see any reason for you to purchase this one, especially not now since the dev's have completely abandoned it before completetion."
,Not Recommended,238240,32394613,Posted: 13 June,all,zburg,Devs abandoned game.
76561198048011516,Recommended,238240,10465996,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Volatile,"Edge Of Space may just seem like another one of those Not-so-smash-hit Terraria replicas. However, if you actually explore the game you'll find that it's much more than that.First off, There's the hefty tutorial, and the (rather) steep learning curve. You'll probably be finding yourself tripping over yourself in the three different menus, each at a not-that-convenient spot on your keyboard.(V for Crafting? Really?)  All the while your having your energy zapped by one of those nice little energy suckers. But once you get used to the very confusing interface it shouldn't be much trouble.Now that we are out of the inital Edge Of Space experience, we'll start talking about some of it's better qualitys. First and most noticable thing is the Weapons. In this game, you can take the phrase ""No weapon is the same"" literally. Different types, Different Ammunition, Different Specs, just about different everything. Ever played Borderlands 1 or 2? Take their weapon system and apply it hear.Next:Updates. Your never not sure when another updates going to be out, because they have a in-game update timer, and the updates are shot out faster than most Early Access games can blink.THE RESULT:While many players will get bored and lose interest in the first chunk of gameplay, those who stick around sure will be going for a fun ride- and loss of outside-world productivity. If you're a patient gamer, I recommend you pick up this title right now.You won't be dissapointed."
,Recommended,238240,7827803,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Crescendo,"This is probably the most enjoyable Early Access Beta I've participated in.The Dev support for this game has been stellar, with all my submitted bug reports and support tickets being responded to within a day at most, and the bugs themselves fixed within a few days. As of the Thanksgiving Patch, I have had no crashes or freezes, but there is also an in-game save option for those of us who get paranoid about beta crashes.There's a lot of systems testing and bug-hunting going on at the present stage of development, but there is enough content to really have a blast.The mobs at present are not pushovers, and can really tear you apart if you aren't careful. Personally, I like that the mob danger factor is so high, as it adds a real tension to the exploration aspect of the game. There is a mechanism in place for craftable respawns, which takes out some of the sting from dying.I've gone on some intense-to-the-point-of-adrenaline-rush missions descending down through the biomes to find and unlock tech upgrades, while mobs and missiles chased my tail. I love the descent into danger mechanism of this game, where there is always an element of risk involved, and skill with manoeuvring and shooting is rewarded.The gameplay is a combination of resource gathering, mob killing, building, crafting, and exploration.There are quest/mission equivalents, in the form of finding Tech Waypoints, where the reward for success is unlocking boosted statistics and/or new craftables, such as better weapons and armour.There are also wormhole events - at present these are time-constrained events where you have a specific timeframe to explore and loot what you can before your time runs out and the wormhole collapses. (Word from the Devs is that there will be a number of different kinds of wormhole events, including boss battles, which I am looking forward to)At present time, there are only two complete Biomes in the Beta, and a limited number of tech upgrades and crafting options. That being said, I haven't exhausted that limited content in the 30 hours I've played thus far, which isn't bad at all for a beta. Furthermore, from the official forums and chats with the devs, it looks like what is presently in game is but a small fraction of the content planned for launch and post-launch.I've found myself losing hours to this game, and do not regret spending money on it at all. As of 30/11, Multiplayer is still disabled, but word from the Devs indicates that this is only temporary while they finetune the coding. So at present, and likely for a few more weeks to come given the time of year, the game does only have single player mode.That hasn't stopped me from having a damn good time with the game though. I definitely recommend it if Terraria or Metroidvania-styled gameplay tickles your fancy."
76561198006650802,Not Recommended,238240,18299680,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Hunter Este,"So here we are....finally at 1.0 and we still feel like we are in a beta.The game is laggy, choppy, the sprites clip and glitch around, the physics are wonkey for gravity (shoot enemy they fly straight upwards?), it's such a mess at the start. Their idea of a tutorial involves talking to a flying shark and gathering stuff.....it's very dull.I'm sad that waiting for nearly a year on this resulted in this mediocrity. Stick with terraria, this feels like a generic knock off terraria in space."
,Not Recommended,238240,23777268,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,⎛Keyro⎞,"""Hey everyone. I know it's been quite a some time since we have posted or patched the game.It's been a very complex ride after the release, and I will go more into it in another post.""2 monts later and no word or patch from the devs..."
76561198077023301,Recommended,238240,11846485,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Mytch,"You've just crashed on a planet. All you've got is some utilities from your ship you were able to grab. You can mine, you can build, and you can craft. What will you do to survive?(tl;dr at bottom)If you're a fan of Terraria, but want something a little more bizarre, and more focused on space, this is definitely your game. Don't see it as Terraria or Minecraft knock-off, though. This game is one of the most unique games of this type that I've seen. Most notably, the crafting system. The way this game's crafting system works is just fantastic. Rather than picking around for specific blocks, you are able to craft things by finding blocks to fit the requirements for density, permiability, and other criteria for creating an object. There is more to this, but I'd rather let you find that out for yourself, as there are many machines in this game that would take a while to fully explain.As you can see the graphics in the screenshots, and audio in the trailers, I'm not really going to dive that deep into them. The only thing I'd like to note is character creation. There is at least a moderate amount of customization for your character off the bat, and even more when you consider vanity and armor further in the game, so if that's the type of thing you're into, consider it another plus.This game isn't completely great though, and I won't be able to stress enough that this game is EARLY ACCESS, and that's what you're paying for. A lot of it isn't done. There are bugs and glitches (though not really anything that will ruin the experience).tl;drPros:+ Crafting system+ Plenty of other machines to play around with+ Block variety (there are vending machines, TVs, etc that you can craft)+ Customization+ Boss fights+ Misc. world events (worm holes and such will crop up here and there)+ Concept (the idea is cool)+ Playtime (lots of playtime in this, even at this stage)Cons:- Graphics (while the graphics aren't bad, you could get sick from watching the world backdrop)- Not finished (bugs - bugs everywhere)- Emphasis on not finished (not that much content)I'll expand this review if anyone actually reads it, or has any questions."
76561198038244070,Not Recommended,238240,33820341,Posted: 26 July,all,Brassqund,"Glitched, not finished, boring, only grinding.Abandonned:-Last update: 22 december 2015-Last news: 29 april 2016-No word since-Edge of Space internet site is down-Nothing on the facebook facebook"
76561198153380235,Not Recommended,238240,24624312,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Chip Skylark,Downgraded Starbound that belongs in the trash 2/10
,Not Recommended,238240,31382895,Posted: 26 April,all,Braethias,"Abandoned game. Do not buy, get Terraria instead."
,Not Recommended,238240,23303092,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Stalker1o2,I wanted to Like it Honestly.But its not complete by anymeans an EA Title that should of stayed in EA till was complete when you purchase this there is no end the the devs never completed the other zones. Still has bugs Multiplayer has it issues the UI after extended play will lag forcing restart of the game.Truely do Feel let down.-Edge of Space Special Edition-
76561197961084868,Not Recommended,238240,15314450,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Maschinenkanone,"I wanted to thumbs up this review but at this time I wouldn't recommend it to others.  It is a work in progress but a couple of key issues are preventing me from doing so.To keep this as brief as possible, there's not hardly any ""How to"" up to date resource online - most of what I found was from more than 12 months ago and a lot of the game content has changed since then.  The in-game tutorial is better than nothing but it only goes over the basics and the in-game codex doesn't offer the detail needed.  If the developer would put up some current video tutorials it would help out a lot.When I first started playing it was a major red flag to me that you couldn't pause the game in single player.  The game can be fairly complex (which is a good thing if you have a resource to explain it) and most of what's available online is fairly outdated.  People were left to ask questions on the forums.  Not a major issue for people that have been playing since 2013, but for new players (even ones with experience from playing other similar games like Terraria or Starbound) they can lose motivation to continue quickly without knowing what to do next to progress.It's not a bad game, it has potential and it's still in development.  However I could not recommend it at this time.  I have uninstalled the game and will check back in a few months."
76561198049378025,Not Recommended,238240,24768920,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,MasonLoots,What to buy instead of Edge of Space.-Terraria-Starbound-A double edged♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,238240,19928361,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,The Friendly Neighborhood Dirk,"I have stayed away from this game for a while due to its low ratings, but decided to buy it during the christmas sale. I wanted to play it for myself to see how it was. Here are my thoughts from just an hour and a half of playtime.Pros:+ Has something like a main quest line+ Has mini events that appear on the planet, with objectives+ Has a crafting system with trees that look like they have a reasonable amount of items+ Has an npc with a bunch of dialogue, uncommon for this genre+ Has a strange (but interesting) artstyle that reminds me of AVwW, but a little different+ Some of the equipment looks well drawn, and very nice as future outfitsCons:- Crafting system requires large amounts of materials to make mundane or low tier objects- Enemies and destructibles drop lots of loot and it feels like my inventory is weighed down with junk just a few minutes into the game- The tiered system for items/crafting isn't intuitive or sensible (other than weapons/tools named ""Mk. 1"", ""Mk.2"", etc.)- The tiers locking you out of building or crafting some items feel arbitrary despite being in an already arbitrary game setting- Mining the necessary materials for the beginning quests or items is very slow, boring, and repetitive; it's so unengaging that it feels like busy work- Mining laterally is A PAIN at times because the laser eminates from your upper chest and you can't mine a straight line below or above that level due to that constraint - you have to mine extra blocks to get line of sight for your laser (which technically makes sense, but this isn't real life and an arbitration could be made here, even just letting us CROUCH would fix half of the problem)- Moving the character is clunky, you stop on a dime and using the jetpack arrests upward movement to begin a slow acceleration upward (but using the jetpack to slow your fall does very little to slow you unless you were already falling at a slow speed)- The npc with dialogue is annoying, makes annoying sounds each time you respond to it, and doesn't help you with the early game much other than telling you what the tutorial pane (accessed with the U key) does.- Several parts of the game are very arbitrary, like being magically unable to mine in an event area until you complete the event (but then able to mine with no problem afterward)Conclusion: The game almost has the barebones of a sandbox crafting adventure game, with what looks like a reasonable amount of content added in. But content doesn't make a game, it only adds to it. The base gameplay, the platforming, the item collection and crafting, just feels bad. It does not feel finished. It feels like a prototype with extra content."
,Not Recommended,238240,26069858,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Rat,"Well, it's been a few years of following EoS through Early Access and beyond, and while re-writes of the UI, introduction and progression were *really* good improvements over what existed prior, they're unfinished - egregiously in places - and the game in itself is unpleasant to play.Could be fixed, but in the 10 months of radio silence... it doesn't look likely.Avoid - there's better games that deliver a more complete experience."
76561197968316846,Recommended,238240,27321647,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Dabou Master,"Never understood why everybody started hating this game.First it was too hard, so dev made it easier.Then it was too clunky, so dev remade the UI again and again (it's still not perfect though but I saw big improvements overtime).Then it was another thing and another one and no matter what dev team did, people were still mad at them ...I did enjoy this game since the beginning, I adapted each time the game changed and yet people kept whining because it wasn't exactly how they felt it shoud have been.After all this hard work and still getting pooped in the face, the dev team left ... how strange, right ?I'm not mad at the dev team, but I'm so sad that people can't understand that making others miserable because they don't have exactly what they want (and having paid for it is no excuse to this behavior in my opinion) will make them give up on their task ...For what it's worth, I miss you Handyman team :(, but thank you anyway for the actual game cause I really don't feel that I've been robbed and I still enjoy it from time to time."
,Not Recommended,238240,29198852,Posted: 11 January,all,Rokush0u,Abandoned game. Cash grab. Basically echoing what other reviewers said at this point. Bought this game in early access and it released unfinished. It remains unfinished to this day. Don't wasye your money. Buy/play Terraria instead.
,Not Recommended,238240,34969756,Posted: 15 September,all,재재,terraria 150 hours starbound 345 hours... edge of space 82 minutes. Im a huge fan of the genre but this game just sucks. Devs left it a mess and promised updates since 2015 of which we got basically nothing but promises.
,Not Recommended,238240,30741650,Posted: 25 March,all,Azro,"Please don't buy this game, buy starbound instead. This is a sad recreation and amalgamation of really bad space video games, turned into a platformer. It's not diverse and it doesn't have a workshop, the worst part is that you depend on one metal for survival-- ALUMINUM! In the real world, aluminum is used for cans of SODA! SODA FOR GOD'S SAKE! And in this game, you land on one planet & sit there forever! In starbound, there are more planets to visit, and you get a personal ship! The creatures are more diverse, and the art style is more clean & not overly detailed like this GARBAGE. This is the WORST 2d platformer I've ever seen. Even CAT MARIO could top this."
,Not Recommended,238240,29635448,Posted: 1 February,all,Kodos Macarthur,"Development has halted, and the game is not complete as far as I know.  No news posts since April 2016 at the time of me writing this review.  If the situation changes, I'll edit this review of course, but as of right now? Save your cash."
,Not Recommended,238240,23969130,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Arakis,"Regretful and disappointed.I have about eighty-four hours invested into Edge of space. (with about one third of my time in pre-release, over 404 hours in Terraria in comparison). It was exhilarating  to see a game with the science-fiction setting in the genre. I wanted to like this game, but it's been a letdown overall. Exploration and expansion become quite hindered by your armor and weapons. Crafting remains over-complex and tedious. It is all too easy to sink hours looking for resources that are a little -too- scarce. Items take sometimes a half-dozen ingredients to make (which themselves take several crafting stations). In comparison to Terraria, most items take three or fewer (excluding endgame content). This game is an example of a great premise bogged down by poor development. This is one of the few games I keep trying every so often to see if they've fixed it, and so far they haven't. I'm not yet at the point where I wish I could trade or return it, but I'm not too far from that either."
,Not Recommended,238240,30803510,Posted: 28 March,all,Flelark,"Abandoned by the devs after the far too early release, with the website 404ing. They've appeared to have just packed up and left, with no hope for the future of the game."
76561198004782951,Not Recommended,238240,28606273,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Woot [PoE],"Sigh.  Nice music, and clearly they had some neat ideas, but they never got the game where they wanted it, and clearly just decided to call it done.  The game's website is defunct, and the devs have ghosted.  Bummer."
,Not Recommended,238240,30071480,Posted: 20 February,all,Mac=VX9=,Game is abandoned.  Buy Starbound or Terraria instead.
76561197971052666,Not Recommended,238240,23475353,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,alexmepr,One off the best examples of why you should not buy Early Access games. What the other reviuwers say is true. Dont buy early access.
76561198008949154,Not Recommended,238240,25025449,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,billg,"I bought this game around the time it first came up on the steam store as an EA game hoping for a terreria in space. Not much has improved since then. The game is still full of game breaking bugs and the game feels empty, barren, and unfinished. Also it turns out the the devs slapped a 1.0 on this turd called it a day and disappeared. Don't buy it."
76561198061835708,Not Recommended,238240,30131701,Posted: 23 February,all,BlueNinja,Dont buy it the devs abandoned it sadly.
76561198118087183,Not Recommended,238240,29287609,Posted: 15 January,all,Panzerwulfen,Abandonware as far as I can tell. Don't bother giving anyone a cent for this game.
76561198008219170,Not Recommended,238240,23234854,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Stormwindward,"This game had the potential to be good. It isn't. Sloppy control elements, lack of explanation, bad controls and no map in a 2d world builder. If you are interested in this genre of creativity and open world steer clear."
,Not Recommended,238240,29574626,Posted: 29 January,all,Treffnixxx,Webpage gone and devs disapeard ....Have get this game as early access and would love to get my money back ;(
76561198019264914,Not Recommended,238240,22874077,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,MrAndyT,"They ""released"" the game and disappered and moved on to their next project though they have promised more, stick with Terraria which is 100% a better and more complete game."
76561197987717311,Not Recommended,238240,25083252,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,「§NG」| wak,abandoned game devs stopped caring about people that play and the game i think they went to starbound instead.
76561198007406367,Not Recommended,238240,23475913,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,FangElon,Abandoned game.
,Not Recommended,238240,25492448,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Fye,"I cannot recommend this in good conscience.  There are many aspects of this game that I enjoy (largely, the overall concept/game idea) but the fact that the devs have more or less abandoned the game makes the delays and/or broken aspects of the game many of us have dealt with for months/years rather frustrating.  Things like the poor transition from biomes, the EXTREMELY poor hotbar usage, or the unfinished dungeons all add up to unfulfilled expectations.  In the end, I want to recommend this game but too many broken promises (and yes, me being an EA adopter is my fault, I accept that) lead to caveat emptor at this point."
76561198008401678,Recommended,238240,13074530,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Neophysis,"This game is one of the good examples for Early Acces. The Dev team is really nice and are very present and working with the community. Constant patches and addet content keeps making the game get better and better and i don´t regret buying into this at all. The art style, music and ambient is just awesome and everyone who like this genre should give it a try.Even tho it got Terraria content in it it is by far not a clone and got it´s own unique feeling to it as it is more focused on action and plays more like a metroid game when it comes to progression and gunplay.A big thumbs up from me ."
76561198039986202,Not Recommended,238240,23362093,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,kevcharlgiles,"Don't touch this game with a barge pole. There are too many things to list that are broken; while I can accept this with early release game, this title has been released as finished.I write this review after I had been waiting for an update/patch to arrive, hoping it would transform the game in to something I always hoped it would be. Approaching half a year later, with very little from the developers, it's time I made sure others don't make the same mistake I did, purchasing this game.Save your money buy Terraria, which coincidentally has just received  another great update."
76561197970388715,Not Recommended,238240,33853167,Posted: 28 July,all,THE BROWN EYED K!NG,"DO NOT BUY! Unfinished, incompetent Devs took the money and did a runner. Game in current state is pure garbage."
,Not Recommended,238240,23650083,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,jonoaf,"Game had a lot of potential but it was rushed to 1.0 then apparently abandoned. Lots of unfinished features and bugs. If the developers ever come back I'll reconsider this review but until then, play Terraria or Starbound where you can get some developer support."
,Not Recommended,238240,33391300,Posted: 8 July,all,Sir Bleezie,Game developers took our money and ran. Worst kind of people. Terrible game.
,Not Recommended,238240,32567891,Posted: 19 June,all,Kritigri,"Disappointed that this game looks good, but lies unfinished? Look up Starbound."
,Not Recommended,238240,25896047,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Girard,"Basically a messy flawed and buggy game that I really wanted to help make great, but it struggled just to almost get to OK.Cannot recommend this game.Unfinished, but released.  Hours played shows I tried to give it several fair shakes during the prerelease phases.  I tried to contribute to the game via bug hunting, bug reports, guide on how to craft, etc.Turns out I wasted that time, nothing really ever came of it but sadness and frustration."
,Recommended,238240,16310953,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,TowardsLA,"Funny story, actually. I bought this thinking it was Starbound, and was horribly disappointing. I have no idea what build I was getting into.What I got into was pretty much ""build a base with a couple of buildings as a home-base, upgrade your characters and build armor and weapons, then kill the like 20 or so different enemies in the game.""I mean the way to progress your character was to get little data-chips that would increase your xp.It was cute, but it took waaaay too long to progress, and when you did a lot of the time it felt like half of your progress was for very little.Now it's been a while, there's a pretty clear line between enemies that act as a faction that alert each other and gang up on you(can get really tedious at times, but as long as this is a beta that's all good) whereas there's other wildlife enemies where some'll be more aggressive, but less factional in that they communicate with others of it kind, and then other creatures doesn't really care that much, but gets mad or scared if you attack them.Base construction used to have a power generator and a command center's CPU-distribution as their main sources of power for the base equipment. Now they have Command Centers that power parts of bases, but command centers will conflict with each other, so you'll either have bases build into segments, or bases placed in completely different edges of the map, still connected by the Command Centers as one can teleport from one CC to another.There's the separation between Phase-type weaponry (that doesn't use ammunition) that does less damage than projectile-based weaponry(which does use ammunition), there's signs that they'll end up giving us energy-based weaponry as well.Game's also got a few vehicles, as of patch 0.4458 we have the Zephyr, decent hp, medium speed vehicle, pretty large, would guess about 6x7 blocks-size or so? There's also a Thunderbird, which I haven't tried, but it's supposed to be more armored, but slower. Other than these mechanical vehicles there's mounts: A crab, a jumpy raptor, a fast raptor and a net with captured jellyfish that works like a hoverbike. Jellyfishbikes have very little fuel, but are way faster than traveling by foot, never tried mounts as I was worried their lack of ability to fly or hover would make it hard to traverse in any useful terrain, as there's not much to gain by scouting the surface, unless you're on-foot killing enemies for loot and XP.Hope to see the ability to equip and upgrade vehicles and/or mounts with different types of weapons/mining equipment in the future(choosing between phase, projectile and energy, potentially even one additional weapon slot in specific cases would add interesting layers into the vehicles section I think) Definitely hope to see refueling stations/refueling kits in the future as some vehicles are way to expensive to have them permanently expire after traveling a short distance, not to mention that giving the vehicle retrievability until it's destroyed could justify increasing costs of vehicles, and giving it said weapon/armor upgrades as mentioned earlier.Not sure what the devs have in mind in terms of npc's or vending machines, but so far this game is intriguing.The different AI behaviors are also interesting in terms of there being completely passive AI, passive-aggresive AI, faction aggressive AI's and some that will camouflage themselves rather than attack you for survival.Nature yielding multiple resources as well giving different elements like sap, bark, the leaves and seeds, which affects what players can do in terms of crafting. It's half interesting due to different categories of crafting materials (Inorganic(processsed)/raw, minerals/chemicals/organic etc) but I also halfway feel like plants and gems end up kind of taking up a little bit much inventory space, as much as I adore the complexity. It works, but with a limited amount of inventory space it's definitely tough if you're going solo. Which also makes the swarmy enemy spawns a bit tough to deal with. Haven't tried playing with friends yet, so would say this'd be way more fun multiplayer.All in all, in its current state I think that if you wish to roll solo and only go for weapons and armor upgrades I think the game'll last a few days. If you're going for exploration, building bases, upgrading yourself and essentially minmaxing on everything on your own it'll be worth everything from 1 week and up depending on how fast you are with these kinds of games and how much time you have to play it. I'm thinking 15+ hours a day being super efficient and lucky with weapon stats(Because weapons' stats are semi-RNG. Dmg per shot, in-game gun visuals, accuracy, crit rate, Ammo cap, MAYBE reloading time, and refire rate/rounds per second). Although it's a bit buggy and pretty slow in its current state, its simple ""complexity"" in crafting and although the devs(and their resources) are in charge of how much they can do with it I think it has sick potential, even if they end up sticking with the content they have right now, although more stuff's always beyond appreciated.I'm very glad I stumbled across this game, and I hope it goes even further as this is awesome so far.PS. Devs. PLEASE give me a way to change my looks. I'm stuck with a thing on my face that won't let me see the helmet-art.Also, there's a bug where when you blow up a thing that explodes upon death with an exploding projectile, the explosion caused by the dying npc will destroy the projectile post-explosion and will cause a chain explosion in projectile and dead enemy, which nearly killed my application. If there was a way to fix that that would be great, meanwhile I'll make sure to only kill explosion upon death units with normal bullets."
76561198040074492,Not Recommended,238240,28893212,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,PritheeCareful,"Devs more or less gave up when it was going relatively good for some non-existant reason. Ended up with the game being called finished, and to this day stains my steam library with it's presence. Gonna get it permanentely removed from my account.once again; the power of early access magic.Don't get it."
76561198091450520,Not Recommended,238240,32044787,Posted: 29 May,all,MR TEA,got the special editoin and i got non of the bonus items just get starbound both same but starbound got more story and quests
,Not Recommended,238240,34479968,Posted: 25 August,all,Peppy Pizza,Starbounds autistic cousin
76561198052770757,Not Recommended,238240,30474221,Posted: 12 March,all,mulchov,Abandoned game. Devs took the money and left.
,Not Recommended,238240,25435080,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,beavisblack,"Leave this page, just like the devs that left us."
,Not Recommended,238240,29355003,Posted: 19 January,all,Ninjaloose,"Game is dead, don't buy, could have been great, some enjoyment can be extracted."
,Not Recommended,238240,28660918,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Alestair,"Merry Christmas, Cheery Saturnalia, Happy Hannukah, Good Kwanza, loving Yule...Welp, if you are reading this I applaud you.I'm just gonna go all James Rofle on this.With a name like ""Edge of Space"" yo feel as though there will be some adventure involved.In the time it took to figure out how to install this hot pile of flaming garbage, I could have actually gone on an adventure to the stars, and met real aliens.In the time it takes to create a character, I could have become the next Bill Gates.In the time it takes the world generator to generate worlds, I was able to cook all of my family's christmas dinner.(above was the TL;DR)To start, I am running an Alienware area 51, with a an 8tb HDD, a 512gb ssd, 32 gigs of ddr4 overclocked to 5.8 megahertz per second, an nvidia titan graphics card with 8 gb of onboard video memory...During the install, the game got stuck at 12% for about an hour and a half, I had to restart the install 35 times before it actually passed that point. Next, the game wouldn't even load, like at all... I'm doing everything I can think of to fix this (aside from making a satanic sacrifice to Belzebub, and sacrficing the blood of the lamb, and the heart of the goat(jk))After fixing the not launching problem, I waited at the ""made with unity"" screen for about an hour [3:00 pm].After that, I had to create an avatar, and was completely unimpressed with the ""creation"".I then had to generate a world, which was great, It gave me time to make the stuffing, mash the potatos, roast the turkey,  toss the salad, bake the kings cake, warm up my vocal cords to sing ""God rest you merry gentleman"" on the bass cleft, go caroling, throw the green bean casserole in the oven, have eggnog and share stories with old friends, (you get the picture).... and it still wasnt even half way done creating the world [7:00 pm].finally at 11 pm, it had finished...I waited for a few seconds, and then was pleased(hardcore sarcasam) with the results. terrible graphics, sketchy sound quality, and non responsive controls. after 30 minutes of gameplay, it had crashed, BSOD'ed in fact, I could have spent the $3.74 on a cheap pocket knife.With love, Damien Shaydehart."
,Not Recommended,238240,23883329,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Jakobian,"The Devs decided to abandon this before finishing it. Granted, I played it quite a bit, but there's no ending. It just sort of stops."
,Not Recommended,238240,29731475,Posted: 5 February,all,NightTarot,"Everytime I've downloaded this Game for the past year it glitches and freezes before the Titlescreen, I feel bad for the Community that decided to follow this game."
76561198071183669,Not Recommended,238240,23464346,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,DaMaN,"This game looked like Terraria so I bought it hoping it would be just as fun. Long story short, It isn't."
,Not Recommended,238240,26448469,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Sirrussel5,Just get Starbound. 'Nuff said.
76561197970580312,Not Recommended,238240,25470809,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Andrew,"Unfinished.The devs of this ttle are too busy playing Starbound, instead."
76561198110382014,Not Recommended,238240,32126043,Posted: 2 June,all,KicKGirl,don't buy this game save ur money for better game this game suck don't make a mistake like i do
76561198006831792,Recommended,238240,7807939,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,N_Mandrag,"Since my first view of this title, the developers turned a slightly clunky and obtuse mining and crafting game into a stable and enjoyable game. It is apparent that the developers have poured a lot of work into improving the early access prototype.The controls have been tightend up, the crafting improved and a lot of content added - overall, the current version of the game offers more of everything then before.If you were sceptical about weither or not this would turn out like a knock-off Starbound, rest assured - Edge of Space is sufficiently different to make it a worthwhile expirience for veteran starbounders too."
,Not Recommended,238240,30182658,Posted: 25 February,all,TerraGamer22,I hate this game. The devs just ran away with everyones money and have not responded since April of 2016. DO NOT BUY.I REPEAT. DO NOT BUY.
,Recommended,238240,14744533,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,deurkruk,"Almost missed this title due to mixed reviews. Glad I didn't! Please do not let mixed reviews scare you off like almost happened to me. I will tell you why. Most negatives were probably from the early stages of this game and from people who expected a full game during early access.Pro's:-Excellent grahics for the genre.-Good sound effects.-Many innovations, like vertical progression and unlocking new craftables with Science points.(at first I hated the science points thing but grew to love it once I understood how it worked)-Darn good tutorial for an Early Access game.-Very few bugs so far.-Very involved and helpful devs and community.Con's:-Even though it has a good tutorial I found it still hard to know what to do next after start and what path to take to progress into biomes below after start.So there you have it, I think the label 'mixed reviews' is very misplaced. I can't stress enough that this is a solid and good game with friendly devs.10/10 Would commit suicide to bring my stuff home again."
,Not Recommended,238240,33060956,Posted: 30 June,all,Edgewalker,"This game was misleadingly released from Early Access unfinished. I stronly recommend against buying it, and against buying Early Access games in general."
76561197999317165,Recommended,238240,13077041,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Barnabe,"TL;DR: It's an early access game with a strong foundation that needs more content, a little tweaking, and polish.This game just had a pretty big update from what I understand. Look at your review dates, if it is dated before Nov 24th, then it's not reflecting the game in it's current state.I'll have a more detailed review once I log more hours.First few hours:Cons:-Tutorial is a little frusterating, got confused at one point and thought my progress was blocked. (Turns out I was trying to craft the wrong thing during it)-Progress is not entirely intuitive yet.-The gear grind is a little on the slow side.Pro's:-Stong basic mechanics.-The one mini-boss fight I've been in was terrifying and fun. Tons of little critters coming after me in a cave putting out my temporary lights as they advanced. (If I didn't have the regen pack by then I probably would have died)-Fun building mechanics (if not entirely intuitive yet)-I made a jetpack out of dirt.Something I'm unsure about but rates mention:-Science xp, and these data modules: Maybe it's just because Starforge did something similar (and they did it poorly), but I'm wary of having to unlock recipies with xp and blueprints. This system could either make or break the gear progression in the game and needs to be handled well.So, should you pick up this game now? I'm leaning towards yes. The Dev's seem dedicated and attentive to their players, and the game has a strong foundation."
,Not Recommended,238240,22640789,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Brimshae,"Yet another testament to the great Kickstarter/Early Access deluge of 2014.The game has, as near as I can tell, been completely abandoned by the developers and the community manager, with one of the former regularly going on about a new project he's working on.No one from the dev team appear to have been anywhere near the Steam forums (nor the official forums, from what little I checked) for around three months now.The game seemed interesting enough, with an interesting (if somewhat grindy) Science XP mechanic, wherein mining and killing critters got you Science XP to unlock crafting tiers.Sadly, attempting to load a game, or even start a new world with a saved character causes a Coherent UI crash, which the devs have never fixed. IF you are able to get your world to load then you will be stuck without a HUD. No way to manage your inventory, and no way to transfer/drop/change items. Crafting is also impossible.tl;dr? Yet another dead, abandoned game that serves as a testament against Kickstarters and Early Access.Edit: And this is what you're greeted with when you start the game.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=823926715"
76561198032017147,Not Recommended,238240,28247083,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Spartan II 777,yeah... where'd you guys go?
76561197986186175,Not Recommended,238240,29239475,Posted: 13 January,all,Flavius,A shining example of why Early Access is bad and Valve should feel bad.
,Not Recommended,238240,29196002,Posted: 11 January,all,HoneyBadger,cashgrab if ever i've seen one
,Not Recommended,238240,32753574,Posted: 24 June,all,Nightburst,"I can't recommend the game since it's abandoned, but it's really not too bad."
,Not Recommended,238240,33126988,Posted: 2 July,all,Meat,Bought it whilst in Early Access. Looked hopeful but seemed like a WIP. It was 'released' in an unfinished broken state and now is abandoned. It was probably released to prevent refunds to be honest. Most disappointed. At this point it is clear to see that this game will never progress and so it should be removed from the Store.Probably not elibigle but requested a refund anyway. Gave me a chance to let them know how dead it is.
76561198102168297,Not Recommended,238240,34320849,Posted: 17 August,all,BDK,i got this game a few years ago because i was a big fan of of terraria and starboundthe overall reviews were mixed but there were people saying to ignore them and its a good gamei absolutley hated itand since  didnt know how to refund that was a total waste of cashits trashthis is the game that taught me to be cautious with games wth mixed ratings
76561198094474010,Not Recommended,238240,32074620,Posted: 30 May,all,MAVERICK,Abandoned Trash.
,Not Recommended,238240,31778044,Posted: 15 May,all,Bloodright,"Dead game, developer rushed to put it out at the end and never finished what they said they would."
76561198129950056,Not Recommended,238240,31308807,Posted: 22 April,all,Xaplomian,I am not saying this is a bad game. It is not but there is a lot that needs to be added into the game and I can see a lot of potential in this but it has been completely abondoned by the devs. Their was supposed to be mod support but unforunatly that has not happened. If the devs actually still cared about this game.
,Recommended,238240,15715281,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Ersatz Soul,"I've bought this game when it was v0.16 or something and played around many versions and at time i write this review i have like 200h played.To keep it short - i like this game pretty much and game quite improved since long ago. Shamefully, no longer supported.To tell the truth, 1.0`s feature wasnt suprise for me since i was in inner test team, yet those changes from last public build to 1.0 made game much more and quite much more entertaining. I'd even say it made game lively - tons of different events waiting for you to blow up (well, some of them do require you to bomb some places).So, what's this game about? - it's about exploration of planet, on which you had emergency landing when ArkCo`s shop crashed (watch the intro cinematics for more story) - thus you're alone (or not - if multiplayer with friends) and now you need to explore this world, getting resources and making better  equipment in process (typical for all such games). Further you go down - better resources, more dungerous enemies, new places to visit. For most actions you get XP to spend in knowledge window to get access to better gear and new facilities.EoS is about exploring ONE planet (different each time you make new world, following some generation rules obviously), furthermore - exploring it VERTICALLY - there are 3 biomes, which is placed vertically, even thought you will explore it in rather horisontal line, then moving down to next one. Also, note there isnt any solid terrain - rather flying chunks of it (codex it for why), thus you will not be forced to dig through solid terrain to get lower and lower.Many ppl complaining about game being too hardcore at start since weapon you begin with sucks at dmg (lol, ppl didnt even bother opening crafting window to see 1 scematics of better gun being avaible). But dont get too relaxed - most of things on this planet seems to be made to be human-killers and death can me quick and/or painful :3Ii expect ppl crying in few days about dying and respawning at start as annoying feature - even thought u can make and bind urself to better cryopods (respawn facility) to get respawn-at-dying-place points on time bases - cryorods.Btw - game has no tutorial, outside window with knowledge - CODEX - about thing you find/unlocked and flying laser shark, which will teach you some basics. Why? - well, for world's optimisation and....more hilariously, some ppl failed to finish tutorial or even simply passed by w/o learning and then stormed forum/reviews with questions tutorial had answer on :3Really, so far it's not very hard to understand a game.Those confused by low % of positive rewievs - most of negatives are made by those, who didnt bother to lurking around about game or didnt play enough (under 10hours - not even worth looking at), as well as people wanting Starbound clone.For more detailed comparison of EoS/Starbound/Terraria/etc visithttp://steamcommunity.com/app/238240/discussions/0/540735426074163826/Pros:- interactions with developers - they do respond within a day (depending on timeline of yours) and they're friendly. Seriously, they even used to run server to play with players and they do take in account suggestions of players about what to implement;- helpful people;- Quite big sandbox-generated world - can travel to new places, see alot monsters and kill them. 3 biomes with different flora, fauna - so you will not see all the same things for whole game.- build your base, place facilities and decorate at your taste (alot stuff will be coming, thought even now you can spend few hours decorating);- rpg-oriented - alot stuff to research, player-style-oriented armor sets and kits;- quite nice amount of armors (3 trees: fighter, explorer, builder - all with unique and useful bonuses), weapons (phase - unlimited ammo and weak strikes, projectiles - limited powerful crafted ammo, energy - not present yet) and facilities to place;- SCI-FI setting;- some humorous moments;- Pretty nice graphics;Cons:- only English as supported language atm;- no way to pause game (thought placing command node and teleporting to command center placed in your haven saves the day);- a bit hard to set multiplayer server - there is a complete How-To guide on forum thought;- not exatly your average YOBA in terms of game's info - well, Codex, npcs and your brain should be enough to figure out the game (at least many questions are answered on forum since long ago)neutral:- farming - as in any rpg of such type, you gonna need to get resources for ur stuff, thpught getting most of resources isnt hard during traveling - just keep your eyes open. If playing solo - one might consider getting builder sets for quicker digging;- 2d game - yep, no realistic 3D graphics (like in 60-usd games);- not newbie-friendly in some terms (tutorial thing explained above), since not everything is explained, chewed for you and put in your mouth with spoon. If you run into trouble - i'm currently making game's guide:http://steamcommunity.com//sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=448294464feel free to open it. If reading forum and guide still left you with question - feel free to ask me.- more multiplayer-oriented, than singleplayer game (noone stops from playing alone thought. Truth to be told, i donno about other simular games and their MP/SP orientation)state of game:- 3 biomes present and filled (with mobs, plants, events and stuff).- dungeons - instances to find some specific resources and bosses.- animal mounts and vehicles;- multiplayer (thought require to have someone hosting server);- guns (3 trees) and melee, armors (3 different trees w different type of bonuses), upgrades, facilities and stuff in quite nice amounts;- NPCs - somewhat funny bunch;- terrafroming is present))- achievements.- trading cards :3"
,Not Recommended,238240,29469294,Posted: 24 January,all,SwiggitySwaggity,"The developers have abandoned this game completely, Taking our money and running.It's unfinished, Buggy and severely lacking content.Do. Not. Buy."
,Not Recommended,238240,34702960,Posted: 2 September,all,Jennings824,Had high hopes for this game but it sucked since the day I bought it in 2015. Not a single update since then either...give me my money back you ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s
76561198084795054,Not Recommended,238240,13077593,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,kyleatc,"This is a review in it's current state.I understand this game is still in beta, but in it's current state I'm not a fan. I definitely see the potential of this game and can forsee it being a really fun and addictive game like Terraria. Right now it's just frustrating. Especially since this game has been out in beta for over a year and the feel hasn't changed. It's sad when 3 of my friends and I can't stand to play this more than an hour every 3-4 months we try it.Many items that you find early in game have absolutely 0 use or in the item details it shows ""Will be updated in the future"" or some nonsense. The inventory feels clunky and can be buggy when swapping things in and out of your actionbars.For those of you who played Terraria, if you enjoyed the helper dude being there to somewhat guide you in the right direction you're going to have a harder time. The beginning gives you a brief sense of direction but then it's gone. To understand what a lot of things do, you must either spend lots of time trying to figure it out on your own or look it up on the wiki.While I feel games do need to have a little but of challenge in them, I'm not sure the start of this game goes in the right direction with that. Your mining tool is painfully slow. Your starting weapon is painfully weak. Materials needed to upgrade anything are way high. You also have lives in this game. So as you're digging down trying to find some sort of material you need to make an item you have no clue what it does, you come across some crabs that take 15 shots to kill with your weak gun and they kill you. You've spent 20 minutes digging, lost a life, and still have 0 of the material you need.The soundtrack is nice. Which is one thing I expected after playing Terraria and Starbound. Visuals look good for the most part. The gameplay just has a long way to go until I feel it will be fun.If you want a new Terraria style game, go pick up starbound instead. You'll be completely satisfied! Maybe in another year I can say the same about this."
76561198076628049,Not Recommended,238240,14769241,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,ksalmonjr49,this game is...ok its no starbound or terraria but it has potential i recommend for poeople to wait until the game is finished to check it out.
76561198071419613,Not Recommended,238240,25386987,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Sparky mark phillips,"abandoned and incomplete, DO NOT BUY"
76561198048910071,Recommended,238240,18100961,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,drakemaw,"Never done a review before but I felt like this game deserved it.  I think the negative reviews are born mostly out of frustration with how long the game took to get from early access to release- this game has come a long way and, with it's 1.0 release, compares favorably with other games in the genre.Edge of Space is a lot of fun to play- its bones are basically sci-fi terraria, but they've fleshed it out with actual character progression, mechs, rocket assisted dinosaur mounts and a ton of humor.If you like this genre, Edge of Space is well worth your while."
76561198089834956,Not Recommended,238240,25209586,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Gav Indie,Isn't even finished.
76561198041737136,Not Recommended,238240,18251179,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,TheSlov,"Bought this game since it first appeared in Early Acess. Played it on and off until they announced an official release date, so let's get to the details and where this game fell apart.First, for a space exploration/craft game it's mostly about just digging down....down down and only down. The crafting menu is categorized but it's still very messy and not pretty. Explanations on how switches work with power are also few and far between so you're going to have to do your own troubleshooting for a while. There is a variety of weapons, i won't deny that, but in terms of USEFUL weapons there are only a few types which work well. So you can basically ignore all the melee and energy fueled weapons, stick to the projectile and plasma weapons. But the worst part of this game is the enemies...their hitboxes are really funky, and to make matters worse the hurt boxes on your weapons are terrible as well. So mixing hard to hit enemies with weapons that are hard to aim...great. And the movement of the enemies is particularly annoying and random. Otherwise I applaud its effort to be different but this game feels poorly done to me."
76561198094404839,Not Recommended,238240,24419257,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,ninjabotpc,"When I first got the game, it was some what of a let down, don't get me wrong, the art was detailed and nice, the tutorial mission was decent for giving information (but was very boring, to me atleast) and there was some very nice potential for the game.But, the gameplay was, and is, really quite boring, the enemies (atleast the one I found so far) aren't interesting to fight, and really are to easy (atleast i think so), the tedious grinding for materials feels bland and unrewarding, and, currently, the development for this game has died and is most likely dead in the water.But, I do have some hope that they will fix these promblems, and that they start adding new content to the game."
76561198142697519,Not Recommended,238240,24105231,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Tetra2000,"Eh. That is the one word to describe this game.It is an ok Open-world, sandboxy game, the areas are different, the enemies are kinda cool, the boss(es? I have only seen one) is/are ok. So when you start, everything seems like it will be good...BUT this game falls short. After playing for about an hour you will be bored as hell, you have to grind a huge amount for anything, missions are stupid as they don't work very well and all armour, upgrades, etc feel the same. No weapon seems unique or fun for that matter.This is coming from someone who has not played with friends, maybe it is a really fun multiplayer game? I don't know but If you want to/ think it looks fun then give it a try but I wouldn't recommend it too much.I really want to like this game and recommend it, but I just can't. It has too many issues.5/10 Fun for a short while then gets boring"
,Not Recommended,238240,34262735,Posted: 15 August,all,Jim Diggity,"Awful game long since abandoned by its ♥♥♥♥♥♥ devs. Just get Terraria or Starbound for an actually complete experience.Hell, you'd probably have more fun reading Trump's twitter feed."
76561198049901488,Not Recommended,238240,29252064,Posted: 14 January,all,qTay,"broken, has always been broken. abandoned. a hoax"
,Not Recommended,238240,30204467,Posted: 26 February,all,calvin,THIS IS WHAT HAPPENS WHEN YOU PROMISE STRANGERS A GOOD GAME AND ♥♥♥♥ THEM IN THE♥♥♥♥♥
76561198119317436,Not Recommended,238240,26494189,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Deftech,"Quite♥♥♥♥♥♥♥if I may say so, just get starbound or terraria instead."
,Not Recommended,238240,34802256,Posted: 7 September,all,Ex Nihiloish,This game makes me want to tear out my eyeballs and pelt the developers' kids with them.
,Not Recommended,238240,29780811,Posted: 8 February,all,Chiisun,"This game is a great example that you should never trust steam reviews. It's a garbage ""game"". It had some people in the beginning that said it was good but look at how bad it ended up being."
76561198043986403,Not Recommended,238240,26294901,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,GrYmFirE13,Dead
76561198047558991,Not Recommended,238240,28597324,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Vektron,"As many already stated, the game was released half-made."
76561198007178612,Not Recommended,238240,30495247,Posted: 13 March,all,Diarmuhnd,"unfinished.abandoned.garbage.even if you get this for free, you should refund it.good luck have fun"
76561197970320868,Not Recommended,238240,24753121,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,sizer99,"Sigh, was really hoping some of the other Terraria in space games would pan out, but this is so inferior to Terraria or Starbound that I can't even recommend it if you're desperate.Even if you think 'Terraria in space' is unfair for anything to live up to, the game is abandoned early access trash and not worth it even on its own merits. If it ever gets a transformative update, I'll gladly wipe this review.In the mean time, tryCraft the Worldinstead.  No, it's not the same but it's far more polished than this, and once you get the hang of not directly controlling an avatar, far more enjoyable."
76561198041761400,Not Recommended,238240,34465057,Posted: 24 August,all,gellala,So many bugs... my legs itch after playing this game for 5 minutes
,Not Recommended,238240,31851767,Posted: 19 May,all,BEANDY [BTP],This game is so unstable even bringing up the Steam Menu by pressing Shift + Tab crashes the game clicking out of the game crashes it aswel. The background and art is painful to look at and the developer abandoned the game. Do not buy.
,Not Recommended,238240,18244405,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Hayden Sikh,"For version 1.0.3Though the developers have released this from Early Access, it really should not have been.  First off, the bugs:missing image assetsbroken dialog trees/subquestsspelling mistakescrafting window which gets laggier and laggier each time it's opened.constant shaking of the screen when left unattended for long enough (in my case, once to answer a phone call and another to deal with a someone at the door).Beyond the bugs, the content of the game itself is surprisingly sparse.  You just constantly descend without much incentive to explore other than to discover upgrade stations.  You can also find NPCs and get their subquests, but even if those subquests aren't broken there's no real payoff for completing them.At its current level, the amount of active development and polish needed before this would be worthwhile is probably measured in months, not days or weeks.  I'd check back in six months to a year to see if things have gotten better or if the move out of Early Access is an indication that the dev team is abandoning the game and so might as well call it done."
,Recommended,238240,12908442,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Jim,"Edit for 1.0 release : Been super hyped for this and now that it's actually out, it didn't disappoint.Tldr; Buy the game. Best case scenario you love it and have a new game to play. Worst case scenario, you find out it's not for you and you can just get a refund.Pros :Toooooooooons of contentA much needed optimization (went from 25-30 to 60fps)Easy to set up multiplayer as long as you know what you're doing3 seperate tech trees for armor and 3 seperate tech trees for guns as well as a tech tree for melee.Every tech tree has 15 layers/ranksArmor looks unique and prettyIntroduction of nests that can be taken over (nice challenge at the start of the game)3 bosses already in the game with more planned for the futureSound effects sound great, especially for the weaponsOverhaul of world generation. No longer are titanium, ice, and other ores rare in the first phase of the game.Game promotes a natural progresion in that exploring, digging, and fighting will all give you exp you can put towards techI really really like this soundtrack (thanks, Lori)Different types of weapons feel different. Phase are weak but infinite weapons, projectile are strong but very limited, and energy are strong but require you to decide between using them or using your jetpack since they both use the same energy.Wide range of enemies and great for people who like making very technical bases (with logic gates implemented and an easy to use power system)Funny loading screens to help pass the tedious but necessary parts of every gameCons :Weapons are a little hard to get used to and are sometimes hit and miss. Like with any game release, it has its fair share of bugsAfter the tutorial with Fineous, it's kinda hard to know what to do nextOver abuncdence of snails and frogs can get annoying.Game doesn't feel as grindy as other people make it out to be. I don't find it to be too gindy since there's always a lot of things to do.Finished playing Terraria with a friend and needed a similar game to play. With Gaben's infinite knowledge, steam recommended this game. After looking around and reading reviews for a few days I can honestly say I do not regret buying this a bit. Game felt grindy but with the new system being implemented, that's going to change completely. The devs are active and actually pay attention to people's positive AND negative reviews and react positively to both (Unlike starbound...). The reviews on the developers played a huge part in my purchase and I'll be buying a copy for my friend in the near future (aka the steam sale). Couldn't recommend enough."
,Not Recommended,238240,26723941,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Bethany Esda,"If you like the concept of this game, buy Starbound instead, It's more expensive but far more expansive. It has an interesting storyline and fun gameplay. The weapons are interesting and fun to use. I felt connected to the characters and even shed a tear at the ending. Go get Starbound."
,Not Recommended,238240,26357283,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Spacegirl Roxy,"It's a mess, nothing more nothing less."
76561198006574196,Recommended,238240,14645106,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Jinkaru,"Edge of Space pits you against the environment as you progress downward as opposed to side by side.   You gradualy start to encounter bigger badder challanges that not only require you to be well prepaired equiptment wise, but it also requires you to bring more advanced tools.The versatility in Edge of Space's tools seperates it from alot of other sandbox games because you can choose to have a longer, less powerful range, or a shorter more powerful version of your tools.   This gives you options to work with.The armor sets also differnt from other games in the aspect that they are not necissarly combat focused.   Instead of Ranger, Mage, Melee, you get  Builder, Explorer, Fighter.  Each armor catering to a particular task rather then a weapon role.  All items are created from crafting data of a specific sub catagory in crafting, so you can specialize and focus on one area at a time rather then pooling all of your science (aka accumulative xp pool ) into everything at once.Edge of Space also offers a challange factor with it's dungeons.  It disables things like jet packs and grappling hooks and building so that you can not cheese the boses for easy wins.This should give you an idea of how the game plays out and how it differs from other games of it's kind.*Feb 25, 2015*Development Stage: Early AccessEarly Access Compitence Rateing:  9/10  -  Things were bumpy at first for what ever reasons, but things turned around quickly.   The developers never gave up despite the road bumps and updates are comeing in frequantly.   Edge of Space is a very good example of Early Access done right.Exploration:  9/10 -  The environment can be dangerous, there's danger around every corner and you need to prepair accordingly.    There are events and outposts that keep you busy and though it is currently in an infant state of things, I can see how the world will gradualy become more and more full as time advances.Crafting: 8/10 -  Crafting is based on xp and tends to get a bit grindy, but it's quite rewarding once you unlock new things.Game Controls:   8/10  -  Some obvious bugs are still around, but it will not hinder the game experince too much.   Jetpacks can also go wildly out of control and some of the grapple mechanics can send your character bouncing about.Game Play: 8/10  -  I suspect the game will greatly improve with time, but at the moment there is a limited amount of content to keep you busy, so the game becomes a bit grindy.   Again, I suspect this will change greatly in the near future.Music:  9/10  -  The music is very fitting for the game and quite immersive.Graphics: 8/10 -  It's gritty and retro, but also very fitting for the game style.  Some of the texture look weird, but it's a fair representation of what it is conveying.Newbie Friendly:  7/10 - Newbies will catch on eventualy, but the learning curve is a bit harsh.  But in a good way.   It is suggested to have some platformer experince before attempting Edge of Space.  Newer generation gamers may have trouble where as older generation gamers will have little trouble with landing platforms and timeing jumps.Community and Moderators: 9/10 -  Very few fights, healthy interactions.   Strong communication, very good staff members.  Moderation is fair and efficent and well handled.Developers:  10/10 -  Very approachable developers, they are always happy to answer questions.   They have sense of humor and are reasonable people.   Very good company to invest your faith and funds into.TL:DR Version:Is it worth it:  YES!"
,Recommended,238240,18128597,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Schmucky1,"Brand, brand new!! Got this game shortly after watching a stream on twitch with the devs.  I liked the look of it on the demo stream and definitely loved playing it in early access.  Since it's full release, I've put in about 12 hours on the game and am loving it!  I like the crafting system, the machanics, and the dry humor of the NPCs. The music is excellent also.  I definitely recommend adding this game to your collection."
76561198037517504,Recommended,238240,13069758,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Red Duke,I've invested in one or two early access games but what I like about Edge Of Space is the fact that they frequently update the game. To me that's a plus and the Devs seem to be dedicated and involved. Alot of people may be unhappy because they want the full game immediately but I find the pace is good so far. From the little time I've spent on it the game has a great deal of potential to find its own niche among titles like Terraria or Starbound.
76561198038181603,Recommended,238240,18085399,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,TrilliumSG,"I've had my eye on this game for awhile now, and now with the release, the patch, and the sale, decided to go for it. I'm not disappointed! I love these little survival games, my favorite genre, and so far Edge of Space seems to have enough unique aspects to set it apart, and I've barely scratched the surface. So far, for me( knock on wood), no bugs and no crashes and game looks and runs great. Developer seems to be actively addressing issues that comes up which is always good.  If you love the genre, I totally recommend it!"
76561198094070601,Recommended,238240,18123772,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,CameleonZZZ,"This game has come a long way since when it started in Early Access.  It is now the first 1.0 'Official Release'as of last week.  I'm a thumbs up but if you read my full review you'll see below what can be impoved on as well.I've stuck with this game and I still enjoy it.  It is a crafting, exploring game in 2D... but it's in space!  And if you like space games that are open world and exploritory, I think you'll find this one not to like.  The are lots of materials to search for, interesting knowledge tree to work towards for crafting new gadgets and gizmos, and plenty of creepy monsters and weird vegetation to learn about.  So if you like figuring out the unknown, you'll like this.  It's kinda like Terraria, Metroid, and Star Trek blended together, with a dash of Avatar but something kinda unique too.The Edge of Space development team says they will keep improving this game post release and I hope they do.3 things which need some immediate attention by the development team include:-  The game engine processes data and movement too slowly compared to other games in this genre.  The result is that movement is slow and battle can be clunky for game play.  I don't think this is my processors' or video card's fault as I play similiar games with even better graphics and gameplay, without so much latency.  Maybe the coding could be tighter / more real time.  Seems like a lot of processor overhead going on.- The opening movie is pretty untelling still.  It's better now that it's 1.0 but this is supposed to be the intro to the adventure.  The user doesn't get a good sense of what the background story is and where they fit in.  And what's with the other 3 organizations with different symbols?  Are they competitors or allies?  Are they the Ark Corp council?  Are they the ones who blew up our ship or was it an alien war?  It's hard to tell and it shouldn't be.-  The addition of Fineous the Shark has helped teach new players (and older ones) what the controls and game mechanics are.  It could be a little more obvious though.  Probably the best way is to make sure the Codex has more content and the user knows right away that this is their one stop shop for learning about their new world, and how and what an agent of Ark Corp is supposed to do and try to acheive.  Some more work on the goals of the game are needed.  The Codex should be like our 'Hitchhikers Guild to the Galaxy'; everything you need to know when you thunk on a new planet in a Cryopod without any friends or contact with where you blasted off from, after a long cryo-frozen nap. I like the sense of humour though so far; keep that going.That's my thoughts on this game so far.  I recommend, as long as you don't expect perfection just yet but I think it's worth supporting and playing.  It's fun and interesting to explore.This Review was written Sept. 20, 2015."
76561198126048384,Not Recommended,238240,26327630,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,MightyLoaf,"Hard to understand, multiplayer broken, abandon game otherwise sure."
76561198061729712,Not Recommended,238240,25860668,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Carcharoth68,"My question is how is this game still being sold when it is DEAD? At the least Steam should tag is someway so people are not dumping money into it. This and StarForge is why I am done buying early access, you think you are helping them make a better game but it is a scam to get the game to full release with minimal features then run. Starbound I bought when it came to full release and I can say that is a viable alternative to this."
76561198093260511,Not Recommended,238240,25459691,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Keibal,"I playied the beta, I waited untill it got better. I played the horrorible 1.0 release that was still 60% complete (full of glitches, wrong item icons, wrong stats). I kept waiting to write the review, waiting for the updates that would give me a complete game and they never came. The game feels like grinding, boring endless repetitive grinding, the new materials feel like the old ones, the enemies are overwhelming some times and some times totally boring but the MOST irritating thing: It is FUKKING SLOW. I don't have a top of line computer, but it runs Fallout 4 on low graphics and fallout 3 on full. And it can NOT run this ♥♥♥♥ing game in a decent framerate. THIS IS A SIMPLES 2D GAME! It is absurd how lagged, with poor framerate the game feels. It does not make any sense. This and all the other critics you can freely read in the page. Would neve recomend. Go play terraria or starbound."
76561198038293804,Not Recommended,238240,26715151,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Overlord9K,"I had hoped that this game would have been finished but it has become very clear that the devs have abandoned this and have left more than a few people let down, alot of bugs in this game that needed to be sorted out but were never done and it feels like there was more to come but they never got to it.Best to stick with either starbound or terraria since both are still being worked on and have not been abandoned."
,Recommended,238240,15057106,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,undisputedloser,"Normally I don't do early access reviews. Partly because early access is really about development, not playing (and reviewing) a finished product. Partly because everything is in too much flux for the review to be valid for long.Mostly because I'm too lazy to write reviews for finished games, let alone one still in alpha/beta.But I'll make an exception here, because even in it's current incomplete state, it is already one of my favorite games. It's also a fine example of what early access should be: An engaged development team that listens to feedback, works with the community, and simply wants to deliver a great experience to the people who buy their product.From an investment standpoint (which is how early access should be approached IMHO), this is exactly the type of product I'd want to back. The fact they're making a game I want to play makes it even better."
76561198025094991,Not Recommended,238240,26055433,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Nezu,Not good.
,Recommended,238240,11171528,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Draeth,"For those of you that are worried about buying this game while it is in early access, you have nothing to fear. The developers update this game VERY often, and most of the time they are ahead of schedule. I bought this during the steam summer sale and have already seen several updates roll out, fixing issues, adding content, etc. Without a doubt the most updated early access game I've ever bought.As far as the game play, picture Terraria, but way more complex, futuristic and just full of pure awesomeness. I play with several of my friends and we all have a blast with this. I wholeheartedly recommend this!"
,Recommended,238240,3445363,"Posted: 3 August, 2013",all,weemcast,"I wasn't sure how much I would enjoy Edge of Space but decided to give it a go... it turned out to be a very fun game, especially at such an early stage. Watch my initial play of it here:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OIO7LQR3uTI"
,Not Recommended,238240,22403841,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,The Holy Sword Excalibur,"I feel it has the potential to be a great game, however it needs to be severely optimized before I can recommend it."
,Not Recommended,238240,28641165,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,breadstick lord,"Animations looks bad, game is never patched. Not fun.no"
,Recommended,238240,517371,"Posted: 28 July, 2013",all,apoisonedgift,Fun game in it's early stages... kinda like Terraria in space!
,Recommended,238240,10925236,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Stine,This is a great game for anyone looking for a good sandbox/crafting game. I love that some of Terraria is put into this game.
,Recommended,238240,10925597,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,xphilx00,"Even though i've only played 92 minutes, and its an EAG. I am already in love with this game"
76561198026607622,Recommended,238240,10931347,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Meowzilla@_@,"Need better multi player searching system. More challenges,maybe better with leveling characters systems . More world to explore. More boss wave . A looking good game but still need to do lot of things. And hey is still beta XD ,as v.0.16xx now ."
76561198096416307,Not Recommended,238240,31012845,Posted: 8 April,all,xqzzD,ABANDONED FOR ALMOUST A YEAR NOW!!Shame such a shame.
,Not Recommended,238240,34982139,Posted: 15 September,all,CaMelon,It's kinda confusing to begin with. Very boring searching for one item for an hour. And yeah overall its just MEH. They haven't updated the game in ages and they have pretty much just given up on it.
,Recommended,238240,11078783,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,RapidCinnamon,"Wow just wow, this game is amazing im so glad i bought the special edition, can't wait for the full game to come out, it has so much potential9/10"
,Recommended,238240,9405172,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,lil Joshu,"It's like terraria, but better. At the time of writing this, however, it's still in Early Access, and it feels like more content is needed. and some of the early needed materials are rather hard to find. However, has a lot of potential, and looks like it's steadily reaching that potential."
76561198037642186,Recommended,238240,4468779,"Posted: 30 June, 2013",all,Jessica Rushie,"(As of 26 July 2014)At the moment i still recomend this game... however i just started a new game and i quit after about 10  or so because i was so so so bored.The start of the game is so borring, you cant do anything execpt what the stupid tutorial wants you  to do and it takes the 'Urine' to a massive extreme. it asumes that everyone who playes this game is a total idiot reject from the dunce factory. i mean you cant even open a doorI wont be playing this game anytime soon, unless this stupid tutorial is skippable or i can MOD it out.For a game that's supposed to be a sandbox, it is very linear."
,Recommended,238240,9407364,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Malnourished,"At the moment i can honestly say im enjoying it, i mean the crafting is a little confusing but you get used to it. For me it was just finding what i needed was the most difficult because there was no insight on how to find the stuff and still a little buggy but its in beta what do you expect ;p"
,Recommended,238240,9414961,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Lucario17,Fun Game to play eventhough its hard to understand how to play with strange controls but fun nonetheless. Its like a cross between Terreria and Starbound.I give it a 4/5
,Not Recommended,238240,26478537,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Ten Leopard - WILDCASE.COM,Too many things wrong with this thing
,Recommended,238240,11150649,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,FreezingPenguin,"Edge of Space is fun Terraria like game in which you start with basics and build your way up. Unlike other early acess games like this such as Starbound, the game feels like it is complete, even though it is still in early acess. It constantly is getting updates and it is obvious the developers are working hard on this game to get it completed. At first the game seems tough until you start to gain upgrades and level your base up. I am satisfied with the current state of this game and am looking forward for what the developers have in store for us in the future."
76561198053728146,Recommended,238240,11249307,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Spastic,"If you're a fan of Terraria or starbound you may find this early access game to be enjoyable. While it is unfinished, it has all the basic neccessities. While it lacks content (common for early access), it has potential to be a side-scrolling, sandbox heavywieght. Although, at its current state it has a more relaxed feel. While there are enemies, They are fairly non-threatening.  Keep an eye on this one."
,Not Recommended,238240,7818830,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,moinoviimir,"Edge of Space should get some kind of 'worst UI / user experience' award -- I found the interface very poorly thought through and unresponsive, downright unusable; combat -- the main part of the game, as it seems -- felt unresponsive aswell, with bullets sometimes jumping through mobs without dealing damage. Crafting was poor, aswell.I honestly tried to get myself to like it so I could play it until Starbound arrives, but failed.Dont get this."
76561198028297530,Recommended,238240,10920884,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,ChemicalKnightGod,"I really enjoy, smoth graphics and nice gameplay"
,Recommended,238240,10067258,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,PapaGrumbles,"Edge of Space (EoS)10/10 for hardest ‘sandbox’ genre game yet. EoS is an exciting follow-up to Terraria.A true bargain for the struggling post-college graduate with a tight budget :D The shear $/gaming-hr ratio has true potential.Be warned, this game is still in Beta; so expect to find glitches."
76561197995768046,Recommended,238240,17930965,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Deathbringer,"Wandering around thinking what can i do. Going trough my ""waiting list"" i stumbled on EoS. At first i was not intrested when i saw it was 2D, looking old and something of the late 90's?Don't be fooled by it's ""first glance"" appearance, this game has a lot of gameplay and good times to offer!If you like space-adventure-survival you should buy it ( its only 13euros atm).Don't let the graphics fool you, after a while you love it, you will see it's pretty on it's own very unique way.Gameplay 8,5/10 -> its early access and the bugs it is having are annoying-> get past that and you will enjoy itGraphics    ?? /10 -> you can't compare these with mainstream 2015 games -> it is an other leaugue of graphicsPrice          10 /10 -> Early acces price is very acceptableOveral result: Just buy it already :-)"
,Not Recommended,238240,22153042,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,EvilSpaniard,"I have over 600 games in my Steam account, and the vast majority of them are still unplayed. So now I'm dedicating an hour to each of these games and writing a series of One Hour Reviews. An hour isn't very long to judge a game on, so think of this as more of a first impression, and take this review in the spirit in which it's given. Be sure to read other reviews from players who have spent more time in the game.One Hour Reviews #54 - Edge of SpaceYou'll get an immediate sense of the quirky writing in Edge of Space as you start by having a conversation with a talking shark.  There isn't that much of a story to tell, just that your spaceship crashed and now you are stranded on a planet.  The writing is definitely tongue-in-cheek.I liked how the game began, and appreciated that it wasn't too difficult to begin with.  Although I do wish they had explained some things a little better.  The game includes a ""tutorial video"" that I felt was kind of a shortcut, as opposed to just better integrating a tutorial into the game.  Still, the first set of quests you get involve gathering various components to then craft into items, which is a pretty major part of the gameplay.I wish the controls were better.  I found mining to be frustrating at times.  You use a mining pick that you aim with your mouse.  But the aim is weird at times.  I kept wanting to just point my mouse cursor at a block to mine.  But the aim is actually based on the position of your cursor relative to a point on your body in order to determine direction.  This means sometimes, even when your mouse cursor is on a block, the aim is actually causing the laser to hit a different block.  It's a minor annoyance but mining is such a major part of the gameplay that it definitely adds up.If you've played Terraria, then you'll pretty much know exactly what to expect here.  It's pretty hard not to consider this game a knock off.  There are some minor differences with crafting, like the way you can use different items to fill a recipe.  But as a whole the gameplay feels extremely familiar.   I don't hold it against Edge of Space for being a knock off, but when you're borrowing from another game, you should at least make some notable improvements.  And it really doesn't feel that way.  And when you add the fact that Terraria is cheaper ($14.99 vs. $9.99 regular prices), I really can't recommend this game unless you've just played Terraria to death and want to scratch that itch with a different game."
,Recommended,238240,9483721,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,ConcordApe,"Very enjoyable game. Hard at first, especially to get used to but very fun. Never figured out how to get multiplayer though."
76561198031829356,Recommended,238240,13708048,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Reaper,"Pretty cool game, little more confusing than Starbound when I get into it for the first time but I feel like the more confusing a game is the more fun it will be later on depending on the game type. It is more similar to Starbound than it it to Terraria if anything, I didn't get too far into the game so I can't say if it is much like Terraria at all."
,Recommended,238240,10920365,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,[PDA] Rofudox,"This game feels very great from the beginning. Alot of stuf to dig into and a hugh world to explore. I would have to say that i find it abit annoying how poorly things are explained after the beginning. I had about 4 hours of gameplay untill i gave up on learning stuf, so that will have to be worked on in the furture.Beside that i found it very fun and looking forward to the next patches!"
,Recommended,238240,11743794,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,|PFS|cmpuck347,omg just get this game what are you doing looking at the review it so fun even though its no close for being finsh it so fun in many levels cooler pepole cool ideas dont even read the reviews this is what you should buy even better then star bound the thing i think they should do it make joining lobby easyer. SO WTF YOU STILL DOING HERE BUY THE GAME NOW!
76561198137386696,Recommended,238240,11524818,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,dmogre11,"I like the Terraria feel and control of this game,  some of the tools could use revamping like the basi drill/pick however the over all game play is fun and engaging."
,Not Recommended,238240,29659747,Posted: 2 February,all,Ocean man,ever get that thing where you buy a game but its not the game you thought i bought this thinking its starbound it gave me a good 20ish hours of play time  before i got bored and played terraria also it dosent work on one of my computers it crashes every time you click  P.S. i never ended up getting starbound thanks
,Recommended,238240,11284812,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Screwbacca,"It's the love child of Terraria and Contra. If you dig the suvival crafting genre you owe it to yourself to try this game out. It's by no means perfect with its occasional bugs and hiccups; but if you can get past its flaws it's a wonderful experience.Edge of Space has a killer soundtrack (reminiscent of Mass Effect), it has RPG elements in it that make it unique in the genre, and it's only gonna improve more.So, as it stands, I'd give the game a 6.7 out of 10. Not because it's bad, but because it's more of a sugar rush experience due to the game not having all of its intended content."
,Recommended,238240,10948224,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,LeafRebel,i love it.The tutoriel is complicated.Terraria is better but cut Edge of Space some slak.  It is only in early realese. I rate it a 8/10 or 80/100
76561198079874722,Recommended,238240,11797903,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Forgot 2 Remember,"While I do not reccomend getting this game at this particular moment, I do reccommend the game for near future. I came over from Terraria, expecting a similar game, but Edge of Space isn't another Terraria. While some core features remain the same, the game styles are very different. I am very fond of the developing team, and I think they're amazing so far. Their updates go as scheduled, and if there's a bug or a problem, they address the issue right away.I have really high hopes for this game, and I believe it has a lot of potential. I really look forward to seeing this game out of early access."
,Not Recommended,238240,26522681,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Esdeath Prometheus,One of the Worse Decision i hav made is to support this game
,Recommended,238240,9495594,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Krimzen,"Good game so far, definitely has potential, but has a long way to go.The textures are ugly, the animations are a little poor, the jumping and jetpack system is really weird, and it'sHARD!But it is definitely coming along well, it's not very feature rich and I am finding myself bored with it after 2 hours, but I'm sure that the future updates will add more to the game to make it rich and much more fun, and that is why I am recommending it!Faith in you developers!"
76561198096108260,Not Recommended,238240,34514068,Posted: 26 August,all,DeathGamerGod,Trash
,Not Recommended,238240,22465721,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,alenfishman,"well ive spent about 20 hours on this game and i can say that at this point the game is just not worth playing anymore.Exploring: its pretty standard, you go out find monsteres and stuff and you need to kill them to get their materials. most are nutral, some aren't. they have little zones with events like ""kill the zombies"", ""kill the crabs, ""Save an NPC"" which are fun but super short, like done in 1 min and thats it""Building: building is pretty similar to other games of its like. you dont need as many as other games from what i can tell.getting new building recipes is pretty unique. you get XP for everything you do, and you trade in that xp for new teirs of items.Fighting: the fighting was pretty standard, thir weapons and teir systems are so annoying that finding the right weapons was just a chore. it doesn't say what the possible damage of the weapons are you just have to build them and hope it was worth the materials.mining: its pretty standared, nothing special. im sure it might get better later on, but ill never find out. but within the first few levels of you mining laser, it was pretty standard.Organization: their teir system wasn't done well AT ALL. i only got about half way through it and i found myself getting frustrated when trying to find stuff. like they have mark1weapons and forward, and if you need a mark1weapon you can't just search ""mark1weapon, you need to click on each weapon and see what kind it is, got really annoying. there are some items that are broken in this game that you can't get, but im sure they will fix it in the future but for now it makes it impossible to get any of those items.Dungeons: these just suck... like hard, they tried to make them a cool platform area, but they aren't they just suck and are annoying as all hell, and when you die you have to start from the beginning and fight your way back to where you were at. and if you wanted to get all the material you need from these dungeons you have to spend hours and hours in them. its just not fun. then there is another dungeon where its a boss one and its ♥♥♥♥ing impossible, i barely did any damage and died almost imediatly, and icouldn't build anything else untill i got those materials from thsi dungeon.(there might have been stuff that i could have built but there was no ♥♥♥♥nig way to figure out what i needed to maybe beat him, the organizaion of items in this game are ♥♥♥♥ing BAD. there might have been items to help me, but damned if i could find them.)all in all this game still has a long way to go and if you don't mind dealing with a game that has alot of work ahead of it, then have fun, but i for one stopped having funa round the 10hour mark and was just hoping it would get less frustrating, and it didn't 20 hours in and im done, im just interested in anything else this game has to offer, it seems like the further i go the more problems there are. they need to stop adding things to this game and fix the problems at hand."
76561198044402912,Recommended,238240,9906920,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,Stephen Paddock,"PROS: loads more content then Terraria and its only in BETA! Sci Fi (its a pro for me since I enjoy that genre) tutorial, has a storyline.CONS: Very difficult and grindy for solo players but as you get better tools and equipment its much easier. Very fun playing with friends (If you even have any) UI is all over the place IMO but I have faith that will be fixed very soon :)Verdict: If you LOVED terraria this is a must buy...WARNING: Its in beta, watch you-tube videos if you are on the fence.Other then that happy buying :)"
,Not Recommended,238240,24303323,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,bunnygum,i bought this game 2 years ago soon after release in early acess.  i stopped playing for about a year and was glad to still see it being updated.  i left again for about another year and noticed ut hadent been updated for like 5 months so i just ignored it and went back to playing ARK.  its been i belive 5-7 months since the last update and im still upset to see that this ame has died off with a lame excuse by the creators.  maby some day it may come back but i dought it.
,Recommended,238240,11250655,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Doctor Boozehound,"37 Minutes into the game and I was already entranced by the atmosphere, and the content. For an early access this is an impressive piece of work. Don't get me wrong I love Starbound, but waiting for more content to be added is a pain. This is like the best parts of starbound and terraria mixed in with touches of original content for good measure. It even impressed the guy who made Terraria. Its on sale for 5.00 right now, you wont be sorry. Please over look the spelling mistakes ""Basc"" instead of ""Basic"" I am sure they will proofread and fix them later."
76561198136947049,Not Recommended,238240,29736825,Posted: 5 February,all,ZoomS n' swoopS,got stuck on the tutorial maybe that is just me but bad game design is a thing i hate i want my money back
,Not Recommended,238240,22269926,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,ActionPoohole,"This is less of a review and more of a warning because the game is broken and unfinished. If you can deal with game breaking bugs for multiplayer and game hindering bugs in single player then by all means purchase this to get a taste of what a great game it could have been if it was finished.I was a part of the Early Access players that enjoyed Lady Ajew (or whatever her name was) performing damage control for erroneous coding (not to be confused with erogenous) and a poorly timed ""Full Release"" which was thrown upon us a proclamation that it was neccessary to release it as full to iron out all the bugs; of which there were countless! (I'm sure the Early Access period was the time to do this, but as Lady Ajew the damage controller stated; it was the perfect time for a Full Release!?)I feel that if you buy this title you'll yearn for updates to address issues with mountains of bugs, misinforming dialogue and higilty pigilty coding of both the game and the GUI.This game could have been fun but is just far too busted to be fully enjoyed; it's just unfinished and broken.If you try this game and want it to be complete it may hurt your soul, even if just that tiny little bit."
76561197981698816,Recommended,238240,13537551,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Lazyface,"A wonderful, albeit incomplete as of yet, Terraria-inspired space game. Get your 2D digging and surviving fix here. The developers are great about staying on task and keeping this game's creation in progress."
,Recommended,238240,13755541,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,"Bob Vance, Vance Refrigeration","Definetly recommended to get, it's still a bit unstable, I can see that, but the game has a lot of potential, and a couple of minutes can make you more endorsed and stuck in with the game and try to figure out what to do next, and what the mechcanics are and how it works."
76561197970505214,Not Recommended,238240,27673025,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Pontiac Jones,"One of the few early access I bought into.  The game had potential, but the developers abandoned it after launching it broken.  Don't waste your time or money."
,Recommended,238240,18126677,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Slippery Kitten,"Surprisingly a very well done game! Though a few things make it a lil rough, some of the enemy AI and how things are a bit ""edgy"" take a small bit away from the gameplay and overall aesthetics. But that being said, it is a very fun game and it's great to pass time!7/10 Enjoyable game"
76561198119014105,Recommended,238240,10953869,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,tygy702,It like Terraria but with space WHOA!! Its a pretty fun game.
,Recommended,238240,10916445,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,50 Shades Of Green,Its fun. Its like terraria but on a more formal and difficult format. Much more strategy.10/10 would bang
,Recommended,238240,11003547,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Hardcase,This is a very enjoyable game and at a good price why not get it?
,Recommended,238240,11060591,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,DharmaBum,Awesome game even in beta
,Recommended,238240,10083919,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Comrade Zephyr- Thonking,they fixed all my problems now its really fun but still dont get untill out of beta
,Recommended,238240,10862804,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Hammerheart,It's great why so many negative reviews?!
76561198017078504,Recommended,238240,10912247,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,creeperCarole,"Fun and engaging, frequent updates. Get in on the beta and help shape the direction of the game!"
,Recommended,238240,10914903,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Charles Stiles,I really like this game it has a very intresting consept and dont for get those space sharks!
,Not Recommended,238240,29678776,Posted: 3 February,all,Roark Tenjouin,"I've had this game in my library for a while.  I bought it back when I was looking for a Terraria-esque game, and either Starbound wasn't out yet, or I hadn't discovered it.It seemed VERY promising at first.  So, I decided to put it on hold and come back once a few updates had been released for it.  Unfortunately, by the time I did come back...the developers had pretty much abandoned the game.Now, that's not the only problem - the other problem is that you gather resources too slowly; now, you could make that argument about Terraria or Starbound, but there's a difference: in those game, it's it was slow at first because you needed to update your tools; and over time, you upgraded your tools, reducing the time it takes to gather resources.  Not to mention that they gave you other stuff to do in the meantime, like quests, boss battles, or exploring dungeons.  Here, it's because the things you need to upgrade are too hard to find.  It takes WAY too long to make something like a house - in Terraria, you can have a simple house up by nightfall; in Starbound, it's a bit longer if you decide to build a base on a planet instead of your ship, but it's still completable in a reasonable amount of time; in this game? ...You'll be lucky if you're even done with a quarter of the house by that time.Even then, the other problem is that...well, once you get past the tutorial, it's empty.  There's nothing obvious for you to do.  This is because of the lack of an NPC to give you hints like in Terraria or a quest system like in Stardew Valley.  At that point, it feels like a 2D Version of No Man's Sky, minus the ability to go to other planets (to be fair though, at least this game doesn't cost nearly as much as NMS).It's a pity that this game is now abandonware, since it does have some good ideas - I like the power system idea, since it makes you plan out your base; also, the research system is a good idea in theory (although in execution, it fails).If the developers ever decide to pick this game back up and start updating it again, I might give it a second shot, but at the moment, I cannot recommend this game.If you're contemplating buying this game, I would suggest passing on it and instead picking up Terraria, which does the idea of a 2d Sandbox game a lot better (not to mention it's cheaper); but if the sci-fi element is a must for you, go for Starbound instead, since while the worlds in that game aren't as big as the worlds in this game, the rest of the content more than makes up for that."
76561198065612574,Not Recommended,238240,34130701,Posted: 9 August,all,jaquierkhader,I was expecting Terraria with sci-fi elements but the game was very uninspiring and lackluster.
,Not Recommended,238240,24626189,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Ewolly,"Bought this game a year or to back expecting it to be terraria in space. well thats a joke. Not only that the games abandon and worthless. The topper? on the store page they have a ""special edition"" worth almost double the base game price. WHat content would this special edition hold you wonder? lets see the base game and nothing else. RIP if you payed double the price for the base game."
,Not Recommended,238240,29299453,Posted: 16 January,all,Rumor,Doesn't work for me. stops dling cant even play it again.
76561198156369383,Not Recommended,238240,32975479,Posted: 28 June,all,Four-Leaf,"This game had potential, and a lot of it, intuitive crafting and some other things, but like many others said, the Devs abandoned it. Sadly this game was abandoned and left to rot, which it has. If you want a cool space exploration game that hasn't been abandoned, look for Starbound, it's a great game with frequent updates."
,Recommended,238240,11624198,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Stone,"Tutorial levels have apparently reached 30 minutes long. I heard this game is like terraria but space so that sounds pretty alright, maybe someday I'll get to see."
,Not Recommended,238240,22328249,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,☠WhiteBeard⚜BlackWolf☠,"The concept is good but the game itself is bad or I should say, there's not enough content and there's many flaws, the random generated levels system is weak, each time I'm creating a new World, it feels like the same previous World, again and again.There's few weapons, few armors, few creatures, few of absolutely everything you can name.There's just not enough content.I would not suggest you to buy this game especially since the developer has probably left it to rot.You should get Terraria, Crea, Signs of Life or even Starbound if you don't have already have those/one of those but stay away from this one, It is not worth it, It wouldn't even be worth 3$ Believe me.And even if it goes on sale for 1$ Do not buy it, do not give that guy money he doesn't deserve.3/10 The concept is good but the content is too weak and there are many flaws, not worth it."
76561198034379048,Not Recommended,238240,22261739,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Soxxox Smox,"I played this game for a bit solo, got a few hours in, and then wanted to play multiplayer with a friend. So I created a new character with the same name as my old one and without so much as an ""Are you sure you want to do that?"" my old character was instantly wiped from existence.Then I found out that you have a different set of characters for single and multiplayer, so I couldn't even use the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ that had ruthlessly murdered his predecessor.Not a great first impression.Extremely buggy, crashes often, lots of multiplayer glitches and gaffs, progression is very grindy. Artwork is kind of ugly, crafting receipes don't make sense (craft guns and high-tech looking workbenches out of dirt, mud, clay, and stone?) Inventory management is awkward as hell, controls are awful (Tab is both reload and switch between layers, but isn't mentioned in tutorial? Background bricks can't be mind unless they're borders, but ore generates in the bckground, ensuring that you'll always leave some behind? Double-press X to pick up furniture?)Overall, a prime example of a game that SHOULDN'T BE AVAILABLE YET. This is exactly what's wrong with early access.Maybe one day it will be good. Right now, your $15 would be much better spent on Terraria or Starbound."
76561198138148345,Not Recommended,238240,24957776,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Koyfefo,"Okay so this game is a 2D sandbox game that basically tried to rip off terraria or starbound... the game is litterally a mess I am supprised a youtuber I watched even told his viewers to check it out, when you load into the game you spawn at this point and the game throws a crappy instruction manual in your face with a video that only explains half of the controls. I feel like half way through making this game all the devs where just like ""I'm gonna go take a really long coffee break."" and just left the game half way completed, in the end this game is a sad excuse for a game at all... when I started my world I jumped off one of my plantes to check out more, there was a zombie nest but there was no possible way for me to kill the zombies the game told me nothing of how to get farther, basically if you want to get any where in this game you have to look it up! I can't believe this ""game"" costs more that a dollar if you are considering buying it... Don't!!"
76561198082653720,Not Recommended,238240,26376558,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,NoMAD,Shame it was a promissing game...
76561198045377348,Not Recommended,238240,32905934,Posted: 27 June,all,Jhonis,A interesting game that didn't live up to its potental...
,Not Recommended,238240,12290872,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Stepdan,"I have played over 200 hours of terraria.so i know what i'm doing in these kind of games.-----------------I hope that the game is still under development, it could become great.Right now the start of the game feels very slow and repetitive. I have been playing for 4 hours now and i do not have the feeling that i accomplished something.EDIT:24-4-2015The game has been improved, it feels a lot more playable in terms of actually being fun. The start of the game is much faster now, thanks to the fact you can collect ores much quicker both through mining and killing certain creatures. The inventory system has been slightly improved, you can actually make multiple items at once now! Progress has been made and its getting better! Keep it up!"
,Not Recommended,238240,32601683,Posted: 20 June,all,DimiTeatreeTheAnimalist,"Unfortunately, the game is unfinished and has been abandoned (as of now).It had potential... =/"
76561198039478533,Not Recommended,238240,22622430,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Drog,"Bought on impulse, had a dabble during beta, but it was VERY unpolished (no surprises, that is what beta is).But now with v1.0+ it just won't load. It seems to be either very poorly optimised (loading forever) or bugged and broken.Reinstalling doesn't help. And checking the forums it is apparent that the developers are antagonistic to their own community.Stick with Terraria...."
,Not Recommended,238240,26744846,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,darkblade2million,devs gave up. dont buy it.
76561197978687461,Recommended,238240,18140299,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Cats,"Prety fun so far.  I was hesitant due to some of the mixed reviews but after watching a few let's play videos and reading some comments, I decided to pull the trigger.  It's odd...It has flying sharks with lasers.  But it's enjoyable."
76561198118766551,Not Recommended,238240,31089042,Posted: 11 April,all,TheDoctorScholl,"One of the worst attempts at a cash grab. Don't buy it. Don't do it. I see you thinking about it still. Your thinking, ""It can't be that bad, can it?"" ""Surely Steam used its quality control to weed out junk like this?""It's cute you still have your innocence."
76561198122994450,Not Recommended,238240,22601639,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Gatlingale,"I bought this game a long time ago and didn't care for it then, it's a been a year and nothing has changed."
,Not Recommended,238240,31576481,Posted: 6 May,all,blutig,Was fun while it lasted.Abandoned game and never got finished.Just skip it.
,Not Recommended,238240,10913060,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Fettklomp,"UI needs a massive overhaul, its clunky, unresponsive and in general just a pain to use. Saying it now since its early access and there is still time to fix it."
,Recommended,238240,13275683,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Shardok,"So, while playing this game for the first time I noticed a few things that I disliked, despite the game being great overall. Minor things like mining taking a long time, the toolbar not being easy to change around, and the escape button not closing my windows. I commented on these things to my roommate. Today they were all fixed in the latest patch. Either these guys are psychics or they are wiretapping my house. Either way, great job!"
,Not Recommended,238240,30211633,Posted: 26 February,all,◈TigreDeMarijuana︻デ┳═,Don't waste you time with this game.
,Not Recommended,238240,15719452,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Badittude,"Too confusing.  Some potential but without some serious guides, this game is just too frustrating."
,Recommended,238240,13094069,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,C-Dog,"This game is amazing, a little buggy but overall i would give it 8/10"
76561197970128471,Recommended,238240,18390938,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Sevens,"The released non early access version of the game is a lot of fun.  They have improved the UI, and got rid of the broke tutorial.  The game feels very feature complete with tons of things to build, research, and find.  If you like Terraria and were disappointed in Starbound, then you very well may like this game."
76561198055363070,Not Recommended,238240,12262357,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,CecilLeo,This game has the potential to be the next Terraria. But I've waited for over a year since I bought it and it is still far from finished:/
76561197971877238,Not Recommended,238240,32521647,Posted: 17 June,all,Wild9,"The last thing we heard from the Devs was on Apr 29, 2016, stating ""we haven't abandoned you!"" Well it's all BS and it would be fantastic if Steam would remove this crap from the store."
76561197960302014,Not Recommended,238240,22287398,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,underd0g,Abandonware...
,Not Recommended,238240,22977055,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,DieForSly,"Abandoned game, do not buy. Buy Starbound instead."
,Recommended,238240,5343081,"Posted: 23 August, 2013",all,Luggy (spooks),also made by sega
,Recommended,238240,10966909,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,SugarFree,"I can only imagine immense amounts of fun to be had. Its Terraria and Metroid, I cant find a flaw in that logic, cant wait to see post Beta"
,Recommended,238240,10506433,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,molokaicreeper,"Let's start by saying I've been playing this game since it first came out on Steam.  I also voted (before that) to have it ""greenlit""...  Greenlighting a game in Steam means that out of several recommendations that Steam gives you for upcoming games they'd be willing to add to their service, you chose the ones you like best.  Not all games actually make it!It didn't take much to impress me, this game had it all.  That's not to say it needs to improve highly, but the devs once promised there is a lot of updating planned for it. I really love this game so far, it has major potential.Having played Terraria for some time, I knew this game would be a great addition to my Steam library.  It has a long way to go, even after it was released to the public, there is a lot of content that needs to be added, and lots of bugs that need squishing.  Nevertheless, I am looking forward to see that happen.Still the best ""Terraria In Space"" anyone could find!"
,Recommended,238240,11419762,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,partialPeanut,"Even though the game is very hard at first, Edge of Space is an amazing game once you figure out the mechanics."
76561198016869231,Recommended,238240,11385111,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,hillbillydelux5,This is a fun change from Terraria. Offering Sci-fi feel instead of fantasy. If you like the 2D games this is definitely for you.
76561198009950304,Recommended,238240,11298416,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,ToeFoo,Confusing for a while but then you get the hang of it. Can't wait to see the end result.
,Recommended,238240,11760631,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,ChuckoMay,"Seemed like a good game... that one time long ago when it used to launch.  It doesn't open now.^^^ABOVE^^^ That was my old post.  With the new update released, the game launches everytime now.   Game seems pretty damn awesome now.  I wish there was an in game server list so people could join your game easily or you can join other's easily... but other than that, game is fun."
76561198052787644,Not Recommended,238240,32311760,Posted: 10 June,all,yipes,I don't get why developers who apparently go out of business and abandon half-finished games still get to continue selling those games.
,Not Recommended,238240,30738121,Posted: 25 March,all,Zian,"Gameworld consists of giant floating chunks of dirt and if you go mining through them you fall six miles onto a pile of crabs that instantly kill you.The U.I. is horribly setup.The art in-game is quite ugly to me, and building is annoying and unsatisfying.NPCs in game are ""unique"" but they are so outlandish for no reason in such a ugly game the come across as if a five year old came up with them. If I remember correctly, the guide is a robo shark with miniture people for teeth and whenever you talk to it, a cringy audio cue plays that sounds like someone is flossing inside your ear drum.Reading other reviews for this game I see a lot of let down people and broken end game goals I cannot reach without dying from boredom or frustration due to the interface."
76561197978367331,Not Recommended,238240,20619833,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Jimbo,I was a big supporter of this game while it was in EA. Thumbs down from me now due to them releasing the game in an alpha state. A rushed release is something that is almost impossible to come back from.The game works just well enough to get an idea of how great it *could* be.
,Not Recommended,238240,28784821,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,max.katz,Too busy.  Poor controls.  Hard to play.  Just not finished.
,Not Recommended,238240,28848437,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Draconis🐊,"Scam Alert! What a mess this was. They came out with a fun concept of a vertical based survival mining game and really goofed it up. Then when the chips were down and the sychopant chorus sang but it is early access it will be great when its done! They Notched it and released the buggy rough hewn work as a finished product and scuttled off with the dollary doo's. Yet another reason to never trust early access.A bit about the actual game is that you have to wait for machines to churn out recources you provide to progress. Then you have to complete dungeons using resources you harvested to access. Its a monotenous poorly scripted bullet hell that turns arbitrary resource gathering into a byzantine mess of mechinization and waiting around till you can get 45 nanocarbon fiber units or whatever you need to not die instantly in the next zone down.Remember:If the game is bad and unfinished after years of non progress like DayZ its never going to be done.If you buy a game like that and its got obvious bad spots where its poorly made has bad itemization or other red flags. Return it immediately!Don't buy these games as jokes, you only support more of this.Finally just wait for the version counter to tick over to 1.0 before you buy!"
76561198047940041,Not Recommended,238240,29311429,Posted: 16 January,all,Broom,all i have to say about this game is just a more crappy version of starbound to me.. and a more expesive and craper version of terraria just don't buy this its not worth it
76561198133246336,Not Recommended,238240,26326162,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,LunkMaster20,"with my two and a half hours on record most of which when the game was actually being worked on,i thought it was semi enjoyable. about last year i load up the game to see what it is now. incomplete garbage. I would however have you look towards starbound, a game like terraria set in space. Starbound is just a fantastic and complete version of this game. hell if you wanted to just buy terraria same type of gameplay close to perfected"
,Not Recommended,238240,29731973,Posted: 5 February,all,h^ven 🍃🍣,"Just don't buy it. I know... it looks ♥♥♥♥ing cool. Learn from our mistakes.It's cool for 5 minutes. Then you find out how stale it is, followed by all the bugs. Developer has backed out (aside from cashing their pay-cheques).10/10 would recommend to people I despise...Edit... so I recently tried Starbound... jesus... makes this game 50x worse."
76561198080237604,Not Recommended,238240,34675132,Posted: 1 September,all,Morinn,Unfinished.
76561198028721530,Not Recommended,238240,23830006,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Rick,This one of those games you hear about that open to Early Access and then drop the game as soon as they get some money from it. These developers should be blacklisted by companies as con artists. This game should be taken down from Steam.
76561198022301530,Not Recommended,238240,30459733,Posted: 11 March,all,Green Lantern,Really tried to give this game a chance.Poor developement led to an overall poor experience.Save your dollars and move to the next item in queue.
,Not Recommended,238240,33646864,Posted: 19 July,all,Gzack,The game industry deserves to crash if this is considered the new normal.
76561198044747834,Not Recommended,238240,24711000,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Boodaflow,Incomplete release and no sign of improvement for quite awhile.
76561198092791235,Recommended,238240,20575918,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,KLuebbert,"PROS:Progression-I appreciate the progression in this game, it's not something where you get to end-game gear in one day. I still haven't got to the end-game yet, in fact, I barely even started. According to my character, I have learned less than 10% of everything you can learn in the game.Progression Part 2-This may seem grindy, but Edge of Space made this slow progression curve actually fun. They broke up the progression in a way where there's branches you pick, like armor crafting, weapon crafting, base construction and even pet creation, and there's 15 tiers of progression in each branch, each successing tier costing more knowledge points. Everything gives you knowledge points to spend to progress further, and the deeper you dig into the planet, the more points you earn.NPC's and Crafting Stations-There's NPC's that hand out quests, which keep you busy, some requiring harder to achieve materials than others. And on top of these NPC's, there's a large amount of crafting stations, requiring you to have some kind of base. There's also command centers, which provide power to nearby devices which require power. It's a neat system I don't see in too many games.CONS:(Let's be honest here, no game is perfect. So, let's get to the chase, and say the things I've noticed and dislike about this game. Also, keep in mind that everything I have said is my opinion)Textures-Quite a few items in the game share the same texture, like Soft Chitin and Penguin Explosives. These 2 items are very different, but they look exactly the same, and it's a little annoying. This is one example of items sharing the same texture, and there are a few more instances.Multiplayer-Multiplayer is a bit janky. When me and my friend played on a server I hosted, we noticed you can have only 1 of each Quest NPC in the world, and command centers (They provide power), cannot be placed anywhere near each other. So, what I'm saying is you and your friend have to share a base, or your friend has to live far away, and one of you has to walk all the way to the other player's base to talk to the NPC's. Also, the quests are independent, but at least the dungeons you can go to are publicly accesible which slighly makes up for this. But all in all, I was far ahead of my friend, and had all the quest NPC's, which ruined his experience a little bit, because we were independently progressing.All in all, this game has more pros than cons in my opinion, and makes for a great game. If you don't feel comfortable paying $14.99, then wait for a sale. I got this game for only $4.99 around Christmas, and trust me, if you think this game isn't worth $15, then it most certainly is worth $5, because this game has potential for hours of enjoyment!-KLuebbert"
76561198125658643,Not Recommended,238240,19975864,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,John MacClane,"Boo. I bought this game cause it looked like the Legendary Game Starbound. When I played it, it was way to confusing and I didn't know what to do. The jellyfish and crabs are annoying and it takes forever to get good armour, weapons and XP. Also when I tried to download the latest update that was awhile ago I got a Trojanhorse virus multiple times at ""100% installing"" and it never finished. If you want a good game. buy Sarbound, it is x1000000000 times better than this dumb game. Needs tons of improvements. So just avoid buying it, for a looooooooong time. It may be better, when the sun blows up. That'll happen in about 4-5 BILLION Years. But that's a guess."
76561198002245905,Recommended,238240,20097453,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,awh0423,"I waited a long time to review this game, mainly because I don't like or want to contribute to negative reviews.I acquired this game in pre-Alpha back in 2013 and it was a rather RAW version of the game back then. The forums were kicking on the main webpage and wheels were turning with update ideas and the direction of the game. Fast forward 2-3 years and there is a lot of development, a lot of change, and a game that has been finished. There were many character wipes and world wipes along the way = That was to be expected. I bought it on pre-order before early access, and played for about 6-8 months through early access, so a few save wipes isn't a huge deal.However, I think another user said it best "" I think the negative reviews are born mostly out of frustration with how long the game took to get from early access to release.""Here we are three years later with a game that is no longer in Early Access but still has clunky controls and somewhat of a grind feel. However - it has come a long way, and if you came  here NOT expecting to grind in order to craft and survive, I don't know what you were expecting.I played some of the most recent updates and will update my review from not recommended to recommended, but with a disclaimer attached: This game still doesn't feel 100% to me. But, Terraria never did either - far from it - and everyone loves to compare this title to Terraria. Terraria was lacking in story line, direction, but had an abundance of content and playability with constant updates. This game is proceeding along a similar path, but a  year or so ago they introduced a Tutorial stage at the beginning of the game. Instead of the tutorial level - the game now appears to have something else, that exists more as a dialogue feature that I won't spoil.I""ll keep checking in on the updates as they come along."
,Recommended,238240,18167255,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Zac Starfire,"Pixelated Virtual World game much like Terraria, but with a Sci-Fi theme. Lots of crafting, mining and adventure. I like Edge of Space better than Terraria because of the tech/crafting system, dungeons and the bizarre wildlife that can be found. Cool music soundtrack too!"
,Recommended,238240,19647044,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Rylos,"Great game with a large world for many hours of game play. This game has come a long way since the beginning and continues to be a favorite of mine with 1200+ hours played. Edge of Space has 3 different ways to play, experience point and a large crafting system. It is well worth the giveaway price of $14.99. Also, it is quite different than Starbound and Terraria which I own and have spent many hours playing (Starbound 109 hrs played.Terraria 164 hrs played)."
76561198078673888,Recommended,238240,14860223,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Radoria,"If you played all you could of Terraria and Starbound and absolutely love the sandbox genre of games then you will love Edge of Space. This game combine many of the elements of Terraria with an Edge of Space trim to it. The gameplay itself is similar to Terraria, but with a Starbound spacey theme. The game is unique in its own way. Game music is good, better than starbound but not as cool as Terraria. The game is more complex then Terraria and Starbound which can deter players who play it for the first time.The tutorial explains the basic controls and concepts of the game, but in my opinion, more could have been done to explain the game mechanics for crafting.You have to read your codex entries after the tutorial to figure out what you need to do. Once you do that the game becomes very fun to play. Explore, craft, fight... All is open to your disposal.This game is still in beta, the developers are constantly patching the game and adding new content. The game only gets better from here."
,Recommended,238240,19236015,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Okami (ian4),"I love Terraria, so this game is nice.  I have had it for a while and started it back up after awhile and it was awesome. :)"
76561198009953320,Recommended,238240,18402074,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,MagicalDeathPWNY,"So, ill start with addressing the mixed views.. most of the bad comments you see about this game are from back when the game was in pre-alpha.. since then this amazing team has made this game beautiful and have really come a long way.. I should know I played this back before it was even on steam, but thats my opinion.  AND dont let my time played on steam fool you, trust me I have hours soaked into this game.Now for the pros and cons.-PROS--tons of weapons-tons of armor-lots of really cool mounts, such as SPACE RAPTORS, gaint crabs, mechs and gunships, even ones that help you build and mine!-lots of really cool decor and important building items-has a really cool power system in which you can root a power supply to your lights, doors, and even crafting stations.-a great number of really cool enemies to fight from flying jellyfish to polarbears with artillery cannons on their backs.-has dungeons with some rather awesome boss fights-3 types of armor, fighter, builder and explorer, each pretty self explanatory.-constant updates which always fix problems and bring in awesome new toys.-as is,  the game has a ton of fun content that will keep you busy for hours.I could keep going but I think you get the point.-CONS--You dont own this game-has a few bugs, nothing really GAME breaking, except for the UI problems, opening menus and such lag the menus out, this while really game breaking is being broken down on as we speak, so in a week or two you can most likely ignore this.-needs a bit more upbeat music, mostly for events etc.Well honestly thats all I can think of.. if you are a fan of games like terraria or starbound, or just a fan of 2d games where you can build, then give this game a go its great!  With the speed of updates and endless content they can put out for it im sure this game will keep going strong for a long time, once they fix that UI lag... good bye social life."
76561198030690472,Not Recommended,238240,26003670,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,maestro,"I simply cannot recommend the game in this state.I was trying to wait out for updates, I was trying to wait for the developers to come back from their ""logistics stuff"" that they've been doing for months (it doesn't take that long for someone or even multiple people to move), and the developers have seemingly fallen off the face of the planet (maybe into the Edge of Space!? lol, couldn't resist, sorry).Starbound did a similar thing where Chucklefish relocated their entire company, but yet here's the thing: Chucklefish at least continued to maintain their website, and actually continued communications with the playerbase. Since Handyman Studios posted that update in April (It is October as I write this), there hasn't been any communication whatsoever, except for 1 tweet that advertised the game being on sale somewhere.So, since this appears to be abandonware, I believe I can attach my own review of this game.Do I recommend it as it is now? NO.Do I think it could be a good game? YES, but only if the developers actually come back.Do I hope they would come back and make it better? YES!The game has a nice premise going for it, but there are simply too many things wrong with it to make it an actual good purchase. If you really want a tech demo to mess around with, maybe for inspiration or ideas, go ahead. I'd wait until it's on sale, though.So, Pros/Cons:Pros:-A nice recipe unlock system-Good graphics for a sidescrolling indie game-Lots of inventive ideas (pets, character upgrades, etc)-A unique take on the sandbox exploration game (you progress by going down)-You start with a jetpackCons:-Control/UI Bugs (your character will shoot their weapon or use their tool while dragging items around in the UI)-Unfinished game and obvious missing content (the last two biomes are not finished, some tech unlocks are empty)-Blah combat (you always feel weak as bleeep because your guns all suck, and it takes 10+ shots to kill anything)-Melee combat is useless-Cheap enemies that can fly through solid walls to attack you-Dungeons are buggy, some of those bugs were fixed in the last update, but some remain from what I've been told-No Real Map System (this is the huge deal-breaker for me -- you only have a ""current"" minimap of what you can currently see and that's it)-Somewhat clunky UI system (inventory management, everything freshly obtained gets dumped into the hotbar etc)-UI LAG. Yes, the UI lags when trying to move items around.Recap: A game that has/had a lot of potential but sadly fell way short. I tried hard to like this game, because when I first started playing it, I was like ""I hope they finish this game or make it better!"" But sadly.. it doesn't look like that will ever come to pass. If you're a game developer and you're looking for some inspiration, I'd suggest picking this game up on sale, maybe someone else can develop something else that is similar but way better?"
,Recommended,238240,10399462,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Crackbob Cocainepants,"Good game with a great potential, however very hard to start off, before buying and playing the game I encourage you to watch playthroughs and gamplay videos to help you, you will need it because this game is hardcore survival in outer space, literally."
,Recommended,238240,11056798,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Spooky Zepsy,this game is edgy
,Recommended,238240,885664,"Posted: 30 June, 2013",all,Boozy,no multiplayer and broken another great feather in the greenlight projects cap :|
76561198042345015,Not Recommended,238240,32496292,Posted: 17 June,all,Tehom,"Good premise, didn't follow through with the promise of making a good game out of it."
,Not Recommended,238240,32489708,Posted: 16 June,all,Koopa,Hated the game from the start (Bought in 2014)
,Not Recommended,238240,21339716,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Guns Blazing,"expected a terraria clone, i dont even know what this is.this game has taught me to never buy early access ever again"
,Not Recommended,238240,22384965,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Non-fat Yogurt,"Ok, let's just say that the Developers are chefs.....well rookie chefs ok....They made a recipe for Edge of space. Hang with me a sec.This was the recipe for Edge of Space:Terraria + Starbound + Dog♥♥♥♥♥♥+ Horse♥♥♥♥♥♥ Cat♥♥♥♥♥♥ AidsOverall, it's♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,238240,7450619,"Posted: 22 October, 2013",all,Lord Reviewbrah,AMAZING!This game is at the top of the side scroller scifi genre!
,Not Recommended,238240,24502130,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Svlad Cjelli,Reverb Triple XP ships unfinished games. I can't believe this piece of junk was released in this state.
,Not Recommended,238240,31040959,Posted: 9 April,all,The Pied Piper,Was a buggy unfinished mess. Played for awhile. Saw its potential. Held onto hope thinking that it would reach its pinnacle someday.Abandoned.Stay away.
76561198080144504,Not Recommended,238240,21218429,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Im Not Cool,so much hype then..0/10
76561198028101712,Not Recommended,238240,20958716,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,kajidiablo,"ive tried to love this game i really have the story and such is cute but bland there is no drive to keep going like you hope the grind is annoying to say the least and feels highly unbalanced and as for most of the game it self just feels unpolished for a game that was trying to almost become a successor to terraria or something honestly idk what they were going for the game just sucks im not that great at reviews but just dont get it unless you got a bunch of friends who want to play with you and one of you knows how to port forward because yes this game has no easy multiplayer killing it even more imo(why have a multiplayer possable game on steam that doesnt use it and requires you to manually port forward) just lame and i know it costs mony to run a server but what are we paying for then because almost nothing has changed and ive owned this since the beginning almost, ok rant over i give the game a 5/10 because it DOES have a few saving graces for a while.....a short while"
,Recommended,238240,4460935,"Posted: 6 September, 2013",all,Johnny12ck,Omazing game if you like Terraria you should like this. Some times I still think I am playing Terraria while playing this =D
,Not Recommended,238240,24143893,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Pyroland,I first bought this game when I heard someone from Relogic (Terraria's Dev team) was creating it. At first I was dissapointed and pretty mad. I finally decided to make a rewiew and the dev commented (as you can see in the comments) asking what they should add. I told them it was a very boring game and someone told me to replay it (as you can also see in the comment). It had been updated and I played it and sudo liked it so I made a better review but now that I look back at it the game was still pretty boring and confusing.
,Not Recommended,238240,35452303,Posted: 3 October,all,mark.nau,"Play Starbound or Terraria instead. This game never rose to its potential, and isn't being improved upon.The large number of hours I've played this is due to giving it a chance early on, and accidentally leaving it running idle."
76561198060818691,Not Recommended,238240,21725486,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Cowculus,"If Starbound and terraria had brain dead baby, this game would be that baby :|"
76561198032583705,Not Recommended,238240,28677197,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Guppyplush,"i had this game for some time now, been expecting updates and maybe even better changes!  the changes only got slightly better and nothing else was extended to go down further onto the planet, nor better items and that is putting it lightly.  my own opinion, i am not happy at all with this game on their updates.  yes the game is fun but only to an extent and the atmospheric ambiant music is quite nice, but i would love this game finished!  it seems the devs are incredibly slow to non existant to this game when it needs attention.  when i mean slow, i mean as fast as a rock can move on its own.  i don't think this game will ever be finished and i had my hopes up for it back then.  seeing how this game now gets a lot of negative reviews, i agree with most on what they are saying about it.  now do i recommend this game?  not really... but play it at your own risk..."
76561198237049748,Not Recommended,238240,26572880,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Wiffers,"As much as I hate giving this a non-recommendation, this game has a unfinished feel to it. i've played it for 30 mins and i have no idea on what im doing and the player movement just feels so slowPros:Good graphicsGood amount of enemies, plants, and blocksLaser SharkCons:Unfinished feelSlow gameplayLack of tutorial and block introduction"
,Not Recommended,238240,24534266,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,BlackLusterBob,"I really wouldn't bother wasting your money on this game, although it can be mldly amusing there is still a lot missing and no update coming. The devs last post as of this date was in April now they have completly disappeared and the official Edge of space website is down, I can only assume they ran into financial trouble and abandonned the project."
76561198155261044,Not Recommended,238240,33435372,Posted: 10 July,all,martinezdavid432,after update the game just stops working
,Not Recommended,238240,24916164,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,legoj15,"""Promise"" is what I saw when I got this game. My friend got it on an impulse buy so I had to get it too. So to out do them, I got the Special Edition. We couldn't even play together, it was so buggy, and it still is, after 1.5 years. Now, I'd be happy to overlook the multiplayer problems if the singleplayer was fun/even slightly entertaining, but it's not even terraria, it's just boring. The Special Edition didn't even work when the game was 'released', it just kept crashing the game. I wasted a 25 dollar giftcard I could have bought StarBound with, what a disapointing mess.If you want to see evidence for yourself, go tohttp://playedgeofspace.comthis WAS their website where you could recive free stuff in-game."
,Not Recommended,238240,20029272,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,yuki,"This did look good on paper, but gameplay is unbelievably slow paced when it comes to harversting or constructing, There is a zillion items without a lot of explanation about them, or any tutorial at all, and ... i didn't real feel any satisfaction from the fights, ever."
,Recommended,238240,11370159,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Skilledbandit08,"The hardcore feel of this game brings me back to my days as a kid playing Super Metroid on snes. It's either kill or be killed. Luckily you can be recloned and not lose your stuff if you have enough cryorods. It's still in it's early stages but this games has huge potential. I would recommend this to anyone who loves metroid style platformers, or just resource gathering to survive type games."
76561197996673805,Recommended,238240,12180855,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,TwinKies12334,"It is a awesome game with great potential, Although it can be confusing at first, you will get the hang of it and will start to enjoy it. I have not finished the game when i posted this but i can tell it would be a great game. But the tool used to mine is super slow and im not sure if there is an upgrade for it, And also the guns take a while to reload and shoot and are not very interesting at the beginning."
,Recommended,238240,12040214,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Mildoze,"This game has come a long way. I bought in on a whim in my early terraira burn-out phase. Wasn't much then, but the developers have been working hard to improve the game and it shows. Countless patches later this game could launch today and it would get solid reviews. I recommend this one to anyone with a love for rouge likes and has a taste for the sci-fi our fathers used to enjoy. Outside of that, this is at it's core a mining/crafting game. Nothing special to remark outside of differences from other games in genre. Overall not bad compared to other offerings either when it comes to controls, content and depth. Sure, it's not on the same scale as Starbound, and nothing is as polished as terraira, but this game has character and immersion. The rough edges of this work in progress are limited to a lack  of good interface and general tutorials that leave much to be desired. I haven't truly logged enough hours to speak about end game, but I want you to know that I havent regret my purchase since day one (well over a year before this review). Check it out, I think you'll probably end up feeling the same.(Additional Edit: 4/26/15)I just wanted to update my review based on the current state of the game. I noticed recently that this game was at a ""Mixed"" review status. Please, if you are like me and weary of seeing such things before you purchase, give each and every negative review a read to make sure. This game is a work in progress. It should go without saying, but this is going to have bugs. It's going to have wipes. They are going to release patches that break, change, or completely destroy previous things. Accept it or dont buy early access titles. For what its worth; I still give this game the ""safe to buy in"" approval. It's a little clunky here and there, but they have really done SO much to improve the game. Its got everything one would expect from a game of this genre. If you're a fan of SciFi and Crafting/Rouge-likes, you would be doing yourself a disservice to not take the dive on this one. Its a solid game already and the Developers are VERY attentive and constantly updating. Don't let the mixed review status turn you off. From what I have read, there is alot of nit picking over what is a really early access title that, even after two years, is STILL being worked on constantly. Jump in, help out with the progress of this game, and enjoy the glorious Science!"
,Not Recommended,238240,25485615,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Bemvaras,"Sadly I would have to agree with the reviews to not buy this game, seemed pretty cool when it first went into early access but even now in its ""finished' state it has barely changed. Progression sucks once you get to a point you pretty much cant progress at all anymore to see the later parts of the game."
76561197994048543,Recommended,238240,10942063,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Jordan,Its super mewosome!
76561197993520036,Recommended,238240,10953461,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Chimeric Knight,This game is great.  Get it you will not regret it.
,Not Recommended,238240,32321376,Posted: 10 June,all,Jerm,I thought it'd be better than starbround.I liked this wire system better (only saw it in videos).But this game is now dead.
76561198123711860,Not Recommended,238240,32552927,Posted: 18 June,all,Nightstriker | trade.tf,"the only reason i still have this game is because i can't return it. the game had some potental, but instead of fixing it, they abandoned it."
,Not Recommended,238240,25338150,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Stat Trak™ Bread,"Ehh. I don't know what to say about this game, It's good for ther first couple of hours and then it got repetive. I'm not going to recommend this game sadly. ;.;"
,Not Recommended,238240,33525780,Posted: 13 July,all,My Friends are all Alcoholics,Unfinished and abandoned
76561198070834520,Recommended,238240,10222303,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Dylan11451,"Game is very early in its stages but has great potential. This is like Terraria... but Space-ier. Although, there are not many servers up (that I can currently find). Game is a lot harder than most other survival games (like Terraria) that I play but is also more complicated. If you enjoyed Terraria or other survival games and you want a progressive challenge, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,238240,10242257,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Telarius,"Though the graphics are a bit too pixilated for my tastes, this is definitely a fun game and I look forward to witnessing its evolution.  If graphics aren't a big concern and you are looking for a fun, replayable sci-fi game, this is a very good choice.  The game has a beautiful soundtrack and I went as far as to order another both versions just to get the extras, having initially purchased the standard package."
,Recommended,238240,9678989,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,xVx Sm1ThY xVx,This game is simply amazing! Dont listen to all the negative reviews! If you like terraria and starbound then you'll love this!
76561198005364688,Not Recommended,238240,22525995,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,let's get nep nepping,"This game is garbage. The devs haven't updated the game since Dec 16, 2015. It would seem they have ditched the game. The game showed some promise, but there is very little content. Quests are just boring and happen randomly while exploring. Kill some jellyfish or disarm bombs. Repetitive. Pass on this, and stay away from any games they make in the future. If you want a good game with similar gameplay, go with the far superior Terraria or Starbound."
76561198157882308,Not Recommended,238240,33410943,Posted: 9 July,all,GreenEggs_and_Spam,"Save your money and time and don't bother with this 'game'. The developers have more in common with my dog's digestive system than they have with actual game development. Try Terraria or Starbound, but please don't dissapoint yourself with this. Such a waste of money."
76561198017080543,Not Recommended,238240,31888880,Posted: 21 May,all,Timmy the Tooth,"Played it a bit, decided I would wait until some updates/improvements were made. Checked every 6 months 3 times (that's a year and a half for those of you who graduated in the ""no student left behind"" era), and by this third check I am going to go out on a limb and say the games dead and abandoned."
76561198060815890,Recommended,238240,15407868,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,[TECG]Cheese_Wiz,This is a Fun Game that will keep you busy for hours. Kinda like Terraria but with lasers and sniper rifles. I would recommend this game to anyone who likes the dig and build and progress style of play.
,Recommended,238240,18165513,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,MoMMI,Good game.
,Recommended,238240,18153589,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,THE GAY AGENDA,"Despite a lack of polish, this game is terribly addictive."
,Not Recommended,238240,26207475,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Maverik,Steam should banned this developer as they abandoned the game.
76561197972437090,Recommended,238240,11750701,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Maestro4202,"Don't get me wrong the game is solid already,  but even at this point early access,  the base game just doesn't feel very involving.  You start out in a game with a spawn point and are given lots of blueprints to activate then craft.  Where I get pretty annoyed and usually give up is the whole downward scrolling aspect of the game.  To reach the first 'layer' of a surface, you need to drop down,  which requires building stairs back up to the initial block of dirt you spawn in to presumably build your starting base.Getting back to the whole verticle scrolling aspect of the game.  Going up and and down all the time requires building lots of stairs and frequent use of your jetpack.  The problem is, it recharges extremely slowly,  resulting in a lot of time just waiting to use it.   Lighting is also trickier than in other survival games:  there's a few flareguns and torches to be placed,  but they all require using the crafting menu,  which is tedious. For example, to craft an item you need to select the materials you want to use first,  sometimes there's a huge list of materials you need and if you are missing one, you'll have to re-select all of them again if you want to try and craft again.   A lot of the time you'll find yourself in the dark trying to climb out of a pit of some sort, and hope you don't accidently fall further downwards to certain doom.Speaking of tedious,  everything just feels tedious to me about the game.  Mining is about as exciting as watching blocks smoke from heat before turning into collectable ores.  Crafting requires dragging a blueprint to your inventory slots, selecting the slot,  holding left click to activate the blueprint,  then right clicking the inventory slot to remove the blueprint.  This is just a typical example of how something is done in this game and honestly I don't feel like any of it is as intuitive as it should be.Combat is also pretty sleepy.  You shoot enemies,  and they die.  There's no real weight to the combat and it's just not very gratifying.Overall tho, the game does feel solid as I say.  Personally I just fall asleep trying to figure something out,  but that's just me.  Many will find the game appealing because there is much to do and there's a lot of content,  so if the aforementioned things don't bug you, feel free to dive in."
,Recommended,238240,20199338,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,NarkCurse,This game has changed alot since it was released and I love it. I loaded it up today to see what the dev's have done to improve the game. its fun and quite addictive :)
76561198024046438,Recommended,238240,20866390,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,KonkeyDong's MasterSchlong,"Ive been playing this game for the last couple of days and i have to say that it is a phenomanally gameplay rich game filled with fun and engaging contenet.  Alot of people on here are claiming it is a Starbound ripoff but at least this game is finished and runs smoothly on my pc (with the minor hiccup here and there) but all in alli have had no game breaking bugs or crashes in my play time. As i mention there is alot of content to play with, one example is the ability to travel to dungeons changing the gameplay from a Terraria style build and crafting game into somthing a kin to Super Metroid or Castlevania Symphony of the Night. The gun play is satisfying and a multitude of guns gives a lot of choice to the player as to what they want to use.  Do you use the laser shotgun to blast your foes to pieces with a point blank blast to the frontal lobe? or do you take the Volter and electricute two enemies at the same time disintegrating there bodies!  when it comes down to it i would definetly recomend this game!!"
76561198033395447,Recommended,238240,18185285,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Clever28nj,"After extensive playing of Edge of Space since the release I decided to rewrite my review.Pros:Sci-fi setting with a good intro video explaining why you are on a planet that’s hostile and heck bent on killing you.I love the sci-fi graphics, and the look of the broken planet landscape.Excellent array of items to craft, in fact, the list is HUGE, including three different sets of armor (each with their own upgrade tree), all kinds of different weapon types, and a lot of other things that give my love of farming resources, and collecting new, interesting bits and pieces, a lot of reasons to feel content.A very large selection of base building decorations, workstations, defenses, etc. And yes, the advanced items require extensive farming and playing the game to gather enough resources to make, which some might feel is grindy, but I feel motivates me to keep exploring and mining for “a few more minutes” and then turns out to be two-three hours of game time I didn’t even know slipped by when I glance at the clock.I’ve heard a lot of negatives about the user interface, but personally I see nothing wrong with it, and you can see it demonstrated in action via screen-shots, youtube videos, and streams, so it’s not like the developers are trying to hide something… If it doesn’t interfere with my game-play and fun, I don’t see how it’s a problem.Lots of biomes, and mobbies, and some good humorous moments.Tons of new areas to explore, and lots to keep you busy.Developers that are getting the kinks worked out as fast as possible, and they are very active and responsive in the forums begging those with issues to send them logs so they can fix any issues for everybody else.I’ve put a ton of time in and I am thoroughly enjoying myself, because I find the game both extensive and challenging.I myself haven’t crashed even once, and though I experience lag here and there it only happens for me after playing for several hours straight. My computer is an Asus Rog Gaming Laptop, win 10, and I have an nvidia card.The mini patches since 1.0 hit have improved the game a lot, in my opinion.Active Devs that really want this game to succeed and are willing to do whatever it takes — though they get knocked around a lot by players that seem unwilling to give them time to hear and fix any issues that might be present…Cons:The Lead Dev has said the game was designed more for multiplayer, so mobs tend to spawn in waves that can overwhelm a single playing character… After reading that bit of info, I was sad, because I look at these games as something I wish to spend a lot of time with soloing. Like in Terraria when I played with a friend he wanted to kill this boss, and that boss, and I wanted to just find resources. I never played with anyone again, though once I got to Moon Lord I lost interest, because I realized that fight wasn’t balanced for single player at all (my opinion).EOS needs some patches to iron out the kinks, and I bet my life SO WILL Terraria Otherworld when it’s released. Even Terraria has had at least a half dozen mini patches since 1.3 hit, and I don’t see anyone knocking Terraria for it… And Starbound will continue to see many updates and patches before and after its 1.0 version hits… Whenever that might happen — sooner than later, me hopes!Players rush to leave negative feedback, rather than logging the problem and helping the Devs get a handle on it. They have asked and asked for player input via logs, but some grumpy, unhelpful players would rather sink their chance at sales than help get the game working perfectly for everyone.The game is extensive and resource gathering takes a long, long time. And some ingredients are very hard to find and farm — like Penguin parts and even Headhunter parts, and though I love to farm resources, even I wish these dropped more often…Sometimes things feel unfair, unbalanced, such as weapon upgrades that don’t do much to make you feel like the mobbies are being hurt… I swear there was a penguin laughing at me at a Penguin Rave — it was hysterical, this little penguin dancing at a Rave as I’m shooting him, pew pew for half a minute…It seems New Players find the beginning confusing, and perhaps because the game is so extensive more time should have been put into a longer, more engaging tutorial, with an option to skip it for more advanced players…Final thoughts:Personally I’m enjoying my time in the game, and though I have a large library, it keeps pulling me back with that one more node feeling, and I wake up excited to play and find new areas and new upgrades, etc. Some might not like gathering, farming games, and if the game is balanced around MP, I think MP should have been a bigger priority, as I believe a lot of complaints have stemmed from the MP community, AND I feel us solo players might not find the game as satisfying in the later stages, if the game really cannot be completed single player (which I’ve no idea if it can or cannot, but I’m hoping!!!)"
,Recommended,238240,9435592,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Vic The Butcher,"Edge of space is a terraria like game but with a new look and feel. This sci fi sandbox game gives you a whole new feel for sandbox games. The day I got it I must have played it for six hours straight. The controls are smooth and you can tell that the weapons and all the tools were really giving a great look over and made into great looking weapons with an awesome random stats generator. The developers are also on the ball with getting in touch with people who are playing and wanting to see how it's going personally, not just recieving emails from people who are having problems. They go to the community hub, the enter tha chat and talk with people. Suggestions are taken into consideration. All in all, the game is fantastic and the developers are fantastic. With the early access already being a lot of fun, I can't wait to see what the full game will be like."
76561198021729201,Recommended,238240,9409495,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Chewbacca,"As it is now, this game has tons of potential, and if you are fans of Terraria, Starbound and other similiar games, I strongly recommend this. However, if you have not yet played these Terraria or Starbound, I would recommend purchasing those before buying Edge of Space, as they are more developed, and provide a more in depth experience than the current version of Edge of Space. This being said, Edge of Space is a fantastic and adds new features and gameplay mechanics to its genre that make it both fresh and exciting for both first time players and veterans of the 2D Sandbox Adventure."
,Recommended,238240,10153017,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,.Png,Its a good game but for me its a bit slow going.
76561198235205368,Recommended,238240,18162055,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,tomerel001,look like gret game so far
76561198115305748,Not Recommended,238240,23891722,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Pythonor,A Terraria wannabe that stopped developmentDO NOT BUY0/10
,Not Recommended,238240,23911424,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,IvanIceSpike,"Unfinished ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ child with no fun between terraria and starbound, I can't stress enough how much I regret buying this game... years later... I just want to cry, have my money back and buy something else during summer sales... DO NOT BUY THIS STEAMING BALL OF♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,238240,20238767,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Lyn,"It's like a worse version of Starbound, to put it bluntly.."
76561197971088364,Not Recommended,238240,24098608,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Rale,Just play Terraria. Chances are you haven't seen all of it's content and recently added content. If you own this it's only cause you got bored of Terraria but the grass is deff not greener on this side of the fence. Infact the grass here is all dead and full of dog♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561197970596871,Recommended,238240,18172354,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,quarius,"Love this game.  It's a lot like Terraria, but with its own twists.  In space!  Sure, there's some tweaks that need to be made but very playable and I can't wait for more updates."
,Not Recommended,238240,31853996,Posted: 19 May,all,Jaal,abandoned terraria/starbound ♥♥♥♥♥♥.
,Not Recommended,238240,30876471,Posted: 1 April,all,HeavyWeaponsSpy,"Best game ever!APRIL FOOLS!Basically impossible to get anywhere, since your energy gets drained by the first enemies you meet. This stops you from being able to attack them or even leave the area."
,Not Recommended,238240,24243805,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,A Fine Genuine Medic,Deader than starbound.
,Recommended,238240,18144326,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Bibncent,It's pretty edgy bae9/11
76561198006884898,Not Recommended,238240,21904725,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,buchecker,"Its fun at first, but long term there isnt much to do and there are still alot of things missing (like bimomes on the bottom that are completely empty except for random continents). Better Bang for Buck than some AA titles, but falls so short of Terraria(which is cheaper) that i can not recommend."
76561198055462272,Not Recommended,238240,14869863,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Cruelty-Free Jazz,"Review Updated as of 4/3/2016How far my hopes have fallen.This games started out with such great potential. Nice graphics, good crafting and world building mechanics. Even the inclusion of EXP and special in-world events! There were even going to be NPCs. Notice how I say 'were' in that last sentance.The Developers seem to have left this game behind. In December, they assured us that the next update would come out after they got back from Christmas break, but days turned to weeks, and eventually into months. No update, no word from the Developers, no hope for this game.The end product is a lot of good ideas that never got to see their full potential. The framework of a great game is there, but now it's never going to be completed.I had high hopes for this game, and I have no idea with the Devs vanished so suddenly. But despite my dashed hopes, I cannot recoment this game to anyone."
,Recommended,238240,18227991,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,The Possibility of a Bear,"First off i love this game but the multiplayer system sucks if you just want to host a small server, further more I feel that they should do something lik Terraria. PLEASE DEVS USE THE TERRARIA HOSTING SYSTEM!!!"
76561198054455581,Recommended,238240,18209366,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,CaptainSquig,this is a awesome game you should get it
76561198012496871,Recommended,238240,9334942,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,SticKy,"I do recommend this game if you go into it knowing it's early access and not a complete game yet. That said it feels it has potential to be amazing. Starbound and Terraria had a baby, one where you think someone may have cheated on the other with Super Metroid. Controls and seem to handle well and be responsive, the issue is no real way to set up items to hotkeys so have to scroll through a list of items to get to the desired weapon/gadget. I assume this is something that will be taken care of at some point.  Environments looks nice and sharp, music helps sink you into the world,  and you start off with a jetpack. Not a easy game but After the little bit I have played, I'm sure it will be a great game.Edit: New patch added the ability to assign items to 1-8 =)  nice!"
,Recommended,238240,13284850,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Goofbelly,"As far as bad Terraria parallels go, this game is actually pretty decent.  I'd recommend it to anybody who wants an experience similar to Terraria or Starbound.  The dev team is showing some good effort with bugfixes and updates... I can see myself playing this every so often for a good while to come."
76561197962830590,Not Recommended,238240,11280342,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Manly PMS,"I was quite disappointed in this title. I know it's early access, but the interface and bugs were quite brutal. I am a fan of Terraria and Starbound, as they seem more 'early access' ready.Perhaps my opinion will change when it's complete, but I don't recommend it right now."
,Recommended,238240,7965323,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,LUMPdizzle666,Love this game
,Recommended,238240,9748719,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,coreoveride,Absolutely amazing game.  Perfect amount of challege and an incredible huge world to explore.  This survival game is truely a gem which will keep you playing for hours on end.  The massive scope of this game includes a robust and in depth Power system (PIOS) along with Atmosphere Proccessing systems places the control of the world completely into the players hands.  Incredible enemies inspired by some the greatest classic games of our time will have you gawking in awe.  Bring your friends and together you can tame the world around but beware as the world will resist you at every turn.oh and do i really need to say it?FREAKIN' LASER SHARKS!Nuff said ^^
,Not Recommended,238240,11269629,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Forge,"Confusing, annoying, and hard to figure out. When you're not falling to your death from a crappy spawn point, you're trying to figure out what the hell to do. Some games should have a guide, this is one of those games."
,Recommended,238240,16384639,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,swirled,"This game is really nice if you like the genre of 2D/sanbox games !It is also different that all the otheres and that is a good thing. the Sci Fi feel and humor is awesome.The game has changed allot in the latest updates and the current state of the EA is verry playable, tons of fun and hours of gameplay !GET IT NOW !!!"
76561198060536119,Not Recommended,238240,24085818,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Agam,NEVER BUY EARLY ACCESS! Early access = cash grab
,Not Recommended,238240,22212290,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Lorian,I recommend staying away.It's slow and clunky in both graphics and gameplay.Just an attempted Terraria clone.
76561198042112995,Recommended,238240,13085321,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,ErebusPhantom,"In my 2 hours of EoS (Edge of Space) I've barely even touched the surface of it. I'll say this - If your looking for something quick, then as of right now I personally think it isn't for you - It takes time to do stuff in edge of space, It isn't a quick little miner. Would I recommend this game from the very little time I've played it? Yes."
76561198129787541,Recommended,238240,11240207,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Anzel,Fun yet difficult
,Recommended,238240,11284533,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Xado,This game could turn out to be the best of its kind. Enjoying it so far.
,Recommended,238240,18155486,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,niBBun,"It can get boring at times, but SO MANY WEAPONS"
76561198138567636,Recommended,238240,11337511,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Papi Chulo,if you are into endless fun and adventure then this is the game for you and with friends it even more of a great experience!
76561198074783773,Recommended,238240,13100022,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Lexu,"I like almost everything about this game but the most i like the people who created it , they are very interested in seeing it out of early acces with all the updates and the love for a game they give us.Don't forget to add a minimap with waypoints , that would be awesome !Keep the good work and go for making this game better than terraria :D."
76561197983324630,Not Recommended,238240,11357558,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,owen445x,"I really wanted to like this game, but as of right now.. I can't recommend it. The tutorial kind of sets you off right till they send you the the alien planet where you need to complete some objectives in order to go to another part of a space station. well, for me it was at night and this games lighting system is the worst part of the game for me. Literally you can't see jack and how the heck are you supposed to find stuff when you cant even see 1 inch past your character. After jumping around looking for stuff, how the heck should you know when your next jump will just rocket you 1000000 feet below to your death? nothing.. literally jumping around then you just die or fall in a 100 foot hole in the ground with a little fox with a horrible light that instead of 1 inch, its now 2 inches from pure darkness. So! right off the bat, I don't like to explore because everytime I leave something kills me or fall to my death and the crafting is kinda clunky. You will be mining a lot and the mining laser takes ages for 1 or 2 squares of dirt..... really....really... boring. So, I tried to enjoy this game and I think it could have a lot of potential, but after watching a youtube video that was posted 5 days ago from this review, not much has."
,Recommended,238240,13081781,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Miss Newtype,"Great game in the vein of Terraria or Starbound, but honestly it's quite a lot different. The art style is quite great and the newest update really fleshed this game out and made it a ton of fun. I've had it early access for quite some time now and was a bit afraid when the updates stopped coming, then all of a sudden BAM they put out the king of updates. I cane safely say this game is well worth the price especially if you like metroidvania exploration platformers. The interface takes some getting used to, but works very well once you do get used to it. It actually makes quite a lot of sense for something so far stretched from similar games.Really honestly give this a chance, it's got a lot of potential and they are certainly doing their best to make us happy."
76561198106689806,Recommended,238240,11643953,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Arry,its a good game just want a creative build mode to build stuff and then play in survival because I get bored after first 10 min ofi it 10/10 juust want creative mode
,Not Recommended,238240,10951483,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Procaine,"The game is overcomplicated, but it has potential.From the small amount of time I've played, I can tell I won't be going back to it soon.The HUD is confusing and complicated.The item management system is clunky.The tutorial is confusing (For me, at least.)The movement feels average.The lighting isn't that good (yet).The combat feels terrible...The game will get better over time, but in its current state, I can't reccomend it to anyone.If you really want to play an early-access space game, go buy Starbound."
76561198047021954,Not Recommended,238240,21018009,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Hak,Runs like a wellsprings camp escapee.
,Recommended,238240,11969020,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Asvarduil,"""Edge of Space"" is a construction/adventure game in the vein of Terraria, only in space!  It's a very simple premise, but somehow, as of this writing, the game doesn't quite deliver on either its potential or the intellectual legacy of Terraria, which great effort is put into establishing.The first thing to realize about this game is that there are some really cool ideas!  You've got a laser drill, and you start with projectile weapons!.  The graphics are a miss for me (I'll get into why later), but are certainly more detailed than Terraria's, and may not be as offensive to another gamer's eye.(The following edited as of 21 May 2015...)The game has vastly improved since my playthrough last year!  The general user experience is far less irritating than it was, and actually warrants my giving this game a chance now.What WorksThe game's crafting system is awesome.  Pretty much, the game is already similar to the ""Terraria Leveled"" mod in some ways mechanically, but the research lines are well-defined, and the experience amounts required to unlock a tier feel correct.  What's more the amount of things you can craft without a crafting station is great for upgrading your field arsenal (from what I've seen so far.)They fixed the guns to always hit.  This wasthedealbreaker for me before.  Thank you.  Note to other game developers: in an action game, RNG-based miss mechanics arevery very bad.  What's more the base tier of stuff after completing the tutorial isactually useful, which is nice!Speaking of the tutorial, it appears simplified from the version I played earlier, and is effective at basically teaching the game.  Less was indeed more!You can rebind keys.  This helps to mitigate some of the confusing keybindings in this game, and let you play Your Way™.What Doesn't WorkFirst, you still spawn on a sky island instead of the planet's surface.  I think this is a mistake, even with jetpacks being available immediately, because jumping into a void beneath your little sky island is too much of an early risk, that I don't think a new player wants to take - at this point, we're still getting a feel for the game and the world.Second - re-evaluate your default key bindings.  V for crafting and C for character are really counterintuitive to me.  While providing rebindable keys is nice, nailing a good preset will help this game immensely.  It was irritating to have to click the menu button every time I wanted to craft something, until I found the hotkey.Speaking of crafting, the way you spend XP feelsincrediblyclunky, and the increment/decrement textfield used to implement it clashes with everything else.  Since the upgrades are straight lines, not trees, why not just allow me to click an upgrade or a button on the upgrade in order to ""buy"" it with the XP?The visual style to me is hit or miss, but this gets into personal preference; if Terraria is a Saturday-morning cartoon, then this isArcheron Adult Swim, which is what I think they're going for.  This point may or may not be a sticking point for you; this ""Doesn't Work"" bit is purely subjective.  Some sprite mods or the ability to create sprite/tile image mods might be a good idea, though.The (New) TL;DROnce, I did not recommend this game; it wasn't ready for the public.  Luckily a few patches seem to have come and gone to help resolve that situation.  The developers need to study up on good User Experience (UX) quite a bit more, and take it as a lesson learned going forward - UX seems to be one of their weaknesses that they have to fight against.  However, the interesting ideas in this game seem significantly closer to fruition.I recommend watching this title more closely..."
,Not Recommended,238240,22302278,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Draylynn,Still has that tacky Terraria-clone feeling. Still same bugs from the last time I played it (getting stuck in terrain etc). the graphics are just odd and an eyesore. Rather play Terraria.
,Not Recommended,238240,23675199,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Traskar,"Edge of space is a waste of time and Money. The Crafting and building is ok but the grind to get the needed ressources for better equipment is plain boring and way to slow and the building Options are to limited. Combat is boring and there are like 10 enemys total in the game. Bosses and dungeons are ok the first time but the dungeons dont change and when you have to farm them for mats they get boring fast. All of that is topped with an unlogical research and upgrade system and a barren last biome.If you like a rpg variant of Terraria try Crea instead, If you have never played and 2d  Sandbox Platformer try Terraria.If you really want to lose 15 bucks i can give you my bankdetails, that way you at least saved your lifetime :)"
,Not Recommended,238240,28814504,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,TPMJB,"How the hell did this game actually LOSE features after me not playing for two years? No more in game tutorial. Two pages of craftable materials instead of the dozens of features before. I feel like I went back to an alpha stage of the game! If anyone had the misfortune of buying this, I would demand your money back. You can't do NEARLY as much as is in the videos for this page."
,Recommended,238240,10910304,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Brainlicker,"I've never been able to keep this game running for more than 5 minutes (I've tried on 3 different systems with different specs).I can't recomend this game based on the limited gameplay I've experienced (even though it was fun).  When they say ""Early Access"" they mean just that, I recomend buying it and waiting till it's in beta before playing. This way you can support the devs and when the time comes, have a great game."
,Not Recommended,238240,26134834,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,RagingRapscallion,It was promising but it was also never completed and is now completely and utterly dead.One of those amazing Early Access success stories.
76561198018982655,Recommended,238240,10992117,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,MLGBootyWizard,"it is just like terraria but instead on being on land your are in space, it is really fun!!! I recomend it to everyone who likes a good sandbox adventure"
76561198061235536,Not Recommended,238240,29020664,Posted: 4 January,all,ArcticWolf,Totally a waste of money. Developer don't care about that game anymore
,Not Recommended,238240,16725979,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Lifeispain,"I really thought i would like this game because i was old it was like terraria in space but it was hugely dissapointing, everything has this bulky feel to it that just ruins most of the experience and the GUI definitly needs an upgradeI think the main problem is just the feel of the game, you always feel safe even when you are being attacked because you can respawn in the exact same spot with a click of the mouseOverall this game was a great idea with awesome mechanics but everything needs to be polished up quite a bitI'll change my review if it gets much better"
76561198026777303,Recommended,238240,18214216,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Leader Panda,"At first I had High hopes for this game and it looked great,when I started I got depressed and Asked one thing""why would I do this to myself,and I ran over my computer with a lawnmower and was happy again.10/10 would snap again"
,Not Recommended,238240,32523545,Posted: 17 June,all,Tremulant,"This game would be on of those 'buy a 4-pack and get your friends' kind of thing if the online worked properly. Very fun Terraria style clone, but it seems the devs have gone silent.I hope things change as this style of game isn't terribly fun alone."
76561198046418318,Not Recommended,238240,25470412,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Lexdyskia,Bought this game a long time ago because I thought it was Starbound0/10 would not make that mistake again.
,Recommended,238240,13100709,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,ShagNasty.BriskeysGaming,I like the new update ...at first i wasn't into this game ....now im into this game.  Good game ....great work guys !Buying more copies even for my friends to join me.
,Not Recommended,238240,23824833,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Ales,This is just crap. Don't waste your money!
,Recommended,238240,10987117,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Mulo Galifianakis,"They should change the name to ""Loading Chunks: The Animation."" Seriously, don't play this on Evolve because that's what you will get because chuyito is a terrible host and fat. The crabs are super strong, and my gun sucks. the boss is also a rip off of terrarara. like wtf is up with that? at least these devs make updates unlike starbound, or should i say star-bound to be hecka stupid.this game still sucks .1/.100000"
,Not Recommended,238240,15786298,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Arnkh Ghash,"If you yearn for that authentic ""early access"" experience, look no further! Do not be fooled by the fact that the game has been released almost 2 years ago, nor by the fact that those 2 years were filled with hyperactive developement - it still feels like a proof of concept.Every time I return to it after a long hiatus (caused, usually by frustration at being unable to progress because, to give a few examples, the devs couldn't decide where some resource or other should spawn and deciced not to put it into the game at all, or there is a typo in a crafting recipe) my saves won't work, half the in-game systems have been changed and the others are broken (dev-speak for those is ""not balanced yet"").I want to love this game, I've spent a lot of time playing it, but untill the devs decide what they want to actually do with it it's very hard to recommend.EDIT: I'd like to clarify, now that my hissy fit is over, that if there ever was a game that shows promise, then EoS is that game. It's just that, well, I want my saved games to work - at least for my character, if not for the world itself."
,Recommended,238240,13086043,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Cmd. Kneecaps,"The potential for this game is tremendus, although it isn't done yet i enjoy it quite a bit and is very fun multiplayer."
76561198071898307,Not Recommended,238240,24497194,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Crusaderjak,Buy starbound.
76561198024930612,Recommended,238240,18137271,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,violentstreak,"Got it when it was first released Early Access, it was pretty unplayable then and not fun at all.Now its pretty darn cool in its current state, and I think it has the groundwork to be great.  Curious to find out whats next."
76561198160538721,Not Recommended,238240,33351731,Posted: 7 July,all,fdilonka170eu,this is a complete waste of money and i want a refund straight away
76561198080104613,Recommended,238240,11759972,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Imperial Wizard,THIS GAME IS AWSOME
19479285276834562,Not Recommended,238240,30151814,Posted: 24 February,all,Akmaori ™,If it wasnt for the amount of farming you hade to do and that the devs abandoned the game it would be pretty okay. :I
,Not Recommended,238240,29675240,Posted: 3 February,all,PhaseLaser,"Abonded game with some ""Terraria content"" (I'm talking about one or two enemies), if you want to buy a game like this go for Starbound or Terraria"
,Not Recommended,238240,30074529,Posted: 21 February,all,eduardo squidwardo,TERRIBLE
76561198014873283,Not Recommended,238240,30111460,Posted: 22 February,all,mick129,The game is down.
,Recommended,238240,7377282,"Posted: 13 October, 2013",all,Silent Knight,"If you're into Terraria then this might be a good alternative for you. It's still in early development so there are some bugs and issues being worked through but the same basic concept is build, craft, and survive. Advancing your gear through science to gain access to the deeper parts of the universe and ultimately to fight the whispered rocket powered mega shark. 7/10"
76561198051549152,Recommended,238240,9382429,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,russian monroe,"This game is in beta, means it isnt in full game, and might have bugs. I like it so far, the things you can do, the things you can make, imagine it, jetpacks? suits to protect you against the deep levels of terrain? AWESOME. I did myself buy the special edetion to support the developer. If you are up for supporting a great game in the future. Then buy it."
,Recommended,238240,9366128,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Brocken Jr.,"The game is good. While the art is ""love me or leave me"" it somehow managed to add some originality to the sandbox concept. We all know Terraria is the godfather of this 2d sandbox style, and while Edge of Space has to compete with other big titles like Starbound (F.e) for its own space in this genre, it certainly has that ""something"" that draws your attention for hours even if its to grind for new weapons or build something pleasing to the eyes.Give it a chance if you have the spare money, or wait for the full release. either way, even Terraria's creator, 'Redigit' approves this one."
76561198088537619,Not Recommended,238240,33961114,Posted: 1 August,all,AlmostLethal,Another worthless Unity flop.Should of been made as a freemium game.
,Not Recommended,238240,27932264,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,White Sister Rom HDD,"Broken and will be that way, get Starbound instead its much better"
76561198090780226,Not Recommended,238240,23969056,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,EDGE,"What a waste of 7 dollars. Don't buy this game. Too complicated, just the TINIEST enemies are too overpowered, and REALLY confusing crafting."
76561198057809284,Not Recommended,238240,6041659,"Posted: 30 June, 2013",all,APoCaLyPSE NoW,"http://store.steampowered.com/app/211820/http://store.steampowered.com/app/105600/-=== EDGE OF SPACE ===-RECOMMENDED : Highly NOT (You shall not pass, run you fools)Go to buy STARBOUND or TERRARIAReasons :- Handyman Studios is one worst team on Steam. Look at Steam Community score : only 57% approved this game, that mean +3% during last year. All score <75% always mean problems with devs or game is simply bad.- Don't waste time & money with pure rip off from original without bringing anything fun : Starbound & Terraria are both better experience.- devs don't solve players problems and ignore them. After many monthes i reported problems they ignored me greatly because they said on forum : ""we are small team we need time to investigate all problems"". There is difference between ""needing time"" and never answer. They wasted time to offer Santa event outside beta and not to fix all problems on basic beta build. They call that ""beta"". One worst support team ever on Steam. I don't believe they act like autistics person. They banned me to forum to be sure i'll never ask more about my crashes problem.- full censorship on forum : you write they don't solve your problem, you aren't agree with devs, you said to them truth, they simply call admin to get your permanently ban. Its 1st time on Steam i got banned. They closed my mouth like that and continue to lie to sell more copies !!!- gameplay : Edge of Space is bad gameplay. When you rip-off game, you have all time to improve  features from original. EoS gameplay is worst than Starbound or Terraria. This game require more tools bar, full control mouse UI. I don't know who designed UI but iam sure its not gamer, its simply someone who don't understand how computer UI should be. They lack of experience lead to boring UI which result in waste of time selecting and ordering what you want & need- lacks of good balanced weapons ruin game : all i know is i won't made war with Handyman Studios. They understand nothing about war. They are so unexperienced you'll get death in-game. When you see all weapons which exist in real life, and play Edge of Space (game in future), you'll be convinced by this voluntary act of ruining game to create fake difficulty.- annoying crafting system : you need to allocate all materials each time (should be auto select by default with lowest materials matching). Tons of time wasted to craft something you need fast. Why to inflict that pain to players ?- multiplayer : you join server writing direct IP. Never use your real IP because it's never safe & some hackers will be happy to use exploit from beta to hack your computer. I got lot of problems during beta multi. You'll play at your own risks. Because they banned me to not solve my crashes problem, i can't say its because i was hacked during play or its only because beta.- Handyman Studios is small team : even if game is in beta, you won't get any answer from support if you are alone/few to experience it because ""small team"" mean not enough time to solve it. In real, they are able to get your money but not to correct all problems. They are able to build exotic patch like Santa but not to help each players to fix problems. They do exactly what they want. For me its last time i gave money for early access game.- changing screen settings need to restart game- tutorial : incomplete & bugged tutorial- - - To end - - -Save your money & time buying Starbound or Terraria instead of Edge of Space.Don't feed Trolls- who try to seduce you with new games based on stupid ripp-off without bringing something better- who lie everyday on forum practicing censorship & permanently ban- who offer 0 support about crashes.It's last time i give my money to indies during early access. Handyman Studios are blacklisted forever, anywhere on the web.Its time to start my Edge of Boycott : YOU SHALL NOT PASS !!!Thx to read my evaluation."
,Not Recommended,238240,33571953,Posted: 15 July,all,WitchHugger,"Haven't played in a long time, when I did the game was difficult to start out in. Seems to have been abandoned so I suppose I don't recommend it."
76561198056569982,Not Recommended,238240,33612920,Posted: 17 July,all,FrodoBaggyBalls,If this game has been abandoned does that mean we get our money back ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥holes
76561197996728656,Recommended,238240,12241323,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,IcEkiLL,"Awsome game! very challenging compared to Terraria and Starbound. But if your a sucker for these type of games like I am, then your gonna love Edge of Space =)"
,Not Recommended,238240,35095765,Posted: 20 September,all,Saile,"not fun, basicallly a failed attempt at a terraria copy"
,Recommended,238240,12426007,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Synthestitch,"Had a minor problem that was quickly fixed, Very fun game, Right along with Terraria and Starbound. I also Love the firefox that you get :p"
,Not Recommended,238240,31230540,Posted: 18 April,all,Psychotogen,Don't buy.  Awful.
76561198089347939,Not Recommended,238240,23493068,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,axelswartz,A nother good to nothing game you wont get a refund for DONT BUY THIS they make this look good in add but ingame is poo
76561197971915197,Not Recommended,238240,23635041,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,beelzebug,"It essentially boils down to an early access project that had potential, but fizzled. Avoid it."
,Recommended,238240,11287732,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Mr Windblade,"Currently, the game is in VERY Early Access, without a significant amount of content or progression.  However, what is here is all good.  Edge of Space, unlike other games of this genre, is much more combat focused - collecting ""tech"" upgrades and data from the creatures you murder unlocks the next tier of craftables, which is a pretty nice change of pace from the genre staple ""dig downward to win"" scheme.How it works as of this patch, however... kind of grindy.  It's definitely in need of tuning (and the devs have mentioned it's going to get said tuning) but the system itself is a nice change of pace.What the game sorely lacks now is content - the core systems appear to work well, so it really just needs to be loaded with items, enemies, ores, and mores."
76561198123475207,Not Recommended,238240,32580251,Posted: 19 June,all,Tomax,not updated anymore and even at the state i bought it it wasnt worth it
76561198031782599,Recommended,238240,7593385,"Posted: 7 November, 2013",all,Devs,Fun Fun Fun!
76561198331224732,Not Recommended,238240,35029957,Posted: 17 September,all,Doctor.TOP,♥♥♥♥♥lag
76561197993373280,Not Recommended,238240,35234538,Posted: 26 September,all,Bac-On!,"At 25 hours of play time I really wanted to like the game... but it's... just ok. It's an unfinished game with lots of polish needed.Now that it's on sale you can either spend $5 on this game or go to the store and buy a brand new ice pick to stab yourself in the brain. I recommend the later. Total fun and worth rep...fasoHU38IRFHOWI,GHN94IGHF,SXDJV NSD,.GV DFRGFD...SDFGKJFDGKL"
,Recommended,238240,18090282,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,-HvK-bremstone,"Hello guys and girls, I am long over due for my thoughts on this game.Lets get started shall we, I am amongst the first people who Green Lit this game and helped it out during its earlier iterations. This game has come a long way from where it once was, and only a few of us can attest to this because we come from an opinion that goes back to early alpha. On here it says I put 13.8 hours into it, but off of steam I had actually put 60+ hours into it. That was all mainly dedicated to testing out the new builds as they were being released and the new systems. This game went from being hard to figure out, to hard as nails, and then an awesome tutorial came through. Guess what, they kept up with the new tutorials making them more stream lined and easier for new players to pick up and play. Mind you, the tutorials at the very beginning were not nooby friendly, but they fixed that, and that was all based on players feedback.From personal experiences, this game is a lot of fun and offers a lot to the player base at an extremely low price. These guys have worked day and night to bring a better experience to the table with each major update coming out with new fixes and added crafting recipes down to materials. More feedback is always a must when it comes to the on going production of a title, especially a creation one. StarBound, Terraria and Edge Of Space offer different experiences all together and yet each one has worked on content for each other to help promote one another. Edge Of Space for me is a gem in itself and it shouldn't be looked over because someone elses troll review.Instead of trolling why don't you just go and tell the developers what is wrong? Because that would make to much sense I guess, give this game a try, 10. bucks isn't a bad deal and you are getting way more then that back in the content that is currently available. I give this game     ""awesome out of awesome"""
,Recommended,238240,13952573,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,StupidEcho,"As a person who was hyped for Starbound, this game brings to the table a lot of what I wanted from it. While it still is very much an incomplete game, it offers a comfy environment to build your bases in and already enough diversity to satisfy my curiosity. If you enjoy fighting monsters, mining for resources, raiding dungeons with your friends, or just messing around then this game with its 12.99 price tag is absolutely worth it. If you have doubts, buy it now and wait for it to be finished. The team is giving regular patchs and communicating with the community."
,Recommended,238240,13173178,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,CryingSoil,"Remember this is EARY ACCESS, And considering its early access the game is already pretty good and diverse. Ive played alot since the most recent update and ive still got so much to do! At the rate the games goin atm its going from good to better in each update. Cant wait to see what the final build will bring."
,Recommended,238240,16751382,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Captain Tight Pants,"The biggest difference between this and Terraria is that the movement is nearly as good as a 2D action game. The combat is actually fun and exploring isn't as cumbersome because of it. I can't say much more about it yet, but it's promising so far."
,Not Recommended,238240,32773841,Posted: 25 June,all,ElliotB,just get starbound
,Not Recommended,238240,11001303,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Snake Wildlife,"This may change to Recommended.But in it's current state, the game was locking up fiercely. I couldnt even go past the tutorial without the game frame-locking, forcing me to close the game.My hardware runs Crysis 3 on Ultra so it being a hardware issue is out of the question. This just isnt stable."
,Not Recommended,238240,11305131,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Cornholio,"first of all, i love terrariabut this game sucks by now!!!!i really hope that the huge update, which is announced for sunday, will bring very very very many improvements!enemies spawn on places they should not spawn, its nearly impossible to hit these little ***** creatures with your basic gun....well i could complain about a lot of things, but i hope the update will bring a lot of improvements!!!!"
,Recommended,238240,18092649,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,ReploidGodX,It's a great game that got a bad wrap in early access cause people fail to understand the nature of game development.Lot's of really interesting features and more on the way.  I may be crazy but I also think the dialogue is pretty well written but maybe I'm just far too easily amused.Really though check it out and I promise you'll be surprised.
,Recommended,238240,13068549,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Hayabusa,"I need only one thing,controller support and this game will be more awesome! :D"
,Recommended,238240,13074014,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Wu Ziheng,Great game. If you loved Terraria you'll like this as well.
,Not Recommended,238240,31588537,Posted: 6 May,all,CarbonKid,Abandoned. Just get Starbound because it's actually finished and has mods.
76561198016483508,Not Recommended,238240,31548621,Posted: 4 May,all,pyromanic82,"Had promise, however was abadoned a long time ago."
,Not Recommended,238240,30931270,Posted: 3 April,all,Godlike,i want my money back.
,Not Recommended,238240,18081703,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Icymountain,"Just started playing after its so-called 'release', and honestly still feels like a beta to me. Poor UI, poor control support, poor/no tutorial. Wouldn't recommend buying it yet."
,Not Recommended,238240,18081519,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,KillerGymSox,Harvesting materials is tedious.. not fun.  The crafting system is awful.  I will stick with Terraria thanks
76561198035966134,Recommended,238240,7973960,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,protofang,
76561198009934518,Not Recommended,238240,12264599,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Abby Normal,"NEW REVIEW:Better now, still tends to be grindy and non-intuitive. If you really enjoy this type of game and/or you play it with friends you are probably going to have a good time.  Still can't completely recommend it but I am more on the fence now rather than a full thumbs down.  Try it on sale if in doubt and you likely won't be too upset if it isn't your cup of tea.Note: very involved and hard working developers.  I am sure this game will continue to improve as time goes by.__________________________________________________________________________________OLD REVIEW:OK game but quite repetitive, crafting doesn't make too much sense, i.e. use dirt and make armor, crafting button instead of 'craft' label has a 'science' label,... can you say non-intiutive?.  Early access so game not finished, world and characters deleted relatively frequently for updates.  Forced limits of exploration depth based on equipment type, i.e. can't skip equipment and just build higher levels tiers you need to plod through each level of equipment.  Never seen the cool shark and polar bear enemies advertised on the store page, just crabs on speed, flying jellies, cyborg flying brains with beaks, velociraptors, and a few others, some weird ecology going on there.Recommendation: pick up on sale but don't expect much and/or buy later when it's complete"
,Recommended,238240,18127821,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Kraken,"Maybe the starbound crowd finds this game too complex.If you're not afraid to die a lot while unraveling a great game, BUY it.It's about as good as it gets for a side-scrolling Minecraft-topia style world.It's worth every dollar."
,Recommended,238240,13535042,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,TheLonelyDinosaur,This game is beautiful. It is perfect and I hope people make more games like this.
76561198085687576,Recommended,238240,16390888,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,starseven81,This is a pretty decent title.  It's still being worked on.
,Recommended,238240,16245324,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Tecktonik Pyro,The game is easy to pick up on if you give it time and the developers are actively improving and updating the game. Just remember that the game is still in early access and there will be the possibility of save wipes.
76561198084751250,Recommended,238240,18387872,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,sonic_spoon,The developers should really add a creative mode for edge of space it would be useful to let our creativity out and to do showcases
76561198118269204,Recommended,238240,31783271,Posted: 16 May,all,flux | Jetty999,the first time i played this game it sucked. But playing it now it has improved alot and i now I can enjoy the game.
76561198094841509,Recommended,238240,9443813,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,lilballer6996,best game i have played in a long time!!!!!!!    my friends cody and mike love the connection network
,Recommended,238240,18122561,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Left 4 the Dead,"If you are Looking at this Game, I would recommed it, with a note, keep in mind their vast majority of content you will begin to notice will be once you have played this game for a few hours. many negative reviews are either early access or are less than 5 hours in. Much Like Terraria and Minecraft this game has much more than meets the eye.These Developers are noticably active, I've seen them post questions for negative reviews always seeking to better their game. They are very open with their community."
76561197966721701,Recommended,238240,13162844,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Father Ribs,"I've put about 13 hours into it at this point, and I'd say that it's definitely worth it at the current sale price.  It's obviously a work in progress so there are things that are in flux and there are tweak issues (finding particular types of elements), and what feels like a memory leak (not confirmed yet...the last hour was getting laggy and warping, but the twelve previous hours ran perfectly).I admit I was slightly cautious about picking the game up for months because the art seemed a bit ""fuzzy"" (not as crisp as some of the other similar games), but didn't seem that way when playing...maybe it was an impression I got from early gameplay videos.Gameplay is close enough to Terraria that you won't be totally lost; though there are a lot more items to craft and there's more of everything.  The variety of weapons and the distinction of the armor, etc, are a plus.The world is alien and more broken up than Terraria...morea bunch of floating islands, some of which are quite large.  I haven't played it enough to distinguish layers and there is some environmental damage mechanic which resulted in the odd death when going to far down but is still a bit mysterious in its workings.Monsters and combat are more complex and interesting.  One thing I find interesting is that somethings are neutral under certain conditions and then hostile in others (sleep mode?).  You will often be in a situation where you have to decide how you will engage because indiscriminate shooting may aggro otherwise neutral beasts or plants that will jump in your combat and make your day really bad.There is a bit of silliness, but so far the majority of the game plays pretty straight...just had the occasional polar bear with jet boots thing but otherwise seems staple scifi.So yes, I would recommend if you like this type of sandbox game and are willing to do your own research rather than have everything spoonfed in one guide.<Note:  Reservations below are describing the current gameplay experience I am having.  They are just things to note and may be addressed tommorow for all I know.  On the whole, I am enjoying the game and look forward to seeing it get the polish that will really make it shine.>My main reservation is that, especially in such a ""complex"" type game with many concepts and crafting being such a main component, that documentation is sparse.  Of course documentation is one of the last things put in a game but even the community is really light in consolidated guides (at least in English...there are other language guides that may be more fleshed out).  This isn't a reason to not pick up the game but it will get a lot easier to play when you don't need to troll forums for basic game info (ie: what are dungeons, what do you need to go there) or how do you upgrade weapons.Other more minor reservations include ""Hmmm, I build this item and put it in my base...just what does it do again?  Perhaps pop up tooltips for placed crafting stations or maybe an intergrated icon to jog the memory.Ladders, or other ways to go UP besides jump packs.Some sort of ablative heat shield/air bag for when you jump into an abyss that is many screens deep.In the crafting menu, have another grouping ""misc"" for all items that don't fit under weapons or base items or any of the other crafting subgroupings, so that when you want to craft something you don't need to scroll through the ""all"" category to find it.An interface to show you what items you can make in list form all on the screen at once (and the ability to hide items that are outdated).  Sort of a tech tree at a glance.The ability to choose how long info stays on screen before disappearing, and the ability to configure what is displayed.  IE:  I don't need to know xp as it accrues, but I would like to know when I ding a level in crafting what new recipies I had without looking through the browser.I assume XP bar fills and you get no more?  If so, maybe some sort of on-screen alert so you know to burn that XP instead of wasting time doing things with a full bar."
,Recommended,238240,18089493,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Deggis,"I bought the game when it was on Greenlight a while back, and while it has somewhat improved since then, there's still some lingering issues with the game.The gameplay itself is fairly solid. If you're familiar with other side-scrolling survival games like Terraria or StarBound, you'll be right at home. The progression system to be able to craft better items for your base and gear gives you goals to work toward. Crafting that one weapon that plows through enemies you were having trouble with is always satisfying, and having missions to clear out an enemy nest is a good change of pace from resource gathering.The biggest issue I've had with the game is the UI. Tooltips for players new to this particular game would be helpful. There are times when the screen becomes cluttered by the menus and crafting screens, and the screens themselves will become somewhat unresponsive at times after long periods of play.Regardless of the game's issues, which I hope can be fixed in future patches, this is still a fairly fun game, and it's good for a change from the other survival side-scrollers. Give it a look if you can."
,Not Recommended,238240,17781919,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Darklokey276,"Two years in Early access, released as an unfinished game and even the dev's website is gone, FB, Twitter, Kickstarter, steam accounts visually abandoned. This game has not received any other news other than the last cryptic post from the dev team. The fact that they no longer are even caring about a game such as this is sad but I don't pity the dev team, they chose to release it unfinished. I will give my pros and cons for what the game has to offer, and then I will stop caring for the game as it's clearly abandoned and DEAD.Pros+Upon entering early access, had potential and the dev team pushed out updates well enough.+The game has potential.+The game has a unique idea aside for what it's combat and gameplay is supposed to feel.Cons-Game is dead.-Game costs almost 30$.-I paid for a game that I believed had potential and the devs squandered it and now I believe this game should not exist on steam anymore.-Combat system is indeed unique, uniquely horrible.-Game relatively unfinished. Feels like it's lacking something and is defnitely lacking.-Used to have a tutorial, where the hell did it go?-For as simplistic the game looks and plays, it runs like junk on my comp compared to what it was advertised to be, similar to the game known as Terraria and hell that game runs better than this does.-MANY mechanics unclear, building mechanics weird as all hell, the game doesn't tell you to push tab to remove background walls!-Passed it's kickstarter funding and was successfully funded. This is another example that devs can fail to deliver, this lands worse than Mighty #9 and Mighty #9 compared to this game makes Mighty #9 look successful. Even though people were disappointed in it."
,Recommended,238240,18515904,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Pyrostasis,Game has come a hell of a long way since its initial release.The 1.0 release was far more enjoyable than my first impression of its initial early access state.I love the EXP system and think it brings something new to the Terraria / Starbound Genre.For a more in depth look here's my Youtube review.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rnn-nYB0rCI&index=4&list=PLkG-8HQhEXJkV0ntyKyJb-zAX7ttzL5pz
76561198116941055,Recommended,238240,18121033,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,joakim.ysing,"Really awesome game, however you should problably wait a few weeks before investing in it.The game as of 1.0 is not a game that should have been released asl the amount of buggs and unbalanced elements is more something that you would expect from a beta version and not a finished product.The devs are however very active on both forums and with removing bugs so in a few weeks this game will most likely play as intended."
,Recommended,238240,9415003,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,私はリスを私の中に感じる,Terminator + Terraria = Edge of Space
76561197969863288,Recommended,238240,9373816,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Goliat,"While it may be very similar to Starbound and Terraria this game is very annoying to play.. the tutorial will make you furious because it's so mind-bogglingly stupid.I gave up after an hour or two, became fed up with all the broken mechanics this game had to offer in its current state, I will try  in 6 months or so.Other then that this game looks promising but as of right now its nothing but annoying."
,Recommended,238240,9380937,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Big stank dick dad,"This game has been in Early Access for a while, but it's an amazing game with great potential! For all of you who like games like Terraria, Starbound and Minecraft; this is a game that will either be just as good, or be even better. Buy the game, it's worth it. As a matter of fact, get the Special Edition!EDIT: The game is out of Early Access now, and as I said, the game has all the potential. It looks beautiful, the story is nice, your character has a voice and opinion, the building mechanic is clever and the music is very nice on the ears. This still is a game worth buying. Make sure to support the team too! They're nice people!"
,Recommended,238240,13247211,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,ObliviousDuck,"I bought The edge of space when it first came out and it was absolute garbage. Like really really bad. I uninstalled after twenty minutes of playing. I was just looking around steam when i happened to hear that there were new updates, ok so no i recently downloaded the game again and got in to it. After these updates the game is actually really fun. I have clocked in over twenty some hours in already. Unfortunately most of that was offline but you should really get this game. The soundtrack is also really nice and soothing. The bad things about this game include not knowing what to do. whenever you get tutorials take them don't skip them. Or the game will ""become sucky"" so always do the tutorials"
,Not Recommended,238240,11288862,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Hek,Controls are horrible...
76561197970920246,Recommended,238240,20627774,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Tsabrock,"I've played the game off-and-on for the last couple of years, and it is a fun game.  It's Terraria or Starbound, but with better graphics.  However, the content of the game, while not terrible, is still lacking a bit, and there's still a lot of work that needs to be done.  The recent 1.0 Release I feel was a bit premature, as they actually removed some content from the game with the intent of it being added-in later (hopefully not as DLC).I tenatively rate this with a thumbs-up, but I might change this depending on how it progresses.  I've heard some rumors that some of the planned content for the game will instead be released as DLC, but until that's confirmed I won't downvote it, as I have gotten my money's worth out of the game.The easy description of this game?  Starbound with better graphics but with less content."
,Recommended,238240,20678198,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,miister-spiice,This is a great little indie game where you have to survive by shooting the nasties and  building areas to protect yourself. As well as aquiring better technology as you progress.Great fun.
76561198136267668,Recommended,238240,13214956,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,KITTYMAN9000,so far its good but i kinda was expectin a terraria mark 2 but ya know its worth the money
76561198078460923,Recommended,238240,13235742,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Mufasa,"This game is completely awesome. Starbound was great for a while, but it will never have the ""chase the dragon"" addiction this game offers with it's leveling system. If you played Ultima Online, compare it to that with more control. You spend your mined resources on data for certain skills which allow you to build nicer items in that particular field. It seems very class oriented. There's like 13 skills right now as well as 6 stats. 3 armor skills and 3 weapon skills, giving you a fair amount of customization. Your skills allow you to do things like build different vehicles, different accessory buffs, an interesting spin on animal taming where you clone different animals that each have their own separate function, specialize in gathering+passive buffs, similar to UO Alchemy an entire skill dedicated to consumables, and even a cosmetic skill to make your forts look nicer. If these developers know what's good for them, they will continue to add more skills without changing the actual skill system."
76561198067533574,Not Recommended,238240,29018756,Posted: 4 January,all,funakoshi,"abandoned, unfinished, buggy and unstable"
,Recommended,238240,18904654,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,有恃无恐,"Very well, very good. I like it. Is not friendly to the new"
76561198008745698,Not Recommended,238240,14503583,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,vonklaus,"Frustrating at first, then fun for a short while, then finally just repetive unfun same old same old. Its an open ended game that feels like it puts you in a box but with no real mission other than to try to buy better tech."
,Recommended,238240,13086958,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,REM1X,THE MUSIC THE MUSIC OMG. Just dont play the game for five minutes and relax to the amazing music of the game. Brillitan backgrounds. Love that you keep everything from the learning session.9.6/10
,Recommended,238240,10915668,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Bi4CXY,you can build a rail gun out of stone and dirt 11/10
76561198135128708,Not Recommended,238240,23770417,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,anayalater34,What I thought I was getting when I got the game was a game that played like terraria and starbound. However this is not the case. This game is a complete pile of trash. READ THE OTHER REVIEWS AS WELL. we aren't lying when we say this game isn't good
,Recommended,238240,13162719,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Dekion,"This game has a good chunk of potential. Of course, some stuff could be changed, but overall it has a good plot. It's like Terraria in some ways, aside from the content. (It has Terraria content in it, but that isnt my point.) Terraria and EoS have similarities, and those similarities are:- 2-D- Plot (This more relates to Starbound's plot, but its the basic idea.)Those are the only similarities I can see right now. They have differences; many, as a matter of fact, and some of those differences are:- EoS has people with longer legs- EoS has no servers as far as I know of- EoS involves spaceshipsThere is one thing I would like to change, although people may disagree with what I want changed, and that's ok, but you may as well continue looking. That one thing I want them to do is:Reduce complexity; this game is a bit too complex. It has a good plot, and it has a good start, but it's too complex to do. Of course, I only just started this game, but it would help if you made it simpler, and easier for players to grasp control of what they can do.Overall Rating: 7.5/10 - Acceptable"
76561197995268369,Not Recommended,238240,19674803,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Layla,"bored after 20 mins, starbound on acid feel to the game, poor intructions and just not great."
,Not Recommended,238240,20329275,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Peng,It's♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198064105773,Not Recommended,238240,17779978,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,miao,"It's like terraria, but with less features and development."
76561197990416171,Not Recommended,238240,34325917,Posted: 18 August,all,Yssago,Unfinished
,Recommended,238240,7566713,"Posted: 4 November, 2013",all,Sasha Drakovi,The game is pretty great. its a bit slow in the start as you figure out how things work and how to do things. but once you get things figured out its a pretty fun game. I would reccomend it if you enjoy games like minecraft and terraria.
76561198037223341,Recommended,238240,9381707,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,VVander,"tried eqipping items. wouldnt slot into inventory. tried dropping laser pick hoping it was a glitch. pick fell outside of space station and was lost. they just put in multiplay but the ui and other base mechanics are unintuitive and clunky. multiplay is a huge leap to add in when ur base game is essentially snake oil. and where the f**k is my free copy i can gift to a friend. it isnt in my steam inventory. fix these silly bugs. but i still put yes, get it, because it has alot of potential and if they pull their heads out of their collective nether region it will be amazing. as it is right now its about 1/10th of what starbound is and starbound is getting better every week. gunna take alot for these slackers to catch up but i'd really like to see them try and make a solid go of it."
,Recommended,238240,9413740,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Piggy,Is Terraria with space
,Recommended,238240,9566804,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Lad Blocker,"mhm, mhm,...... just what the hell am i playing? i don't know, and i may never find out, but i like it."
,Recommended,238240,9463123,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Kuro,fun
76561198024153413,Recommended,238240,10531119,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,FluFFy ToasterZ,it has space sharks10/10
76561197972671575,Not Recommended,238240,22342368,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Agrajagg,This is a dead game. Took the money and ran. Buggy as hell. DO NOT BUY!!
76561197984750701,Not Recommended,238240,14680467,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,willmore,"Very, very alpha, beware!  Do not buy this game expecing to be able to play it right now.  There is a lot of content missing or outright broken.  Several portions are completely unplayable.  Additionally, there is no promise (there actually seems to be a point of pride) that the game as it is right now will even represent the game as it eventually will be.  That takes a lot of fun out of playing it as there are so many bugs that are game ending and the bugs may never be fixed as they might change the direction of the game before they get around to fixing it.Sorry, I can't recommend this game right now."
,Recommended,238240,11336018,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Chad The Beaver,Edge of space looks like an awesome game i think it has a lot of potential cuz its still in beta but i will defentely recomend it to my friends ^_^
76561198046133576,Recommended,238240,11306915,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Ta~e,"This Game is Really cool, ive only had it for about a week and I love it already!"
76561198126201142,Recommended,238240,15619822,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Rare Pepe,i like this game :P
,Recommended,238240,11296732,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,hehe,"Edge of Space is what I consider to be ""Terraria in Space"" not Starbound.It is a little bit confusing as to what to do after the tutorial but I don't mind since it is in ""Early Access""I would recomend this game to many peopleExtremelly Fun Game ~ 9/10"
,Not Recommended,238240,25070633,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Komomo,"Bought this way back in 2013 before starbounds release. played it twice. completely forgot about it until now.This game didn't leave enough impact in 5+ hours for me to remember it, or ever feel like playing it again when I did just remember it."
,Not Recommended,238240,24143872,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,TylerDG3,One Word: Bummer
76561198118733497,Not Recommended,238240,24985347,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Soul of Cinder,"This game is awful, thats it.."
76561197971224598,Not Recommended,238240,14736766,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Cheekons,"This game shouldn't even be in early access. I just played multiplayer with a friend and with-in 5 minutes the game crashed. The in game window that notified me that the game crashed wouldn't even close. The Ok button doesn't even work. So you are forced to terminate the program to close it. I mean come on the Ok button doesn't even work.Other thing to know. Game is very unclear on what to do and how to do it. Many many many bugs.  They are constantly deleting the worlds you create so don't plan on getting very far before its deleted. So you are forced to start from the beginning again.You may say ""well the games still in early access."" Yes it is but that's no excuse. I mean the OK button doesn't even work. That's not early access that's just poor programing. They didn't even check to see if what they programed worked. They just enter code and assume it works with out checking it. That's why there are so many bug.This game has potential but the makers really need to wake up. It almost seems like they have given up on their own game. Save yourself some money and don't buy this. You will regret it. There are many way better sandbox games available that will not disappoint you like this one disappointed me. So sad to see a game that could be great frustrate me so much I don't feel like playing it anymore.Don't let the trailer fool you!!"
,Not Recommended,238240,18824279,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Bleujour,It's been released?  Oh I thought we were still in alpha.
76561197985746214,Recommended,238240,13156641,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Holistic Enemas,"yes. das gud, has filthy bugs. no matter for hairy chest me."
,Not Recommended,238240,20596482,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,White_Noise,"Just another game that I feel lost some potential.It's your typical survival game.Gather resources, build a shelter, you know the drill.That's all fine for a survival game, but this just doesn't feel... ""fun"".Not to mention the fact that hosting an actual server is kind of a pain to do."
,Not Recommended,238240,30400646,Posted: 8 March,all,Sam Church,"I like the game. I really do, despite the negative reviews I think it could've been an amazing game...but it's not. I have no idea what I'm doing. I have no idea what I'm supposed to be doing. And some things just don't seem to work. I got the Special Edition Sugar glider and it says that it's supposed to go find items for me...but the damn thing doesn't. He just sits next to me and does...nothing? I switched him for the firefox.Anyway...long story short, there doesn't seem to be a story and things are broken. I would only get it if you enjoy building and destroying for hours on end in Terraria and Starbound (But you should really just stick to Terraria and Starbound)"
76561198041266590,Recommended,238240,10989402,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,EbeenThere,i like it.... i like it alot
,Not Recommended,238240,23658918,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Serena the Rock,"Just get Terraria, It's a lot better and doesn't require as much processor power"
,Not Recommended,238240,26610588,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Nanomachines_Son,I recommend Terraria and Starbound over this game. Thought this would be more interesting since the guys from Terraria did some content for this. Sadly I was wrong. This game feels incomplete.
,Not Recommended,238240,31331573,Posted: 23 April,all,deejK,abandoned and bad and wow.
76561198326255203,Not Recommended,238240,30207094,Posted: 26 February,all,sammy,i love these game but i cant figur out how to cut down a tree
,Not Recommended,238240,33799854,Posted: 25 July,all,Azul Draconis,"Abandoned game which looked promising. Shame on the devs for taking people's money just to give us a broken, unfinished game."
76561198042838282,Not Recommended,238240,35396769,Posted: 1 October,all,Ruko,No.
76561198106207849,Not Recommended,238240,29389545,Posted: 20 January,all,Rainbow,Thought this would be good... i was wrong.
76561198148904255,Not Recommended,238240,34967069,Posted: 15 September,all,chodey dog,piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561197997419663,Not Recommended,238240,23013114,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Magothus,Very lacking in alot of stuff for a fully finished game. Spend your money else where
,Recommended,238240,10911416,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,NewFear,is game ites a must
,Not Recommended,238240,9985143,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,WontonWalrus,"This Game has the potential to be Great, But Like always with beta's buyer beware,if in the near future this game is fully finished it can be Hours of endless fun, but for now it will be a great potential of a overall excellent game."
,Not Recommended,238240,21211985,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,mew4ever23,"It's a less intuitive terraria in space.Mining is a mess. Rather than tile mining, mining is directional.Suffers from intermittent serious framerate drops."
76561198109342509,Not Recommended,238240,30332710,Posted: 5 March,all,TrueAvarus,Just skip this game
76561198030488566,Recommended,238240,9405464,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Triceppps,I can't really do anything on it at the moment witch is a shame.
76561198081297367,Not Recommended,238240,19191760,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,QuantumWolf2674,"I really REALLY want to like this game but I just feel like the game is going nowhere, Im having trouble trying to find the stuff thats in the trailer. Also, I think the world gen needs to be toned down, it needs to be more smooth. The GUI is buggy, at least for me, nd the GUI should be more smooth. Please make this game more complete. At THIS point in development, I wouldnt really recommend it but i think that if the devs fixed these problems and made a little bit more of a storyline, this game could be GREAT."
,Not Recommended,238240,19042012,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,King Toaster,plz...
,Not Recommended,238240,24563086,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,djcoolness2121 - Spooky Skele,Not a very good game in my oppionin for reasons being.1.The mining is wierd.2.You don't get much detail on what to do.3.It feels very odd in movement.I don't reccomend buying it unless on sale. *50% or over*
76561198083096527,Not Recommended,238240,24985244,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Orange Juice,i bought this game a year ago i played it and never came back until earlier this year tried to like i really did but there was just something missing it has alot of potiential to be a good game and i would try it again if it gets updated more
,Not Recommended,238240,24900669,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,巨乂丁尺丹丁卄讠匚匚,Game suck
76561198215689239,Not Recommended,238240,23174273,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,dramoreoo7,"I bought this game because I was looking for something along the lines of Terraria. This game teaches me to read the damn reviews, because it sucks. The controls are very poorly done the graphics remind me of alot of the old 8 bit games only worse. Even tho this game was super cheap(including the dlc) I wish I could get my money back. If this game was any more poorly done the makers would need to pay the players (alot) to play it. Finial piece of advice for anyone who reads this. Don't buy this game unless you are into pain. I mean WAY WAY into pain."
,Not Recommended,238240,19958805,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Evil Dave,"Controls not intuitive, no backstory or tutorial other than a talking air shark.  Mobs are OP. Screen not even in frame with the game border. Maybe with a tutorial, but prolly not even then. Zero out of 10."
,Not Recommended,238240,15071378,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Alex Louis Armstrong,"Im sure this game would be fun, if I could actually make a world and play. Currently there is no create world button in the regular version and the beta version nothing happens when I click the button. Got alot of bugs to work out"
76561197999327654,Recommended,238240,10924982,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Awesome X,
76561198027912432,Recommended,238240,11364964,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Pizzatalisman,"EDITED AS OF VERSION 0.3765, 3/31/2015I was going to leave my old review below to compare, but Steam has a character limit so I didn't. Consider this first paragraph a big ♥♥♥♥-you to whoever implemented a character limit ON REVIEWS.Now, the actual thing.First I want to acknowledge issues I had previously that have been fixed, the foremost of which is the ability to craft better weaponry. The devs clearly listened to their player community on this one, replacing the old system with a way of generating research data and using THAT progress to create better guns (and better everything else as well!)The ridiculous placeholder drops on the second biome flora have been replaced with the real deal, and though I suspect it took me about as long to get there as the last time (seeing as I have neither x,y coordinates nor a map nor my old world to reference for comparison) I found the trip less crappy for having a weapon that can KILL THINGS. This is a major improvement over the last attempt.Some of the new tools available include better saws and picks. THANK YOU, DEVS. THANK YOU SO MUCH! Being able to mine -quickly- makes generating both resources and science xp (used for science) much, much faster and more reasonable to accomplish. I am also fairly certain that either the costs of chests (in terms of aluminum) have gone down or the availability of aluminum has increased: either way, THANK YOU AGAIN. Early game resource management sucked the last time, much less so now.Combat got more fun. This is partly due to the fact that I CAN KILL THINGS NOW because my gun NO LONGER HAS TRAINING WHEELS. Seriously, I cannot say enough how this particular change makes the game better (and I also cannot say enough how confused I am that the old loot % system was used AT ALL before, eminently terrible as it is: good change is good). The enemies feel overall a bit less the same, and I genuinely live in terror of those little blue bugs in the second biome. Guh.Now for the less cool stuff.Screen shake. Cool effect, but this (like controller rumble) should always have an off switch. Making it non-optional is excessively lame to your players.Weaponry NEEDS a key that reloads it that is NOT shared with another function. Maybe the R button? Just a thought.Disabling jetpacks in headhunter temples. This is kind of awful, honestly. I have the entire rest of the game to get used to using my jetpack to maneuver, only to have to change my reflexes in the more challenging parts? Where I would dodge basically without thinking before, here I am forced to remember a change in play that IS NEVER PREFACED while in the middle of genuinely tougher combat. Let the player use the tools you've given them in game. Let them think laterally. Don't feel like you need to take away one of the most fun parts of your game to add ""challenge"": execution challenge isn't satisfying. Depth challenge is satisfying. At the very least give some warning about the change beforehand.Weapon customization needs to happen. When reload times are long, a mod to make them shorter is muy bueno. When ammo counts are small, a mod to make them bigger is muy bueno. Not having this sort of thing to replace the old random weapon stats system? No bueno.Tl;dr, The changes I've seen are massive, and merit me changing from a not recommended to a recommended. Way to go, game devs! You guys genuinely fixed things that were broken, and what I'm seeing now is much, much more enjoyable than when I bought it. High hopes, guys."
76561198082031094,Recommended,238240,12031735,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,ReverendYehino,If you like terraria this is made from the same people so their ideas are probably gonto be awsome
,Recommended,238240,15336381,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,tinyderangedgoldfish,"This is a pretty beta game, but it is fun ans I would love to see it grow into something awesome. Sadly most negative reviews are complaining that it is early access. Which is a large sign stapled to it, actually. So Most reviews are pretty much invalid, but hurt htis games rating. It is actually pretty good, and fun. You just need to know what oyu are dealing with, and waht to look for and review in a still in development game.Word to developers, keep it up. This game is marvelous."
76561198096210388,Recommended,238240,15528547,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,chrismoctopus,"I'm really liking this game. I keep thinking every time they do a patch that it's going to ruin it, but it just keeps getting cooler. Can't wait to see where it goes next!"
76561198148108629,Recommended,238240,18078764,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,StrikerJ01,there was an update that let me see the screen now i can enjoy a good game
76561198084606243,Recommended,238240,11653094,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Vineykmine_crafter,"i played the game for a bit but...playing alone is not much funbut playing on multiplayer doesn't even work and if it works you need to open port 1337 but hack i dont know how to do it by windows 8.*update*This game is a bit fun, they really improved when comparing this to the Beta.I just wish there were more quest, more NPC's and more signals of life on the planet (other than thelocals that are there... *cough*monsters*cough*)But out of all srsly improve the game a bit... because it's still a bit rough around the sides of thegame. however it is quite the site to see a game evolve, all bit a bit slow.continue the great work.I would request... more Quests, more storyline, more non harming NPC's and more map!"
76561197992077607,Recommended,238240,14734331,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,KouDy,"Edge of Space game team presents nicely polished product. Proven concept of Terraria taken to space works very nicely. Constant flow of updates ensures new content as well as bug fixes and patches that are already polishing the game despite its early access. Content is already rich in current build, more biomes are coming and planned. I personally hope for linux support which is currently not planned but there is only minor thing as it was not promised in the first place. Sound part is nothing to be ashamed of. Catchy song in main menu proves this 100%. Graphic is nice and art fits the theme very well. Interesting design of enemies should be mentioned. Where else are you going to meet bear with rocket launcher on its back or legions of crabs swarming you all directions.Early access is a big thing recently and it's up to us, gamers, to drive it in the right direction by supporting the developers who deserve it and excluding those who don't. Very responsive community management of EoS to all concerns shows how developer-community relationship should look like. This is certainly one of the best parts of the experience. Handyman Studios shows how early access should be done. By very active approach they are building nice community and nice reputation."
,Recommended,238240,18479395,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,vvrockerdox,"While I recommend fans of 2D/sandbox/crafting games try this, I myself, could not get into it. I didn't like the graphic style, the music, or the collection mechanics of the tools. There are also some bugs with respect to dominating areas and getting credit for it. I find the quirky server startup in an empty command prompt which grabs focus annoying as well.Good game, not great for me... might be great for others."
76561198264310248,Recommended,238240,20269195,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Greenie95,"Ok this game is good so far. The UI is slow, the game is a little slow to load. My computer runs it at 10-28 fps, and its super choppy sometimes then it renders itself. This game feels like terraria but a little less slower. Would I recommend it?? Eh yes an no. If you've played a game like it, then go for it."
,Recommended,238240,20818385,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,LoliPantsu,"I Kinda Liked It; It Should Have More Servers; I still like Terraria over EoS, Because of how simple it is, Along with the fact that it has servers that are still running; This game has potential, although every  where I look, I cant find a running server!"
76561198094617915,Recommended,238240,23867208,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Captain Oblivious,I recommend this game because it's not like others where when you beat the last boss it's over. You have unlock new weapons over time and it's really not a hard grind. It's really fun have been playing it for almost 3 days straight now and the fun hasn't decreased.
,Recommended,238240,20061113,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,CptLAN,"It looks like a mix between terraria and starbound but with bad graphics. The UI should be improved and some environment sprites should be reworked. We can have fun riding frogs and snails but i got too often stuck by them and they blocks my paths, it should be good if we can ride them and also passe through them (like with platforms). And last thing movements should be smoothen and more reactive.I'll will recommend this game as it got a big potential but work should be done! ;]"
76561198101718783,Recommended,238240,11570720,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,lchatys,love it though needs a different way to upgrade
,Recommended,238240,14495632,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Antitheus,"Played both Terraria and Starbound and I still don't know what to think about this game. Although it has some original concepts, it still needs loads of work. I would die for seeing the final product and I'd keep my fingers crossed for its success.Presently, game is rough, unsharpen and coarse."
,Recommended,238240,11483080,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,phontot assasin *party*,after 3 hour play EoS i think this game is dificult & dont have many basic information about crafting & too much enemy with♥♥♥♥♥♥weak gun... LoL but its fun game... make this like terraria please add much fun... TY
,Recommended,238240,12157865,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Autistic Bandit Main,This is a great game for all youse terraria and starbound fans!
,Recommended,238240,12700923,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Antagonist,It's Terraria... in space
76561198120545844,Recommended,238240,11473514,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Blue,"I Think this game should be tried by all Terraria and Starbound fans. Although it is confusingn at first, I caught on pretty fast. 3.5/5 stars"
,Recommended,238240,11556172,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,sc00T p00t33brd r3tal38r,"If you like Terraria and Starbound, This Early Access game is PERFECT for Terraria lovers. :D"
76561197985719335,Recommended,238240,12207321,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Lancer,Every update improves the game.
,Not Recommended,238240,26081722,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Periodic Memes,Too bad I lost my money. Lazier than /I/ am. That's tough to do.
,Not Recommended,238240,13539440,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,ばかおっぱい,$15.Nope.
,Not Recommended,238240,32188191,Posted: 4 June,all,Star Butterguy,"Abandonware. Another early access cash grab. We're all a bunch of suckers. DO NOT support early access games. It goes against everything gaming stood for. Back when success or failure hinged on getting it right the first time, not patching a broken game and then asking for more money."
76561198284174015,Recommended,238240,35486401,Posted: 4 October,all,"Gwyn, Lord of Dank",must have dude's cmon
76561198088934375,Not Recommended,238240,9411458,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Pablo Escobar,"Attention! Do not buy this game YET!The game is playable but unfinished. The game starts with this vague tutorial. Ofcouse, tutorials are there to help you in-game but this tutorial is kind of weird. A tutorial should show what is really good in a game. But instead of giving that to you, they give you this level of an depressive room I guess.The game plays laggy and unsmooth. It feels just like a flash game. Seriously. In the trailer you see smooth NPC's/Players, but when I bought the game and started it, it wasn't that at all. I bought the game to quick. I'm a really big fan of Terarria and when I saw this, I was completely sold. But I felt betrayed when I played the tutorial. Yes, it is an Early Access Game. But do not buy this because you thought the trailer looked ''cool'' or whatever . (Me) But I do see alot of potential in this game and I hope that the developers make a great game of it. And that is because I DO RECOMMEND this game. Developers , please make a good game of this.- Booker"
,Not Recommended,238240,7978642,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,for(;;) {sanity--},"Dont get this game, get starbound instead. Even if this is in early access, it still has barely any content that is worth mentioning because of it's lack of originality. If you do actually enjoy the game, i would wait until its finished and not waste your money now seeing as how the developer doesnt frequently update the game at all.*EDIT*Gameplay-wise:The UI and the crafting are terrible / counter-inutitive, inventory management and combat is sub par, and the atmosphere is just boring and lackluster. Music is either just ambience or just music that feels like it is someone's first time with FL studio.  There are the usually bugs gliches here and there but that is subjected to change since it is in beta."
76561198007098206,Recommended,238240,14421013,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Lolomancer,"Very intriguing crafting system. You gain exp. for crafting or mining, and you have to develope particular fields of crafting to increase it's potential. Good visual design and atmospheric sound seem fine even in beta (0.3). There are some improvements from older versions, so development goes on and that's great! ^_^"
76561198082572355,Recommended,238240,7854057,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,xXDontTOUCHmyLazerGUNXx,I have played about 2 to 3 hours and i love it i recommend this game to anyone who likes terraria and metroid
,Not Recommended,238240,28213762,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Combatmau5,Just get starbond.
,Recommended,238240,17633339,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,TOG | Fate,It's a decent game similar to Starbound or Terraria with a fairly complex upskilling system.
76561197986543956,Recommended,238240,13822605,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,BlueDragonXD,I like Edge of Space a lot. It's not my faovrite 2D sandbox but it's up there. I think it's the Devs that make playing and supporting Edge of Space worth it in the end. I have not played much Edge of Space because I have a new thing where I don't play early release game. I only give them a test run and either pass or fail them or sometimes give them more time. I did not vote positive or negative on edge of space back in the day. But I felt the game was pretty bad! But I knew it would get better. And I have watched 30 or so hours of the game in recent updates and now I can safely say that I love Edge of Space and it's great being able to listen to the Devs and see how they take both positive and negative feedback and work to improve the game.
,Recommended,238240,18091162,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Walking Dream,its great you just need to give it time
,Recommended,238240,14304616,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Mr. Bastard,"This game is ready for primetime and worth the cost, with active developers who have made a fun project.If you like Terraria, you might like this - it's not as crazy-full of content, but it doesn't have the benefit of time and money that Terraria has had.  It's fun and different enough from Terraria that it presents some unique value.There are a couple cons: balancing and game progression.  You get relatively little guidance in the overall 'purpose' of the game - what you're trying to accomplish, all the features, crafting progression, etc.  This can be annoying, especially absent a robust wiki which Terraria possesses.  Moreover, the damage done by enemies is all over the scale, and it's hard to predict how a particular tier of armor will prepare you for the next group of baddies.  Right now it feels like enemies can swarm very quickly and do crazy amounts of damage quickly."
76561198046233727,Recommended,238240,7419851,"Posted: 18 October, 2013",all,dfens00,Terraria in SPAAAAACE!
,Not Recommended,238240,12144611,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,ToxiCakeTheDeliPie,"Not to start an arguement but.. Starbound is better even though this game has more detail. If you want to get it, I warn you now it gets really boring. Its missing something and i cant quiet put my finger on it. I think it was called... trying to hard? All i see is ""Aw we missed our chance lets try to make it our best in so little time."" High detailed game, boring game play."
76561198110477094,Recommended,238240,16512897,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,ninjacat707,this is a great game its look is like terraria but a lot more advanced then it and its space i have no downsides but i think theres no mac im not sure but that is needed and easyer way to join a freinds world other ways its great and always has to have a update every mounth and bug fixes when you wait for the mounthly update i would like a space ship in space and mybe more planets that are randomly made but that will take time so this is a good game and is not a ripoff of anygame that i saw
,Not Recommended,238240,23849780,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,76561198020845329,"-Review subject to change as the game does-Pre review TL;DR:It feels like an early access game still, with aspects not fleshed out or completely/nearly goneIt STILL needs to be polished moreit STILL needs more contentAnd to top it all off, devs went dead silent and moderators were layed off despite the fact they told us""Regular post-launch updates will bring fresh new content""Pros:+Exp and upgrade system is great+The overall concepts are really nice+The backrounds on the biomes and the lighting change in each biome looks good+Tons of potentialCons:-Melee weapons are useless-You only need 2 or 3 weapons of the 20 or so ingame, the boomerang, the volter, and maybe a boson blaster-The landscape (Foreground) is a mish-mash of colors-The structures offer little to no reward and can be very out of place-Everything that isn't shield regen improving fighter armor is basically useless (From personal experience)-Out of vehicle you always remain sluggish and cumbersome flying around, jetpack tiers don't increase any speed horizontally or vertically (iirc)-Combat is sluggish feeling because of jetpacks being so slowy-Exploration is slow and unrewarding, each biome is a reskin-Last two biomes arecompletely unfinished-Multiplayer is port based and buggy (Infinite loading screens, lag, ect.)-No Terraforming or survival aspects-You see the Terraria ""Inspired"" Worm on the videos on store page? Not in the game, and to my knowledge never was-Abandoned with unfinished content-My review is still subject to change for better or worse if the game finally updates more-"
,Recommended,238240,13821256,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,DemonicShadow,Great game even if early access. If you love minecraft and terraria then you'll love this game. It does hold a certain air of difficulty in comparison to the 2. Controls are a bit hard to figure out at first but in the long run of things it's still a work in progess.
76561198120480014,Recommended,238240,13935551,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,simply goose,This game is overall pretty great. The controls are a little clunky and its kind of complicated but considering that it is in beta both things will probobly be resolved. For the most part this game is super fun and definatly worth it.
,Recommended,238240,13580723,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,voidedzreaper,"Overall I would definitely recommend this game, as of the writing of the review the game is still in Early access so i can only imagine it growing into a HUGE game, if your not to sure as to whether you should buy this yet then definitly keep it on your wishlist or follow it,I have just bought this for myself today, played a total of about 2 hours on it so far and still just learning the basics, in my opinion it does have a steep learning curve, its a game that you have to plan what your doing ahead of where you currently are, the restrictions on the crafting can seem abit unfair at times (its just making you explore more and be more active in the world your on), unlike some similar games it does have a backstory meaning it can be good for beginners and advanced players alike.Also for those wondering if they can run it, I have a pretty basic set-up that ive ran it on; 2.0ghz quadcore processor with AMD Radeon 8400 on board graphics and 6gb of ram, i can get a solid 30FPS most of the time (trees falling causes a small amount of lag,)"
76561197997396840,Not Recommended,238240,10914247,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Son of Goyo,"Fun if you like buggy Beta games. For a 3 month period or so, i couldn't even load the game without it CTD! The dev's fixed that, but it's still a long march to the finish it seems. Oh hey guys, Terreria content! C'mon, get some original ideas for Christ's sake! Pixelated avatars and a big skull boss do not make me want to re-install. Cool original content, maybe, but not re-hashed ideas borrowed from another game, pshhh!******MMORPG.com- Best Indie RPG at PAX East 2014****** <--- this bothers me, because it's NOT an RPG, and it's being rated by an MMORPG report, which furthers my distain. Firstly, it's a sandbox crafting game, with zero RPG elements. Sorry, but being in control of an avatar does not constitute, otherwise EVERY game would be an RPG. And just because you can augment items does NOT mean it's an RPG, nor is that even an element. That being said, NOT AN RPG, and it's certainly not the best, and I'm sure there were dozens at PAXE2014 lol. In order for it to be a Role Playing Game, there needs to be an implemented stroy line with varried choices offered to allow alternate paths of progression."
,Recommended,238240,13508073,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Dark Shockwave,"I like this game. Its fun and new. I wish there were more customization in the character creation. Also i wish more of my friends had it so we could play together! Or at least someone who can open a server.I think it is worth buying, although it'd be more helpful if someone walked me through the first time playing, because the Research wasn't touched on enough in the beginning"
76561197970773214,Recommended,238240,13426189,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Coraz,"This review is based on the December 2014 version of the game.  As it currently stands, it holds alot of promise, but suffers from usability problems.  For example. there is nothing you can do with your old gear - when you make new equipment, you can't salvage or sell your old items that are no longer useful, you have to delete them (or store them if you're a pack rat).  Also, the UI is still pretty rough - some recipe names don't match up to what they create.  This is a problem when you are trying to figure out where the 'crafting bench 1' recipe is, because its actually the 'computerized work bench' recipe.Overall its decently fun, but the clunkiness of the UI drove me to give up on figuring out what I needed to do next."
,Not Recommended,238240,25336131,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Slaybot22,is cancer
76561197972644480,Recommended,238240,23133527,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,apricot,"I enjoyed the game. It has a nice mix of Terraria-style exploring and base building and fast-paced Metroid-style shooting. It has vehicles, a decent progression system, quests and NPCs.Sure, it has some downsides (most annoyingly UI lag) and parts of the game feel unfinished (vehicles IMO could be much more useful than they currently are). But overall I found the game reasonably enjoyable and don't quite get all the negativity (I think it's more of a case of unmet expectations than the game being objectively bad)."
,Recommended,238240,18114947,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Vagrant|Opiumking,This game is pretty damn awesome so far. Can be a little laggy sometimes but bugs are to be expected. I can see myself putting in many hours to this game. Great indie title good job devs!
,Recommended,238240,7960240,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,OrangeHoleGaming,"Have not played for very long.  Confusing at first, but then really fun."
76561198075086484,Recommended,238240,14681438,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Crowcroft,"The game is in early access so everything is open to change. But I personally found the game to be clunky and hard to play. The game has potential and from looking at the forums I think the game will be good when it is complete, it seems like the Devs actually care about the game and I trust it will come out alright."
76561198002504732,Not Recommended,238240,17004487,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Luigi,"This game has been in early access for far too long, I don't see this ever reaching completion, at this rate, my children will actually get a decent shot at a finished game. The UI and gameplay changes so often it's like your trying a new game every month... that glitches and falls apart within minutes. (yea yea beta blah blah, how long are you allowed to stay in beta/early release?)""Terraria"" feels finished, ""Edge of Space"" looks like it's in its first  stages, but sadly it's not. The game promises a lot of potential, but it just looks awful. There are numerous amounts of graphical glitches and things that just seem out of place. The H.U.D. and game mechanics are just.... awful.Skip this one for now, until then check out ""Starbound"".(Notice how I didn't wait 1-2 hours to write my review?)"
76561198023162459,Recommended,238240,13912454,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Fb|| Bonecrusher,"I dont play this game a qhole lot, but it's one of my favorite sandbox games next to Terraria and Starbound add a pulse rifle from Aliens and make it to the top :)"
,Recommended,238240,18126656,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Eythen,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qid2aOSc2_Ethats part 2 and i felt it had more acton to show.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LWfP1PNuQ30theres part 1i guess in total it equals to amount an hr and a half of gameplay. i DID pause here and there.part 1 showcases character creation. and a few quests(tasks) to that oh so loveable shark. and me messing and learning with the controls. plus i farm a few thingspart 2 showcases me finally understanding how to upgrade and learn more stuff to craft. from there i get more dareing and start exploreing and killing off the hostile that plague the planet.after a bit of reading. i think im suppose to take over the planet and teraform it to my liking while bathing my self in the richs of all the amazing things i find.AH PS. my videos are long. i dont cut them via edit. all raw footage.overall great game. i love what the devs have done. the price is just perfect for the type of game it is. and for a game at launch. i can see atleast a few hundrend of hours in terms of time sink to get to that end game feel. as said in my videos i've only scratched the surface of unlocking stuff.i've barely even gone down 70ft into the planet. if people keep ranting that this is just another ""2d voxel clone"" just ignore them. this game is really worth having and it has that sci fi feel that i've always wanted.10/10 laser sharks with human teeth, would have him for soup if it was possible."
,Recommended,238240,13899464,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Heyman1231[T R A S H],"its a really cool game, lots of stuff. at first i was confused because after the tutorial it didnt really explain what else to do. i figured it out after a bit. its really fun once you know what to do."
,Recommended,238240,13094502,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Prototype1203,Cool
76561198037108662,Not Recommended,238240,15314608,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,13,not the worst game in the world but i engoyed starbound much more
,Recommended,238240,9076905,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Darkrium,Nice style and multiplayer availible to the public. Its a nice alternative to terraria and starbound.
,Recommended,238240,9397196,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,RyaNub brodie,bad game
,Recommended,238240,13300475,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,GingerDee,"Falling to your death has never been so fun!Devs are super helpful, upadates and patches roll out regularly.I wish they had a mini map but maybe later..it is still in beta but so far the bugs have been minor."
76561198090464075,Recommended,238240,16747300,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Supreme,"Ate my daddys chips, he got real mad;chips were pretty good still.  If i had a chip to get chips from every time i kiss a girl, i would have like 3 chips. Bet those Dang Hunks would have more then me but i dont care, there just hunks. Oh and this games♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,238240,15893173,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,SpaceDragon,a epic game 10/10
76561198068002611,Recommended,238240,17067762,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,senormom1,"Game is pretty good! I love this genre of game and yes there are others like it but edge of space has way tighter graphics. i am getting a little tired of the pixel look. i liked it for a while but now it seems lazy. Edge of space has regular updates, check the log. i have been burned on early access but with regular updates i feel like there is an end in sight. starbound has been early access for two years does not have the reguar updates this one has and is not done yet. btw i also own starbound, the only reason i mention it is the obvious comparison. my time playing is not fully represented by the amount shown. Game is creative , clever and nearly infinite in scope due to the sand box nature and mods.i also own terraria, craft the world, king arthur's gold and dig or die, as i said i like the longevity of this type of game. edge isn't up to craft the world or terreria yet but it is still young and terraria was made in 2011. so it has time to play catch up for a truly fair comparison.the best thing i can say about it is i had a free review copy but bought it anyway."
,Recommended,238240,31590960,Posted: 6 May,all,DereC,"Lol I remember when this was still in early acess. Good times when the game would delete your character every time it updated. It has evolved GREATLY over time, and I highly recommend it. Think of it as Terraria in space. Wait, it is Terraria in space (see the skeletron prime and destroyer in trailer)"
76561198032004739,Not Recommended,238240,11538331,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Varriount,"Note: This review is only for the game as of 8/2/2014The big drawback for this game is the user interface (which is so bad that I gave up after less than an hour, hence the lack of play time). At its current condition, the UI is far too complex and spread out to be used effectively. There's something like 5-10 different 'windows' that you can bring up, each with their own UI's and submenus, all of which the player must navigate in order to effectively play the game. Did I mention that the windows can only be brought up by hotkey, and have no onscreen hint as to which hotkey brings up what?Compare this to similiar games such as Starbound,  Terraria and Minecraft, which are far more streamlined in terms of UI. Starbound is the most complex out of the three, but even that has only a couple of ""main"" user windows - the inventory/equipping/status menu, and the crafting menu. Minecraft has a similar setup, with a combined inventory/equipping window and a crafting window, plus some other assorted windows depending on gameplay style. Terraria has only one ""window"", which is the inventory/crafting/equipping/status overlay that is accessed via the escape key.The graphics are ok, and the gameplay is nice, but unless the user interface gets a rework, I wouldn't recommend playing this game - you'll be stuck navigating windows, menus, and submenus half the time."
76561198111496094,Not Recommended,238240,11735638,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Lester The Molester,"Loading times are BRUTAL. I have an SSD, and it takes 4-5 mins just to load into the game.Hate the idea of mining with space lasers, and the world is 90% nothing, so you are almost certain to fall to your death every step of your life."
,Recommended,238240,13398344,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,TwigRTS,"Great concept, original, game just has a long way to go in terms of content and fixes.Patience is a virture, don't let the neg. review fool you."
76561198053401962,Recommended,238240,16925255,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,[VAC Banned[Tothetix,"some parts are rubbish, but there more to do now,the tutorials are ok, but the person who is speaking, needs to have his lines on more activers in rooms and not in sections, becasue he went to far ahead in the tutorials, that made me become confused.the game now has more gameplay; always niceonly one problem i had was that i had to compete the sharks quests to find out how to remove touchesthis game goodbut needs more content6.5/10"
76561198049592405,Not Recommended,238240,14082683,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Scooter-Tan,"This game is utter♥♥♥♥♥♥ The crafting is clunky and nonsensical, making machine rifles out of dirt and mud and other things. It is also clear that it's aping Starbound's layout but being even more irritating and difficult to use, needing to push the craft button multiple times in a specific place for it to even work. the worlds are impossible to navigate without dying from a massive fall, there is almost no character customization unless you count the person's face. And just their face.Just get starbound. This game is fugly and the enemies are nearly impossible to fight due to them being tiny and do half of your health bar's worth of damage on a hit, and utter lack of melee weapons.Now for me, the aesthetic is garbage except for maybe the backgrounds and sky of the game. It's like one of those minecraft knockoffs with 'HD' textures that look like garbage and not because of the fact it's a voxel-based sandbox world building game.Do not get this game if you are thinking of getting it over starbound."
76561198054070241,Recommended,238240,12192505,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,DarrenHungryManDinner,"I Would Have More Fun Sticking My Hand In A Tub Of Acid, Than Play This Game.10/10"
,Recommended,238240,18114510,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,kyleh,"Enjoyable game, similar to Terraria but with more guidance and better graphics overall.  I bought this game a long time ago in EA, and now that it's out of EA I'm not disappointed at all."
,Recommended,238240,18255429,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Gengar'd,I FREAKING LOVE THIS GAME
76561198005801919,Recommended,238240,18111614,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,mikec4500,This game has come a long way and is a ton of fun to play! Huge amount of content and places to discover/explore!
76561198138091769,Recommended,238240,13618593,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Shockwave,Awesome game and concept and i cant wait ti play it with my friends but  there does seem to be some glitches but it makes sense since this game is in beta
,Recommended,238240,20998782,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Thkee,Bugs bugs everywhere
,Not Recommended,238240,34978018,Posted: 15 September,all,golden jake CO2,stop looking over here for a reason to not play this game its good
76561198063256305,Recommended,238240,15823343,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,FrostedTongue,I have nothing negative to say about this game.
,Not Recommended,238240,17694030,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Deer of Troy,"Why did I buy this game, it never updatesI recommend just buying starbound and terraria, booting each on separate screens, and playing both."
76561198093377999,Recommended,238240,16110320,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,UnboundStriker,"Great game, just remember its still in early access, so don't expect everything to work when you come back after leaving the game."
76561198049546813,Recommended,238240,16464566,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,0M3AN,11/10 wtf am i doing?9/10 im ♥♥♥♥ing lost...
76561198052264187,Not Recommended,238240,18011962,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Shogun KA YO!,"Shogun wanted to love this game but my friends had to make new Characters just to get past the starting doors because it just picks if your charater is gonna be able to countinue on or be trapped forever in the starting room, but moving past all that we never gave up and made it to the end and this is what happend.The very start we all picked different things to level up so we could all contribute in a team effort to go faster together.We all built a base and struggled very hard to get our base working correctly with the power needed for each thing you place just so your stations will work so you can craft your things.We tried out mounts and found them to be the worst thing in the game to invest your resources in for every reason you can think of, you cant take them into worthless dungeons, they die forever, they cost a ton and get killed super fast and are too slow to avoid damage as well as too big to get around like you thought they would be used for but no jetpacks are the best for getting around and always will be.Dungeons are the most worthless waste of life in the game right next to Mounts, the gear you get from them is outdated the minute you can gather enough parts to make the dungeon key to enter it and the dungeons are so bugged you can't complete them most the time and the bosses are harder then the gear you have at the time to fight them to win, also most of your things dont work in the dungeon like jetpacks,mounts,doors, even entering the dungeon will some times crash your game and the doors teleport you to random locations some times making you unable to back track or even go forward or even leave the place alive so everything about it is a waste of life.and at the end of the game you find yourself grinding parts and EXP to make your medic gear as well as waiting for your carbon fibers to be made because the dang machines just decide to eat your refined metals and not make any because the game is broken and super coolent is broken in the same way as well.So in the end your friends all end up thinking the same thing as well as yourself...Explorer armor is the best along with builder just so you can progress the game and its all about trying to get as far down as you can as fast as you can and all the side stuff to explore is broken because the far right of the map crashes your game and its just boring,filled with buggs that have never been fixed and have been around since the start of this game and they seem to be ignoring the community that has been reporting these buggs, im pretty sure a team of 3 people is working on the game and the rest are streamers and sellsmen that dont work at all and just screw around on tumblr talking about their feels.  Sorry for bad English~Shogun"
76561198015476652,Not Recommended,238240,10916660,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Drahtots,"I love 2d sandbox type games but this was complete garbage. if you want somthing like this try starbound, It is still in early beta but it's still better 10x better than this"
76561198111536474,Not Recommended,238240,12104170,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,RedRock,the game is prity much starbound
,Not Recommended,238240,11942781,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Pierre the Peach 🍑,"This game is advertized to be a mix of Terraria and Starbound. Both of which I have played. Turns out, its nothing like that at all with the exception of the 2d world and that it is set in space. If you are looking for a fun mix of the two this is not your game."
,Not Recommended,238240,11027359,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,KillerKingNF,"There's nothing apparently wrong with the game. The issue is it just doesn't have the pull or interest that comes from popular games in the same or a similar genre. Games like Terraria and Starbound have an essence that this game lacks, at least  for now."
,Not Recommended,238240,11315369,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Nolag,Edge of space does not have alot of content and even with the tutorial leaves you clueless. I would say getting starbound is a better idea having tried them out both
76561198062174281,Not Recommended,238240,11387261,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Bluebarian,I no like..  Me play Terraria instead.  10/10
76561198117280483,Recommended,238240,13653524,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,monkeyjojo629,like terraria and starbound but more complex
,Recommended,238240,18310296,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Actual Physical Cringe,it's a really well made game and it's really fun to play but it is a really heavy game so lagg is not out of the question
,Not Recommended,238240,28775175,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,PotatoEater,"Do not buy this. Refund as soon that you buyed. Poor designed menu, bad game style. Easy to kill enemies.I do not recommend this."
,Not Recommended,238240,20131256,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Wolfine21 (SpookMode),Imagine starbound mixed with terrariaExcept it's horrible
,Recommended,238240,13554100,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,I'm Catbug,"this is a nice game but nit what I tought it would be.I bought the special edition but now I am thinking that it was a bad idea, I hope the game will get released.Don't let the special terraria content fool you it is not a game like terraria not even close."
76561198034674991,Not Recommended,238240,30456378,Posted: 11 March,all,Animark,This game is abandonware!Do NOT buy!Alternative game: Starbound (lots more fun +still updated)
,Not Recommended,238240,30510939,Posted: 14 March,all,EvilSmoo,No news is bad news.
,Recommended,238240,24411686,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Psych,"I have over 100 hours into this game and I've been here since Alpha.  I've played through about 3 revisions of the game, so about 40 hours or so per playthrough.  The game went thru some major changes since Alpha, and even though it's not 100% finished, and hasn't gotten any updates as of lately, it was an extremely fun game to play.  The fact it's unfinished really doesn't change much, as there's no main storyline, it's more of an exploration, creation, and upgrade game.The Penguin music alone is worth the money I paid for this game while it's on sale.  There's 3 completed biomes of enemies, thousands of items, I think like 45+ full sets of armor, 3 seperate lines with different attribute upgrades and abilities, and a bunch of alien techs to find that upgrade your passives.In short I'm completely happy with my purchase.  I hope they add more content in the future but I well got my moneys worth.  This game in alpha felt more complete then most of the crap I buy nowadays anyways.  It plays ALOT like Terraria.     I have no idea why so many haters due to one biome being unfinished, but I'd totally recommend this game, especially if you like Terraria.  Don't listen to the haters."
,Recommended,238240,8774614,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Caleb778,It is way too buggy and its hard to get started( especially for the reason that torches are unbreakable) but there is still hope in this. It is only in beta.
76561198116662410,Recommended,238240,9891893,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,oskarLOL123,awesome!!!
76561198101798473,Recommended,238240,34263245,Posted: 15 August,all,bobomonkey,this game has crazy potential but I wish the devs would focus more on it
,Recommended,238240,22032312,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,fuzytoad,"Very good game, although getting through the begining is boring and difficult to grasp tho its fun."
,Not Recommended,238240,18803611,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,YeOlSpoon,"I have never seen a jankier full release game on steam EVER. When it open, it opens a CMD window, and stops responding everytime i go to launch it. When i do get into the actal game however, after I do my best to make a somewhat good looking character, I create a world, and I'm beside some weird machine and a FLYING SHARK. They really need to come up with a better tutorial NPC. Aswell as the games art looks Half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and the world generation is terrible. 1/10"
76561198182517903,Recommended,238240,16636240,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Darkfyre,"This game is great, I love it now. Just recommending do not use resolution800x600, there are very large problems. The Dev team on this game is kind enough to help through any problems, so the game is worth it. Even if there are bugs, I bet the Devs will help remove them."
,Not Recommended,238240,23044950,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,BluShroom20,"It's been a while since I've played this game, mainly since the last update came out December 2015. What I mainly remember about this game is that it felt slow and unsatisfying.Unrelated to the game directly:At this rate I wonder if this game will reach the same fate asMagical Drop V, another buggy game that has gone YEARS without an update. Actually, this game is still more playable than that one and they at least said something. This game does not have a childhood connection like MDV does though.The only good thing about this game is the title/main theme, which you can listen tohere. If you don't like that either, this game has nothing to offer to you that hasn't been done better by others."
76561197999666497,Not Recommended,238240,23220862,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Foxy_Gnome,"Another game that got to a point and they though ""got our moneys worth, we'll just release it""... others have elaborated much of the same that I'd say so read them my recommendation is to just go and by Starbound if you want what this game is Mean't to be."
,Not Recommended,238240,25725607,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Legendairy Cow,Wish I could get a refund
,Not Recommended,238240,25219481,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,needy,kill me
76561198043800428,Not Recommended,238240,18420438,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Ass to base: The mtd story,"I got this, I think, as a part of a promotion ages ago for buying Terraria? Back when it was in open beta if I remember right.The game, now that I've bothered to redownload it, still feels like it's in an open beta, which is disheartening. There's a lot of stuff that the game doesn't tell you easily, like about upgrades, progression, zones, etc. Granted this also happens with other similar games (including Terraria), but they don't feel like you're being thrown to the wolves. It took me most of one play session to figure out how to pick up items after you put them down, because the game doesn't explain it well and most online sources don't explain it well either. It just doesn't feel like you're doing much other than occasionally jumping off ledges and falling to your death. It's written well, like the flavor text is entertaining pmuch all of the time, but I'm not playing for flavor text, I'm playing for the game.Guns and jetpacks from the start are fun but I don't know much of what to do and the game feels really glitchy for a full release, so I wouldn't really recommend this myself."
76561198061470251,Not Recommended,238240,19002297,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Blahflarah,"Like the gameplay but there is no ""story"" or guideline on what to do after the Shark guy... if there was a story id make it 8/10. but till then it's a 4/10."
,Not Recommended,238240,19080900,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,ZENDIR,"I installed/uninstalled the game many times, trying to enjoy it, hoping that every new patch would polish and improve it.Alas, I find EoS to be quite unenjoyable due to clunky animations and mediocre graphics. The animations really ruin the experience... if you have played Terraria or Starbound, well, it's nowhere near as fluid. Would not recommend."
76561197993315064,Not Recommended,238240,19157776,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Sayrthara,"Got signed up for the game from days before Steam, but it simply isnt fun - slow, borking grind, no real enemies in the first few hours, grapchis didnt improve much as well."
,Recommended,238240,13938929,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Ambedrake,"Really like the game, wish more of the crew played though."
76561198123534975,Recommended,238240,14765999,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Wolf of War,its a real cool improvement of Terraria.
,Recommended,238240,11308584,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Scrooge McDuck,So awesome and so fun 2D like terraria makes it awesome but i want the tutorial to give some more stuff! Maybe even more places and easier to craft items.
,Recommended,238240,14765653,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,GrimGrimPlayzAll I csgolive.com,im the first beta tester great game even whenb it was beta it was amazing
,Not Recommended,238240,10613614,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Tehstool,"There are some things wrong with the game right now, but they still have time to change it before the full release. I feel that the tutorial is a bit lengthy (maybe just because of the reading). There are things called crab nests that spawn crabs and both have way too much health because they can spawn in close to when you start the game.The game is not as polished as Terraria and it's not as good as Terraria. There is not that much guidance after the tutorial and it just seems that the game wasn't ready to be in an early access stage. There are very apparent things that are wrong with the game and their internal testing (if they even did any) should have picked up on it.Overall, the game seems pretty fun and I trust the creators to make this a really good game."
,Not Recommended,238240,11218612,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Kizzycocoa,"I went into Edge of Space, hoping for something of a cross between Terraria and Starbound. Unfortunately, it did not deliver.Firstly, there are several menus. too many menus, assigned to keys that you could possibly change, but why? why are there so many?Navigating story text is also a pain, and the tutorial is horrible. it conveys the controls, but the way it does it is more of a chore it has to do, ticking off parts of the game on a checklist. You don't feel like you've learned anything.Then there is death. this is perhaps my biggest axe to grind. it turns death into some complex process involving crafting a chamber, and using rods, and I just give up at that point.I spawned in, tried to slowly edge down from the top of a goddamn asteroid field it dump-ed me into really? couldn't have started with rolling hills? something normal??) and died. I had no idea what to do or how to do it.Edge of Space is a game full of potential. however, it is far, far too complicated. it has a LOT of work to do to get the gameplay user-friendly, and the death mechanic needs some serious reworking.It feels like this game is trying to be terraria 2.0, while also trying to be starbound, but not grasping what makes starbound fun. It takes the sci-fi all right, but it takes the grungy abandoned-spaceship theme. Not the adventuring and simplistic controls."
,Not Recommended,238240,10930202,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Sad Panda,"Angered the Crab gods, fell off the Earth multiple times and much confusion."
,Not Recommended,238240,11382170,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Swongstrong,"Sadly, I cannot recommend this game for a variety of reasons:1) the GUI is quite clunky, and not intuitive.2) the gameplay is choppy, and slow3) there are random words/text obviously placed in the game.I know this game is really early development, but come on! At least have some generic description of the items or dialogue! Not ""Insert Description Here""...I think the problem with this game is that it has POTENTIAL, but unfortunately the majority of the kinks have not been ironed out, and unfortunately, could be the downfall of this game.Don't get me wrong, I love Sandbox games.I love Space.I love exploration.Unfortunately, this game is way less than mediocre, and is hurting because of it.If I could rate this out of 10 stars, it would receive a 1.7/10.Please fix the problems with this game that would make it much higher in my book!I would love to review this game again, maybe in 6 months or so, but as of now, stay away from it."
,Recommended,238240,13461356,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,antideath01,there needs to be more armor and easyer mobs please add
76561198058908893,Not Recommended,238240,23233280,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,graidy baby,Was expecting a sort of Terraria in Space type of thing... this really surprised me.I honestly could not figure out what to do. I wish I got a refund earlier.
76561198137135218,Recommended,238240,20147741,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Reckted,That is awesome game ! You need to play it !
,Recommended,238240,11266910,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,C△V3RT,"I am a huge Terraria fan and just finished playing through the tutorial, I love it already. Cannot wait to see where they go with this since it is still beta. I hope they add a server list eventually instead of having to use IP's to connect to servers but other than that great job! 9/10"
76561198046476374,Recommended,238240,11266721,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Guest1536781,one of the best indie sandbox games ever! also with special terraria content out its makes it much better than ever i totaly recommed this amazing game
76561197993312307,Not Recommended,238240,19378873,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,iava_savage,"i bought this game to support an alpha developement game, and even after its final form its still pretty much garbage. so much potential and cool stuff you can almost do, but nope.  My advice? buy Terraria or starbound..."
76561198034996478,Not Recommended,238240,23028810,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,perdition_grove,"So I got this back in its EA days and thought it had promise. I thought it would be a nice game to take the place of Terraria. The game never got very good or polished and then the Devs decided to call it finished and released it. Well you can call it what you want, I guess, but finished is certainly not how I would describe this game. If you don't have Terraria, play that instead. If you've burnt out on Terraria and are looking for a replacement- run. Run as fast as you can as far as you can."
,Recommended,238240,15991907,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,kylehunter512,"I know this game is friggin' awesome, but I couldn't even get the game to start up properly. I was really looking forward to playing it."
76561198066109541,Recommended,238240,18843402,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,pliko.0987,I have played the game for around 558 hours and have really enjoyed the experience so far. The only downside is that it takes a heck of a lot of searching for some crafting items and there is little in the way of instructions on gameplay for quite a few things. This will probably change over time since this game recently came out of beta and there were a ton of changes just in the last year. The developers have done a great deal of work on the game and I appreciate all the detail in appearance and play. The game is challenging and fun. I recommend this game .
76561198209838655,Not Recommended,238240,26316841,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Cob,not gud
,Recommended,238240,26110001,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,buster nutt,Terraria's autistic cousin
,Not Recommended,238240,25795045,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Andy X,Abandonware
,Not Recommended,238240,17800045,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,xd.balls,It's garbage that the developers are charging Early Access people 2x. Save your money.
76561198071231029,Not Recommended,238240,17805581,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Rob,"Back when the game was new and fresh it ran really well. But now, it runs like very poorly. The game used to be playable and fun and I loved it, got my friends to buy it even, but now I'm lucky to get even 10 FPS which is flat out sad. Wish I could refund and buy something worth my time :/"
,Recommended,238240,3151710,"Posted: 2 September, 2013",all,Zael,Fun game that's going to be a rival to StarBound. Still a bit buggy though (like dying with an item in hand makes it stuck there)..
,Recommended,238240,9864973,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,<<{BLS}>>Macrackin,"Most complex multiplayer setup of a steam game.. If you're looking for a multiplayer game, pass this on up. To hard wasted my money of me and friends. Maybe after they make some changes?"
76561198059995557,Not Recommended,238240,30451765,Posted: 11 March,all,Dick Chappy,Just not the kind of game for me.Pros:fair Crafting systemA lot like starboundhas some bosses from terrariaCons:Every ♥♥♥♥ing thing requires DIRT to make...
76561198132830496,Not Recommended,238240,30522623,Posted: 15 March,all,Blue,"This game looks amazing and all when you look at it but there are so many ♥♥♥♥ing flaws with itFor one, the devs abandoned this gameThis game runs on unityIt just isn't funGet this game for a friend as a joke then wish you had the money back, that is all I reccomend you do with this"
,Recommended,238240,19807834,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Fuzzee45,This game is very good in general and where it really shines is the multiplayer. the only problems i see is that there are so many controls and they are really weird at the defaults. Besides that i see no reason not to get this game.
76561198008427755,Recommended,238240,14562042,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Casshern,"Good game, bit slower than Terraria or Starbound but very promising."
76561198046365544,Not Recommended,238240,18078077,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Vanilla_Tuna,"If you want to throw up watch the trailer. Bought to play with wife, played for several moments. Might play it again sometime. Glad I bought it onsale. (Just play starbound)"
,Not Recommended,238240,18077083,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,lightningefx,"I played this game and all i can say is don't waste your time, it really isn't that fun and I wish I could get my money back for it. Save your money for another game."
,Not Recommended,238240,24236083,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Matuse,"When you launch the game, it tries to take you to the developer's webpage for news. Instead of seeing the developer's webpage, you get a 404 error because this game is partially completed abandonware with terrible game balance, boring non-objectives, and a ridiculously counter-intuitive crafting system that serves little point.Terraria is less expensive, has 50 times as much content, a working map, active and engaged developers who continue to pile on new free content even years after release, and isn't a boring and ill-thought out disaster of a game.Do not buy this. I made that mistake. You don't need to repeat it."
76561198050169004,Not Recommended,238240,19085099,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Galious,"It's a game that has slightly better graphics than Starbound but none of the creativity.  There is potential so I will wait and see if it improves but for now, go back to Starbound, this game is kind of boring right now."
76561198254608925,Not Recommended,238240,25000801,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Tgp,this games quest system sucks
76561198073872843,Recommended,238240,22202237,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,PiE,"its like terraria and starbound mashed together, and with better graphics. i can understand why people dont like it. its slow and can get boring, but it can be very fun. No idea about multiplayer tho"
,Recommended,238240,22251701,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Marshmeowlow,"welp, this games seems to be still in progress,since when i played it i could not understand what first thing i shoudl of doen since there were so many things (but making armor out of dirt and stone is kinda... interesting for the sci-fi setting, kudos to that) but where are bothersome things in more in the looks, like when flying wiht a jetpack i see my feet clip in the box the sptrie was made. character hair does not really much with the... faces you give, should maybe add races or something so tha tthe hair would be individual.i hope this game is still in dev mode or else i would be dissapointed at wastng 5 buks on this game (it being kinda a rip off of every other sandbox 2D game about space, like starbound and so on)pros and cons are mixed for me as wellbut the fact that you are on one giant floating rock full of life is very interestingin conlusion, just fix the character maker and what to really do in the game (like the shark notes you in a message or something on what to do right after you got some sort of armor, since i almost accidently went on her save freind mission with out armor and would of had troubel if i did)(i will click yes since this game is kinda fun, but i would hope for a ""maybe"" button soon)"
,Recommended,238240,28292173,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Kirkless,"Takes awhile to get used to and understand, but is a fun game once you get used to it!"
,Not Recommended,238240,9390390,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Tōshirō Hitsugaya,"The key binding could be better, would be really nice if you could close the windows with ESC. Actually switching to another engine would be WAY more beneficial but if you're gonna stick to it there are bugs with the lighting. The fps is 60 when loading and then drops to 20 while gameplay. There is no obvious way to go into windowed mode, the crafting is very complicated. There are lighing bugs with the laser and while moving and/or loading the game. Fps randomly drops to atleast 5 and then goes back to 20. Things would be more convenient if you could drag the items you craft into the toolbar. Most people including myself and 2-3 of my friends who tested it can't be bothered to read the instructions so maybe shortening them a bit would be nice since even tho i had read them i still had problems understanding how to do things. Overall as of right now i would barely give it a 2/10 very disappointed if this doesn't get fixed i would label it as a waste of money."
,Not Recommended,238240,28208993,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,I Heart Gaming,"<Sigh>I liked the concept and idea of the game! But I turned out really boring.The game Is about 90% grinding, 10% of the boss, and 0% fun.I feel it could have been so much more."
,Not Recommended,238240,14715872,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Recaiden,"Do not play this game.It is incomplete and poorly executed.The developers do respond to comments.It does have a good soundtrack.  So far, it has nothing else.  It is a prime example of what is wrong with Early Access games."
76561198094821185,Recommended,238240,10920236,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Ben21432,bit hard to hard understand
76561198089192917,Recommended,238240,11293372,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,ihateyoupig,when is the whole on line gonna work?? bought it to play with froends and nothing
,Recommended,238240,14360723,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,♥Darkini blessy♥,It's fun 2D with cool items and the blocks easy-hard enemies like terraira
76561198073015417,Recommended,238240,14018475,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Cynical Zebra,"If you like Terraria, then yes this is a game to get.True, it is in the early developmental stage and there are a plethora of bugs, incomplete items, and overall balancing issues that still need to be worked out.For a game still well into its beta, i find it damn impressive that it wants me to keep playing as much as it does.Gameplay is not as smooth as i would prefer, e.g. no invinicibility frames upon taking damage, enemies ridiculously hard to hit with guns, having a ceiling on the max amount of ammo you're allowed to have for everything besides phase weapons. In all honesty, I felt that Terraria handled the ammo situation for projectile weapons very well, where you could have as much as you wanted as long as you had inventory space. Reloading of course is something they didn't incorporate but the upper limit on ammo makes projectile weapons nearly obsolete. Haven't tried energy weapons yet, hope they are better, otherwise its sticking to phase weapons forever just because of ammo constraints.Mining can be tedious, as i have not found any new ores or reasons to mine besides the fact i need resources to farm xp from the enemies flying around, and your upgraded picks dont seem to be digging that much faster.Dungeons on here are very exciting to explore, i was amazed when i first discovered the headhunters dungeon, and again when i found maps to other dungeons as you went lower.Transportation mounts, like the raptors, can't teleport with you to different command nodes, which i found to make them  not very useful since you get to them so much later in the game and need to move around between your main base and hub bases quickly.random events that happen are interesting, they are usually pretty tough, although the rewards are severly lacking. Kill x/x monsters and you get a couple blocks of some ore thats not very rare? not worth it.also can we get a map early on? exploring's a ♥♥♥♥♥ without one, even if we have to make it but make it available from a fairly early point please.I am very excited to see this game get completed, hope that this review persuades others to invest in this game and help support the developers."
,Recommended,238240,11272420,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,2K like a man--dont glitch,I can't get this thing to work... i cant set up a server... haven't been able to play it.
76561198254241603,Recommended,238240,26596469,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Supernic64,If you want a challenge then this game is for you. However you will need to do reaserch before you can the cool stuff that is shown in the trailer.
,Not Recommended,238240,25173379,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,The OVERLORD,Booooooo
,Not Recommended,238240,18584566,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Kaiser Dragon,Very odd game..
76561198023576692,Recommended,238240,18779680,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Archaeoptyrix,"I bought and played this a lot in early beta... still had a lot of fun.looking forward to seeing where this goes.  like terraria but has it's own charm.  buy it and support further development.have not tried 1.0.  dont care if its not a real game yet.  it will be someday! keep up the good work, devs."
,Recommended,238240,10192839,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,DoomBiscuit,"""fab"""
,Recommended,238240,21626165,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Sorotis,"i honestly think this is a good game besides the fact that i cant see the background, npcs, or anything else besides the block or tiles of the genertaed world."
76561197990247495,Recommended,238240,12424507,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Hotshot90,"I have mixed feelings. I can tell its good and it has tons of potential but has allot of room for improvement. I'm a big fan of Terraria and can see the relationship but well everething seems alien to me hehe.... the crafting system is kinda confusing.. Clearly the simplicity of terraria is  gone. this brings up a question as to whether intuition will work for humans in other life inhabiting planets cause this game certainly does not think so...  the starting area is so hard!I havent been able to properly host a server yet, neither has my friend ..... yes we have looked up instructions... all of them.... nothing helps... we are not cutout to be networking savy people... I'm really hoping that they do somthing to make it eassy for us common folk.I am recomending it because of its potetial and need for support. the more feed back the better right?"
,Not Recommended,238240,18526404,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,SandTag,"well i hate to say it but this is just a mess multiplayer is non-existant as it currently fails to load most of the time.Charecters are restricted to per instance/world loading (you cant have charecters in multiplayer on both you and someone elses world.) the game is very laggy often crashes even in single player. the multiplayer uses a vulnerable port that often cannot be opened/hosted while an antivirus is running or a firewall is active. finaly multiplayer isnt easy to setup as you need to know how to forward ports find your ip and other technical knowledge that most players like me lack completeley.the singleplayer lacks a story and most of all is very repetative each 3 layers adds 2 new ores.... wow.... it takes hours to actualy find most of these ores in a decent quantity and often the mobs kill you before you can mine it. talking of mobs they seem to spawn everywhere especialy in the 3rd 6th and 9th islands the 6th island is inacessable to players without armor found 3 layers deeper (that you then wouldent be able to craft) the games drop rates need a massive boost as they currently are they are far too low.the ""bosses"" in the game lack any difficulty whatsoever and additionaly drop next to nothing for your time especialy the dj penguin whose armor set may need 30~40 kills to aquire and 21 hours of my gameplay was wasted making it.the game`s mobs are no better the egnoid matiriels take hours to find also the mobs that drop them dont seem to spawn as often making it very hard to get anywhere.endgame the dungeons are nice but dont have any reward execpt 1 mob worth of science xp (not worth it) the ambient mobs eat viechles so it isnt worth crafting them especialy as they are single use.Finaly the singleplayer lacks a map and this isnt acceptable the maps is needed for the game to be minorly enjoyable as of now players just get lost in the middle of nowhere."
76561198117287132,Recommended,238240,20450307,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Toast,"Sure at first it is hard to play and a terrible game, but it's like terraria in a way; at first progress is slow, but then when you get to that certain point in the game, and Progress goes flying, so if you dont like it at first, give it a try. (and try to ignore the fact that the makers were a little jealous about starbounds attention at the time)"
76561198289990327,Not Recommended,238240,25846740,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,cheeselover,sooooooooooooooooooooo borrring
76561198153708660,Not Recommended,238240,24067038,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Lucar,Dosen't even launch10/10 would waste money on this♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,238240,30020172,Posted: 18 February,all,ThePatchWorkHoax,"It has ALOT of content but IF YOU GET TO THE END GAME you will hate yourself, I got bored on the second mission... Graphics arn't nice EVEN for a 2d game and IN EVERY GAME I PLAY I need a nice GUI this fails to GIVE ME even that...(Devs don't care about this anymore go buy Terriaria(Spelled wrong) or STARBOUND you will get ALOT more enjoyment out of them..."
76561198080506489,Not Recommended,238240,30245679,Posted: 28 February,all,dragonboy304,cant figure out what to do and the devs dissapred i want my money back
,Not Recommended,238240,24482032,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,PERSISTENT PERFECTION,"checked if this game was playable after a year, nop. It's not. too bad I can't refund it"
,Not Recommended,238240,19187955,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Xen0rage,"Still looks like beta... that game isn't fun at all. It supposed to be much better than Starbound and Terraria combined, but who cares? Bugs, eye-pinching graphics... and that slooooooooooow mining tool. Give me a pickaxe, please, I'll dig a grave for my ugly helmet at Edge of Space. Oh, look at backgroungs, don't you like tile desktop wallpapers?Seriously, just a loss of money."
76561197972638038,Not Recommended,238240,30676898,Posted: 22 March,all,Dominian,Waste of money
76561198040324687,Not Recommended,238240,19166983,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Skabs,If I wanted to recommend a game that removes your armor/items PERMANENTLY from the game when you try to move them into your inventory...Items that taken you a week to craft...then yes I would reccomend this buggy screw you over gamebecause nothing beats the feeling of being shafted after many hours of mining/grinding only to have items magically disappear without any warning whatsoever...
,Not Recommended,238240,9805010,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,teacheЯ,"I tried, i really tried to like this game. To win the battle against the horrible UI, annoying crafting system, constant dying, dull surroundings, dull music, dull combat, dull mining, dull building, dull everything. And to find the ""potential"" that people seem to be talking about. But it was a failure.I mean, what were the devs thinking? You know, ""BETA"" stage of development starts when you have an almost ready-to-go product, so you just need to eliminate bugs and test some features. Not when you have a game that's almost unplayable, AS WELL as buggy and unstable.Where do i start? The world is pretty tight, so you can only explore downwards, but since you have no way to tell what's below you, 90% of the time you'll end up falling from great height, crashing and dying on impact. Not to mention that you can't go too deep since the exposure and/or mobs will kill you there. In my book that's not ""exploring"", just pointless trial and error.You can build a base, but what's the point if you can't even respawn there? And it's not like in Terraria, where you always build a base near the surface - here you won't be able to get back up there unless you die again. And if you build it deeper, then every time you die, you'll have to go and find it again in the midst of a thousand identical floating islands. Oh yeah, and who would've guessed that these super-advanced spacefaring guys won't have a device to make a MAP of the area.So here's how your first couple of hours in EoS will look like: you'll be jumping around, searching for at least something different from the dirt\mud\clay surrounding you, trying to get deeper, but mostly falling and dying constantly. Even if you succeed, you'll see that nothing really changes down there, except for tougher and more aggressive mobs, and the exposure timer won't let you go deeper until you get better equipment. And unless you think that painfully slow mining and crafting some aluminium pants or whatever is fun, then that's it, that's your only option here - you won't have anything else to do.To make things worse the game gives you no clue on how things work and why would you need them. So i can build a GENERATOR and a COMMAND CENTER, cowabunga, now what? It won't even explain the basics. Like if you played Terraria, you know there's a difference between a block and a wall. But here, there are only ""walls"", by default functioning as blocks. You actually need to hit ""TAB"" button to be able to place your ""wall"" in the background where it belongs. Only you'll never guess it unless you stumble on it in some random guide, like i did.Yeah, whoever in the devs team is responsible for the UI deserves a bullet to the face. Why can't i place items just by dragging them from my inventory? Why do i always need to bind a hotkey to do this basic thing? Why the crafting window is so bizarre and complex? Did you see how crafting looks in Terraria? Well, look again.Probably there is some difference in the later stages of the game, but i gave up here. It's not like ""playing a game"" to me, more like trying to fix a car without any idea of what you're supposed to do. And with the wrench constantly slipping out of your hands and falling so you need to go pick it up again and again.Overall, this is my most frustrating early access experience since Project Zomboid, but at least i didn't spend my money there."
,Not Recommended,238240,9383373,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Keyofdoor,Just get Starbound.
76561198041816891,Recommended,238240,8098493,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Azure Shadow,I look forward to the future of this game and would definatly reccomend it!
76561198082512038,Recommended,238240,7915329,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Hentai Kamen,Very good game to play :D
76561198038044973,Recommended,238240,7752530,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,dragtalon,this game is epic if you like terraria you would love this game :D
,Not Recommended,238240,9443879,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Dark Nya-gician Girl,This is more broken than the US government and judicial systems combined. Even the tutorial is broken.
76561198045887118,Recommended,238240,14236129,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Omniscientguest,"I like this game, but I don't have the patience to set up a base and build. The one thing I don't like about this game is how slow the mining is, but everything else is pretty fun, with friends, of course."
,Recommended,238240,15529858,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,TheMagicConch,"At first when I started out on this game I absollutely hatted it, but I saw some potential, now a few up dates later it is one of the best games on my steam libary definatly get it now before the price gets higer"
76561198002458272,Not Recommended,238240,9374373,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Kruggsmash,hey look! Starbound but overly complex and boring!
,Recommended,238240,23863594,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Poofie Love bird,"99% of the bad reviews are from attention w hore trolls. Nothing more. Most of them have OVER 100+ hours of gameplay. (Yeah! The game must really F-king suck if they sunk 100+ hours into it Am-I-RIGHT? )Here are some facts:Game is 100% playable, and you can finish it in about 2 weeks of 8 hour days playing. (I timed my wife's second runthough, exactly 89 hours to complete on easy for an experianced player.)Multiplayer works, and YES there are a lot of people populating them. (although a large ammount of them are locked like most multi-player games of this sort).Co-Op with 3 of your friends is a blast!Neat electrical system!! You get to actually plan out your base so you get the most out of your power sources.LOTS of cool creatures with verry unique traits/attacks/funny habbits.Lots of minerals, and things to craft with! Lots of things to craft!!! Lots of Decorations so you can really personalize your base.Some of the bosses are from Terraria!!! The maker of terraria LOVES this game, and gave a blessing, and the rights to use Skeletron!!!https://www.engadget.com/2013/08/29/terraria-content-coming-to-edge-of-space-in-cross-over-event/Great music and atmosphere.Creative artists, the worlds are verry much ALIVE. and beutiful!Development is going to be starting up again as soon as the Developer takes a well earned Holiday. All of the fun is not over!! This game is not done yet!!!!The ""This game is abandoned"" troll, is an outright f-king lie."
,Not Recommended,238240,14588657,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Farshad,"A YEAR later, this game is more unplayable than it was then.  Early access shouldn't be forever from now.  You should be at the last few months."
76561198047981575,Recommended,238240,18096030,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Falko,Great game to play with your friend's
76561198047355590,Not Recommended,238240,23494487,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Has science gone TOO far?,15$ dollars alone should convince you to stay away.
,Not Recommended,238240,18079735,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Bubblegum Witch,"Edge of Space is a Terraria but sci-fi effort in the same vein as the more popular Starbound, even going as far as to include Terraria crossover content, which was one of the selling points of the game for me. It is also one of the most tedious and uninteresting games I've ever played. The basic gameplay loops are completely uninspired and dull. Terraria has wonderfully satisfying Metroidvania progression that makes slowly mining the world in order to acquire better gear and be able to defeat more difficult enemies an absolute joy to play. In the strictest sense, it's a very repetitive game, but it all feels so good that it's wonderfully engrossing. Edge of Space achieves none of that. It's a grind that just feels like a grind, and even in 1.0 is still a bit toward the wonky side, particularly the jumping mechanics.I have issues with Starbound and it also misses some of what made Terraria work, but it at least feels like there's potential there, and even still in beta it is a lot more fun than this. Edge of Space needs fundamental design overhaul and the 1.0 release really is just polishing a game that never actually worked on the most basic level. One thing I can say for it is that I don't think the graphics are as bad as some other people are making them out to be. Don't get me wrong, they're certainly not great, but I don't think they're intolerable. In a very fun game, they'd probably be fine. Unfortunately this is not a game that plays well."
,Not Recommended,238240,10932187,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Wenrare,"this game is absolute trash, it's been in a beta for over 3 years now, just recently made it to steam, to show off nothing exciting, it's lackluster, boring, clunky, and buggy. plays like a damn pre-alpha build for how long it's been on the market. i was peer pressured to buy it, spent like 6 bucks, and i feel cheated for 6 whole bucks. yeah your side mission alert things are so cool when the chest you get from beating them is unable to be opened because you suck at coding."
,Recommended,238240,18114857,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,EzekielNOR,"Lots of improvements, havin fun. :)"
76561198121141656,Recommended,238240,18108906,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Leo The Lion,i hate to sound like bhalspawn but for first time loaders without beefy computers loding times are a real ♥♥♥♥♥. but from reviews i've read its hard to start out but gameplay is amazing so don't let the difficulty or long♥♥♥♥♥load times turn ya away this game is a love child of starbound and terraria.i've played a bit longer now and the game looks like an improved terraria. BUT there is a ver very bad draw back Task and click detection are either♥♥♥♥♥♥poor or heavily delayed. its like very pre-alpha stages of devlopement bad. but if you can be patient its a great game i reccomend buying this afew years from now (9/21/2015) when its been improved better.OH and with a steram account you can get free bonus dlc from the game's co devloper
,Not Recommended,238240,23394447,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,★ Firebolt,"This game is a combination of Terraria and Starbound, but not even fun to play."
,Recommended,238240,9366849,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Rubenator,Slow Updates Great Potential
,Recommended,238240,9416784,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Σ.THD,♥♥♥♥ yes!
,Recommended,238240,23175250,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,king,"Overall:I think that in it's current state the game shows a ton of potential and has some very great features. I really like the Terraria/Starbound 2D worldcraft type gameplay and the controls/combat of this particular title does the style justice. If you're a fan of these, this game is a must-play as it is a bit more forgiving than Starbound or Terraria in some ways but also very challenging in it's own right.Positives:There is a great amount of appealing content in the game so far. The combat is a lot of fun. I like how easy it is to find and upgrade resources as well as unlocking content by simply fighting monsters and mining. Each (fighting/mining) give you exp points equally. There are also mini-dungeons you come across regularly to clear out. These in addition to deployable tower defense and other styles of mini-game dungeons adds a fun spin to the roguelike worldcraft indie style.Negative:The biggest issues I have with the game are stability issues and bugs. After initially binging on the game for several hours, I lost everything I had built due to a client crash. I still had my character and all the inventory, but the planet/area's safe file was corrupted so I had to start from a fresh new save. This made me lose all my storage and the structures/bases I had built.  Also it seems that about half the time the game has trouble deploying your character as playable into the world. Sometimes the screen is dark and everything responds, but you cannot move or take control of your avatar. It is easily fixed by a restart or two (if it happens sequentially).Neutral:This game isn't a solid world like in Terraria or Starbound. There are large open spaces inbetween land masses that you must use your jet pack to travel between while heading deeper in the map without taking damage on impact as the gravity is similar to that of earth. This I feel like has both negative and positive effects for creating elevator shafts and fast-travel between different levels. For instance, one thing I liked about terraria was creating an easily navigated mine-shaft to drop very deep very quickly, although in this you can just build a teleporter wherever you want and teleport straight to it. So it really allows you to focus on more combat if you want to.End thoughts. Worth overall. I will update my review as it is developed."
,Not Recommended,238240,23716806,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Princess Cellestia,"Unfinished, unpolished, uninstalled.  DO NOT BUY THIS!  ♥♥♥♥ the devs for screwing us and ♥♥♥♥ VALVE FOR LETTING♥♥♥♥♥♥LIKE THIS HAPPEN."
,Not Recommended,238240,11290417,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Nashrew,"Not sure yet.For an early access game it certainly shows some potential, but there are a few things that really bring it down for me.Pros:- I like the art style, characters/enemies/backgrounds all look nice.- Some character customization is nice.- Space age laser pick axe type thing with rifles to defend yourself is always promising.- Has a decent tutorial that I would have probably been 100% lost without.- I liked the quest/task system in place that was used for the tutorial. I would love to see this used a good bit in later builds of the game. Random quests/tasks/challenges while exploring the world would add a good bit of excitement for me.Cons + personal opinions/feedback:- The UI. Oh man the UI. This is the one thing that, if not updated significantly, will stop me from playing this game again. Every time I'd look for something I felt myself straining my eyes trying to discern exactly what I was looking at. Similar looking icons in inventory, small text in several places, and a very clunky and unrefined crafting menu (in a crafting game) made it so that every time I'd stop blasting things with my laser saw to go look at my loot or craft something I would grumble to myself a little bit about how I had to go back into the menus. I hope updates are coming for some of UI/menus, especially the crafting menu and/or system. Please oh please.- Also didn't care for the health/jetpack meters being on such a noisy panel up in the corner like they are. It was a hassle to try and read while running/fighting anything. I would rather just have a couple of bars or numbers above my character or some such thing so that I can see a gauge while I am looking at my character and moving about.- The [lack of] transition from day to night was so abrupt that I thought it was a bug or my game was crashing or textures had stopped drawing. Day/night is great to have, but needs to be a transition, not instant.- It seems like the way to unlock new things to craft is by collecting these little book things that give +25 or so to various crafting skills. I don't much care for that as a gating mechanic, maybe it would be better if more was available initially or if there was a better indication of how using different materials to craft the same item would make a better one. Additionally, I really didn't enjoy that I would find these little books, then have to go into my inventory, select them, equip them on my action bar, and then pull them out and use them in order to gain experience from them. Unless they are to be used for something else I am unaware of, I don't understand why they are inventory items instead of just experience type pickups that occur automatically and scroll a nice little ""+25 Furniture!"" or something over your head.I should stop rambling. There's my 2 cents.I hope some of this has been helpful if anyone's read this far. I know people compare this game to Terraria, which I have not played. It may very well be that much of what I don't like is based around Terraria's success and these elements I don't like just aren't to my tastes. If that's the case then I guess it just isn't for me - ignore all that junk above. :)My conclusion - As it exists now, several different issues come together to make a disappointing experience. I hope that is just due to it being in an early stage, and that we'll see much more polish/improvement in the next few months. I think that when/if the right things are made better the whole game could come together quite nicely."
76561198110209015,Not Recommended,238240,19475253,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Españolo trollo,"I want my $11 back, i thought this was a promising game, but alas, i was wrong."
,Recommended,238240,10057643,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,Bobby,nah
76561198118793680,Not Recommended,238240,29261837,Posted: 14 January,all,Ganderz,"It's like doing a wet fart. Nice at first, but begins to smell."
76561198071686418,Not Recommended,238240,18401004,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Negan,The game had a good start until you got kinda into it. It gets very laggy and things just glitch through walls and eneimies fly so far when you shoot them. The fun was good while it lasted.
,Not Recommended,238240,11324385,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,PHPPro,"This game is marketed like as a clone of Tererria. This is only partially true. I really like Tererria, but I don't like this game. I understand that this game is still in early development, but based on what I have seen so far it is headed down the wrong path.1. Everything is much bigger in this game. The character is bigger, the blocks are bigger, everything. This means you cannot fit as much of the game on the screen at a time, so you cannot see as far.2. There is no map. I use the map all the time in Tererria to find my way around and locate resources. One of the things I like about the map in Tererria is it shows open areas near you, so you can dig towards them. Since this game does not have a map it also does not have this ability. Finding resources is extremely difficult. I have spent hours digging around and ohly found very limited usable resources. Instead Edge of Space has a radar system that you have to craft, and beacons, which you also have to craft. Since it is so hard to find resources it is very difficult to find enough to make these items and so it is difficult to find your way around. Even with the radar, all you get is a little blip on a small radar screen to try and find your way around. This is so much less effective than having a map.3. So far I have not found any hidden treasures. In Tererria treasure chests and breakable containers are a great way to get resources and gear early in the game. This game does not have these so you have to manufacturer everything yourself. This results in the game moving a lot more slowly.4. This game does not have biomes like Tererria. For example every Tererria map has desert, jungle, forest and ocean biomes. These go along way to add variety and keep the game interesting. Since this game does not have these it gets boring really quickly. In tererria you also have weather and other events, like blood moons and such. This game does not have anything like that.5. Weapons suck. The only weapon you have is a gun and it has very limited ammo and has to take time to charge. This is a big pain because if you get attacked by a mob you quickly run out of ammo and have to run away until it charges back up. This makes figinting really difficult and not fun. In addition gun are not good close range, so if the enemies get close you will not be able to hit them. Upgrading the gun is also a slow process. You first have to get enough experience to unlock the plans for a new weapon before you can build it. Since gathering experience is slow it can take a really long time before you are able to upgrade.6. This brings me to my next dislike. The experience system is completly messed up. There are 18 different categories for experience, and upgrading them depends on which items you pick up. This means you may find a lot of upgrades for furnature, but not for weapons, which has happened to me, and so you have great items to place in your base, but really crappy items to fight with. I like Tererria much better because you only have to gather the materials and you can make anything.7. You cannot use items directly from your inventory. To use an item, even things like health and other consumable items you first have to put them in your quick bar and then switch to the item and use it. Then when you have consumed all of them it stays in your quick bar with a big red X over it. I would prefer that the item was removed from the quick bar when it was used up. Your quick bar has a very limited amout of space, only 8 slots, so you will be juggling things in a out all the time.8. Detail screens are split up into 4 different screens. In Tererria if you hit the esc key you see your inventory, weapon, item, and vanity slots and everything else. In Edge of Space you have to hit I for inventory, V for crafting, C for armor and item slots, and L for Experience. The 4 different screen also cover each other up and cannot be moved. So if you try and drap something from the inventory to the armor slot you have to juggle the two screen and make sure they are not covering each other or else it is impossible.9. The bug reporting system is lousy. When you go to submit a bug you fill out what looks like a standard email form with a place for your email, a subject, and a message. However it is extremely limited in that if you make a spelling mistake or want to go back and clarify something you cannot just use your arrows or mouse and go back to previous text. The only way to go back is to use the backspace key. This means you loose all your typed text up to where you want to change.All I can say is I am glad I bought this game on sale because if I had paid more than $5 for it I would be extremely upset. Right now I am willing to wait and see if it gets better."
,Not Recommended,238240,18984603,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Katalyst,"Pretty mediocre game, made in Unity. Lacks polish. The only reason I don't reccomend it (as an active 'dislike') is that Terraria and Starbound exist, and either one is better."
76561198047564313,Recommended,238240,17870928,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,FullestFridge,"This game is probably one of the best games I've ever played. It is filled with content from start to finish, never once have I encountered a single bug.Did the developers forget to remove the early access tag? With how developed it is, it shouldn't be early access.I mean seriously one of the best well put together games, and its replayability? Unlimited.....simply unlimited.Terraria / Starbound can simply NOT compare to a masterpiece that is this game.This game makes Terraria look like an early access piece of junk. Same with Starbound.The tutorial explains everything so well, definitely the best tutorial I've ever seen in a video game before. The tutorial alone is worth playing the 13$ for, a lot of fun to be had. And it explains everything so well, with ZERO bugs.Oh also, the combat? It is simply spectacular, tremendous, this game makes GTA 5, Mad Max, Metal Gear Solid all look like pieces of junk (compared to this game), hell any does not stand to the greatness that is Edge of Space. If I could give this game to everybody, I would, everybody deserves to play this masterpiece of a game."
,Recommended,238240,18826438,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Wordna,:)
,Recommended,238240,11249990,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Scary Monsters,it's cool and stuff I mean it's better than starbound right now (BUUUUUUURN)
76561198089330133,Recommended,238240,15673200,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Abe Foster,"I can tell you this, it has greatly improved from when I got it.  It runs pretty well on my PC.  All it needs now is more content and at least 1 melee weapon."
76561198063523254,Not Recommended,238240,9843288,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,ExFagibur,do not buy this game now. its UI is terrible and runs terrably. minimum graphics requirments are 500mb. NO!. you need much more than that. i can barely run this game at 15 fps with a 2gb graphics card. i cant even change the graphics options of this game as it instantly resets whe in game. dont buy this game in its current state. wait until it gets out of beta. just get terraria or starbound
76561198050275167,Recommended,238240,21069572,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,CancerEnhancer,"Oh god, this game is so intense, has a huge learning curve, and has bad art. I was exited to play another terraria knockoff, but it was so difficult. I had to turn off most of my applications because its a RAM-hog, plus I had to watch 5 min vids just to learn how to use the tool I spawn with. Mediocre concept, bad execution, good art style. JUST KIDDING BAD ART STYLE."
76561198044930891,Not Recommended,238240,11074408,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Xibar,"After buyin the THIRD early access game i promised myself to never again waste my money on such marketing gizmo...i failed to keep the promise and now i find myself with this pathetic excuse for a terraria clone in space. I mean, who have ever played terraria would thrill with the promise of such title in space, but this game? it has nothin in common...first..graphics, seriously, what kind of bad acid trip is that land scape? it looks like a '60 amateur hippie cd cover.second..game mechanincs, the cryo stuff is a copy of eve online or what? the gun shoots some ridicolous (and useless) shells which resemble the atom 1933 fashion, so does the laser pick...third...goin on is worse..keep your bucks with a movie with the girl next door..."
,Not Recommended,238240,11329119,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,kattahn,"I'm not a fan of this game. I bought it on sale and I am glad because I uninstalled it after beating on it for an hour. It's just YATC (Yet Another Terraria Clone). Instead of allowing the player to discover crafting recipies this game adds a grinding/research mechanic to earn them. Surprisingly this didn't add to the enjoyment for me. I don't know, there is something to be said for the simplicity of the crafting systems of Minecraft and Terraria.I give it a 5 out of 10"
,Recommended,238240,14092229,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Pinhead Larry QT,best game NA. Period.
76561198084391849,Recommended,238240,13877534,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Laurence King 20,People say that this game is like terraria but only in space it kinda of is but kinda of not it have quest and alot of planet to go to .
,Not Recommended,238240,13090636,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Corrupt,"Terrarria but with space guns!I mean what else would you want... Well there is way many more things that weigh this game down. I also got exited that it was a new start. However, I soon realized how many recipes there was in the first one that isn't in this one but that was ok. Then I started dieing by falling of the edge at the start of each life. Then I realized the starting gun couldn't kill a space crab. Then... Well you get the point this game is garbage. 3 outa 10"
76561198035601777,Not Recommended,238240,9403757,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Kingsley Barnes,Don't buy this game. It is quite literlly the worst game I have ever experienced. 24 minutes was all it took before I wanted to cover my face with a mixture of fecal matter and highly concentrated acid because then at least my final view of a wall of♥♥♥♥♥♥would be a better than the 24 minutes worth of Hitler-Pixels that I went through whilst playing this game.
,Not Recommended,238240,11554418,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,SAWRLACC,Boring and uninspired. Personally I prefer Starbound for my sidescrolling-space-crafting game.
,Recommended,238240,21571477,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Sloster,"Feels very weird in comparison to a game like terraria/starbound, and is very difficult with a very VERY slow progression path, I myself didn't enjoy it.But I'm sure it has many fun endgame items and mechanics, as I have only played it for a short period of time. so I would recommend it if you've got the patience to deal with the unexplained beginning."
76561198141130135,Recommended,238240,15677929,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,bonethief,when will you make it not a beta
76561198115931152,Not Recommended,238240,16831632,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Goldengamer8513,not the best game and very hard to get into not recomended
,Not Recommended,238240,19678345,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Dragon,"If you are looking for a game that is as good as StarBound or Terraria, let me just stop you right now.  In my opinion this may be the worst ( at the very least worst controlling ) game i have played in a very long time.  If you like this game, more power to you, but this just isn't the kinda of game that people like me can get into.P.S. - The charactor custimazation to this game is a joke"
76561198034745318,Not Recommended,238240,10928500,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Canistervac,This one's not quite done yet.
76561198070954168,Not Recommended,238240,11318981,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Biodeamon,"It had some nice concepts and ideas but quite simply, failed to excute properly. The game is a complete unorganized mess (with the map layouts, menus, spawns, and pretty much damn well everything) and the tutorials can be confusing and annoying. Even though they provide a few written tutorials I have little idea of what exactly i'm even supposed to be doing."
,Not Recommended,238240,17302189,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Daddy,i have put around 55 hours into this game to wake up one morning to start up the game and have nothing but a black screen for 6 hours like wtf this was one of my by far favorite 2d games hell i played this more then terraria to have ruined by that so plaes if any one knows how to fix that tell me but until then
76561198127432955,Recommended,238240,19104934,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Spoger [The Knight Of Cosby],good game
76561197998904967,Recommended,238240,17246057,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,braxon99,Cool Game
,Recommended,238240,17249501,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Thinzy[:3],"Editit seems they have updated the game and my, my it is way better. I cannot really be asked to continue my review but it has definetely scored that 8. If you want to read the old review just hover the cursor over the black rectangles and tadaa the old review xDI... well *pause* I can't actually get into the spirit of this game and actually talk about it (yet)... so here's the list:Good!Well you use types of guns instead of boring old toolsThere is a floating shark which I find hilariousIt is staying to the pixel format(I honestly can't think of many things...)Bad D:You're more than two blocks high which is a nightmare when trying to make houses and mines...Everytime I actually get somewhere they update it deleting my previous characters and worlds...Everything wants to kill you...It is really horrible to craft items... I mean seriously I use dirt to craft torches dafuq!?If they update this game and atleast work on some of the Bad things then I might consider changing my view of this game... I'm still recommending this game since it stays to it's pixelly style, reminds me of terraria a little (I think they helped make this game) and also because I see what they are trying to do to get more positive reviews...Anyway here is my overall score on this game: (6/10) -If they do better in the future updates I'll lift it to a 8"
76561198109905183,Not Recommended,238240,19341579,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,What're You Doing!,It feels like a flash game.
76561198168789262,Recommended,238240,18259255,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,P4R4D0X,pretty good but there are a few problemsfix the gui lag and  make it so we can connect i think its adding NAT punchthrough so yeah i still like this good concept knowledge and all that stuff though uranium is hard to find soo yeha thats a problem in my opinion because it is required for achomium
,Not Recommended,238240,30321137,Posted: 4 March,all,KynValkynaz,The only game I ever had permanently removed from my accout.
76561198043710637,Recommended,238240,18076874,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,doctorkickass,This game took a long time to get to the point where it is upon release. Still playing it but it looks like there is a ton of content and things to explore. I'm definitely encouraged that there will be further releases besides just the bug fixes. I'm very hopeful this will be a game I will be playing for a long time to come.
,Not Recommended,238240,14822268,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Bruceybaby,The menus look absolutely horrible and I couldn't even create a world... the loading bar just stopped moving. Screw this.
,Recommended,238240,13332189,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Joanne,"It's like a duplicate of starbound lol not very good xoxo, Joanne"
76561198078808390,Recommended,238240,17885755,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Beroth,Awesome game.
,Recommended,238240,26633608,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,cockwerk cock pork,it's a funny game but you should stick with terraria or starbound if you like this type of game :/
,Not Recommended,238240,11432290,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Darth Vader riding Charizard,Wish I never bought this game
,Recommended,238240,22227468,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,vmi9,It's not a bad game just missing some content but it is still worth it if on sale.
,Not Recommended,238240,9410037,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Pr0v3n,"This game's Multiplayer is very broken. Extremely broken. Has potential, but I only bought it to play with a mate; it lags immensily every time it generates, which is every 50ft or so in game. Couldn't get past the first world after the tutorial without disconnecting and uber lag. Has alot of potential, but at this stage, it's hella broken. The UI, launcher and worlds are unpolished; rendering it quite an ugly game (looks like it's made in gamemaker pro), network issues out the wahzoo; and performance issues even on the best of machines. This game could be good in the future, but for now, it's not even worth $0.99, let alone $15.00. Very dissappointing."
,Not Recommended,238240,11912616,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Koader cs.money,dont like the game
76561198096879168,Not Recommended,238240,11786547,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Luckydog,"game is very buggy no where near a complete product, but if you like starting over from scratch every few weeks this is the game for you..."
,Not Recommended,238240,13679248,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,☭ Paronfesken ☭,"Not like terraria but close, would rather play terraria."
76561198002925212,Not Recommended,238240,11352987,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Serann,"Sadly, I cannot recommend this game, especially not for 13 Euros, (yet).The game actually gives you one of the most tidious tutorials you could have, one that is unskipable for following characters, on top of that.And yet, the tutorial is absolutely worthless. You drop into a world with no goal and no idea how to unlock new technology, which is essential, to do things as simple as self-defense. You find yourself digging at a CRAWLING speed (pun intended) for materials, within an underground that is so dark, you will be wasting your huge♥♥♥♥♥torches like crazy.The wiki is pathetic and I couldn't find a website for servers.I would perhaps recommend Starbound, if they had ever sensibly lowered the price of their game, so I can recommend neither at the moment. Stick with Terraria."
,Not Recommended,238240,11340741,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,jlandgraf22,sorry that im being rude but this is the most boring game like what is the point of this game
76561198063628942,Recommended,238240,11292817,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Saej,"So far, really fun. Hope some of you, my friends, buy it."
,Recommended,238240,11274896,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,[CCMT]N.G.,Terraria 2.
76561198098789683,Recommended,238240,22779408,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Vortex_William,The game is good but needs more work the problem is no one has heard from the developers in months only one you can contact was not really a developer more of a community manager that has not even heard from the real devs in months Devs come back and continue working on the game you started its a great game just needs more patchs and more content
,Recommended,238240,20982750,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Revenant,Just Buy it if you like starbound or just want to see what is at the Edge Of Space
76561198194547138,Not Recommended,238240,20332859,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,xxxaiden,I bought it and the add onNow everytime I load up the world it takes to long and when i actually get to play it crashes. Waste of my money.
,Recommended,238240,18768596,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,robertraine420,great game
76561198165885602,Recommended,238240,28025248,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Spynedia Electrocat,"Great, underated game. Although confusing at times."
,Recommended,238240,20570504,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,HoopDaBop,"EoS is a very fun Sci-Fi title, much akin to Terraria/Starbound. If you liked those, then you will enjoy this as well."
76561198121753688,Recommended,238240,24714397,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,120cat,now i can see why pepole hate it but i think other wise this is a greate game its just hard to get your head around it at first but its really good the crafting is a bit well diffrent
76561198265835483,Recommended,238240,30640355,Posted: 20 March,all,jojolp123,it is quite fun but its quite hard to find the things you need because its only saying what recouses you need not where to get them
,Not Recommended,238240,13161264,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Oi,"Have spent 28 minutes trying to load. It loads up and I can create my avatar but when it trys to load a world, it takes forever. Do.Not.Want."
76561198110840877,Not Recommended,238240,16806786,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Big Green Mean Meme Machine,"Ok, first of all I want to say this game has alot of potential and can be the next Terraria/Starbound, but those games are so much better in content, updates and overall gameplay. Edge of Space is an ok game, but gameplay gets repetitive, updates wipe your characters (don't know if this was fixed), you won't know what to do sometimes and it does not make sense at times (Guns made out of Dirt). I would give it a 6/10."
,Not Recommended,238240,18306409,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Stoned Golem,"With games like Terraria, Starbound, Rust, DayZ, ect... this one just didn't get me up, you know?"
,Not Recommended,238240,24540056,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Kittykatman,:( this game was sad.... i hoped it would be as good as terraria... clearly i was wrong this game is 1/10000000000000000000000 as good as terraria.
,Recommended,238240,26076165,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Nova Sky Geezus Cuntree Grammur,Very cool sandobox space game. I wish for more things to come like Terraria did but its a different game. I got to say weapson galore for sure. Try it out don't past.
76561197991206366,Recommended,238240,18085950,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Xxamiss,The game in essence is a very good Terraria clone BUT after the patch 1.02 the minor bugs are still there but at least major multiplayer crashes/bugs are gone.
76561198144027438,Not Recommended,238240,23012135,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,MetaNerd,It sucks its laggy and has a really bad setup and is extreamly glitchy
,Not Recommended,238240,8906325,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Spooticus,"at this point there isnt much to do...the whole reason i bought the game was the animated logo with a sweet mech smashing the name to bits...awesome... well the mechs arent in game and will be added ""at some point""...been about two months and although there have been minor improvments and updates the game seems bland and gets stale for me rather quickly.. ill need to check back in a year or so and see if anything is improved"
,Not Recommended,238240,8066591,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,marbleSalmon,"I really want to like this game. But it has so any flaws. The progression is insanely slow and strange, very boring. And the ♥♥♥♥ing griding. Oh god the grinding, I don't mind grinding, but when you give me too much of it, and make the combat quite meh, then make some of the enemies I have to grind ♥♥♥♥ing bullet eaters, it's not fun.It looks really fun late game, but honestly I don't think it's worth the 10 or so bucks."
76561198128504189,Not Recommended,238240,12987101,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,bonebrah,"Updated Review (10/10/16): I tried to give it a chance. The only discernible difference from when I reviewed this game until now is there is just a lot more clutter on the planets. It's just not a good game and from what I can see the dev's have largely abandoned it. RIPNot worth it in it's current state. This was my first ""early access"" game before I even know what EA was, I unfortunately fell for the trap of some cool trailers and the incorporation of some Terraria elements, making me hope this was a Sci-Fi terraria.While the fundamentals are the same (a 2d minecraft), the execution is just not even close and the polish of the current state of the game is going to make me wait unto 1.0 release. Upon character creation and the 10+ minute load time (I timed it once) you're forced without choice to go through a tutorial which is extremely frustrating after a character whipe. It lays out the very basics which you then shortly forget and feel very lost in the coming gameplay moments.Building and equipment progression seems confusing and not very straight forward, it's difficult figuring out where to get some of the less common materials without just randomly digging and hoping to hit a vein and what exactly you should be building next. Unless they aren't implemented yet, the distinct biomes are non existent. I walked a bit away from my spawn point and jumped down a few ledges and started taking environmental damage. I presume this is a barrier to prevent you from digging a hole straight down (a-la terraria) and gathering the best materials within minutes of starting a new game.I'll update when the retail version is released but at this time I won't be spending anymore time with this game."
,Recommended,238240,18126994,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Draktok,It's neat. I don't understand most negative reviews TBH.
,Not Recommended,238240,8789303,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,EldritchBee,"Not very great. Incredibly confusing, and just ot very fun."
,Recommended,238240,18080360,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,PickleRickdiculous,Love this game. It is like the Terraria of Space. Highly recommend it if you like Terraria. And it's only just begun with release.
,Not Recommended,238240,32647956,Posted: 22 June,all,masterofnothing,Don't get it
76561198046136782,Not Recommended,238240,15992095,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,EoNeoGamer,"Tried it, grinded it. No real satisfying results. One of the worst sandbox games I've played. Go play Starbound instead."
,Not Recommended,238240,23298010,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Narkulus,"Incomplete, buggy and abandoned. I can remember these devs swearing they would finish and never abandon it. LOLIt is a shame though, because they were on the right track early in development, very attentive, and even had a next update countdown timer within the game. I knew things were going south when the timer was overdue, and finally removed.Another one got me, lol."
76561198053167193,Recommended,238240,7813213,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,HoboMcHerbington,Just go buy Starbound ! or stick to Terraria!
,Recommended,238240,17509972,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Crunchy Toe,Lot of people putting down negative reviews because it's not finished... that's basically what it amounts to.It's come a long way so far and the additions are great. Yes we have to wait but who cares?
76561198052579880,Not Recommended,238240,29050623,Posted: 5 January,all,Ajax,Edge of Lame... hah!
76561198087879995,Recommended,238240,9372486,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Plasma,Yea it is pretty fun so far
,Not Recommended,238240,11278611,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,waitwaht,"I got this on a sale and my only regret was getting a 4 pack of a game I now know for sure I cannot gift with a clean conscience.The early game playsnothinglike the pretty screenshots and trailers. Instead you will be hard pressed to find the necessary materials and blueprints to progress down the tech tree. Only dirt and rock as far as the eye can see. And you cannot get everywhere you can see either: radiation exposure will keep you from delving deeper unless you craft the requisite playtime-padding gear. I get the feeling this game is deliberately padding its time so as to ration the little content it seems to have.Except for the artstyle, this game is outdone by the much similar Starbound, even though this has been on Early Access for much longer. And we all know how Starbound turned out.I should have learned my lesson to not trust Early Access no more. This just buries the remaining hope I ever had for such a model."
,Not Recommended,238240,18121501,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,GucciGaga :^),i wasted 10 dollars on this game to get a complicated and confusing hard drive waster. The game seemed like it would be alright but when i got it i had no idea what to do. But then the complete version came out and it deleted my old character and wouldnt allow me to create a new one. Making the game impossible to play . I dont know if this just happened to me or not but with my experience i highly do not recommend this game.
76561198036338822,Recommended,238240,14429584,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,pupgar1212,clever and a bit like terraria if you accually needed to kill slimes >:D BUT NO MELLE Y U NO MELLE thou it's charming on it's own also you can make a rouch motel >:D... a may be a bad person :( thou i don't car i just leave it on for a bit thou just allow a much earller boss fight that you can have and better solo playV2-Review:I came back after some time its better though... Why do you get URANIUM you know ELEMENT 92 from getting enough DIRT for a random quest who even needs dirt that much though it is great also...How to kill a head hunter with no effort:Shoot arklight near it so the light lands near it wait a sec shoot it as it is being an IDIOTBack to the Review:and i bough another copy for my friend i hope this has easy house-house Play
,Not Recommended,238240,14153668,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Jakesoon Cineman,Bought the game thinking it would be good.... Its not. 1.5/10 for trying not to be terraria.
,Recommended,238240,13172380,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,K I L N K,It's just Starbound.
76561198029580481,Not Recommended,238240,11011263,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Chocolatepizza,"If you're looking for this game to be similar to Terraria, then you've came to the wrong place. This game is very little much like Terraria. The reason i bought it is because it said ""Terraria comes to space"". It's nothing more than a lie."
,Not Recommended,238240,10945523,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Validuz,Only played this when it just came out and as a big fan of terraria. I didnt like it...Starbound is way way way way better.
76561198174263267,Recommended,238240,17020242,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,ギャビー・ザ・ドッグ,its Great and great
76561197995330276,Not Recommended,238240,11007522,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Ichi,"missleading this is not a follow up to terraria, or anything to do with terraria... the shark u see here is not in the game, the offical terraria content is not working or in the game. this was released on jun 2013... i bought it on on july 2014 so far its weak dont buy. o and theres 5 achivements 4 form the tutorial 1 for join ppls server wat a joke lol piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥with terrarias name slaped on the side..."
76561198075112259,Not Recommended,238240,17258311,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,metalframe,this game needs to seriously sort itself out
76561198004769783,Recommended,238240,19457273,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Eridox,This is game is amazing with freinds dont listen to all the bad revews
,Not Recommended,238240,16141592,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,PokePepe,"This is the biggest peice of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥I have seen in my life on early access with ,for unexplainible reasons, Ok reviews.I played through the tutorial and landed in the middle of nowwhere not even knowing what to do.And without the tutorial you can not get the resources you need, basicly it wants you to rough it without being able todo anything.4/10 - Still needs alot of work"
76561198057586801,Not Recommended,238240,9462144,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Mr.Smiley,i think this game has alot of potential but its been way to buggy for me and i cant even make it past the toutorial withouth freezing. like i said has potential but still to buggy so i hope to see it improve in the future
76561197972387445,Not Recommended,238240,9400304,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,trizole,"Terrible game. None of the buttons work, and I can't even exit the tutorial. Rebinding the buttons to different keys does absolutely nothing. I've owned this 'game' for so long that I forgot I even had it, and they're still in beta.Stay away. Spend your money on something worthwhile, like a budget simulator."
,Not Recommended,238240,10913094,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Mr.Fox,Boriiiiiiiiiiiiiiiing. It's nothing like terraria and the planet you spawn on sucks so much
76561198079476362,Not Recommended,238240,9414797,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Magnus,Its a nice game and I would really like to reccomend it but in the state its in I my self think it should still be in alpha. If I were to list the bugs It would fill up a page. And to people reading this who are still going to buy it... Don't Its not worth your money If you make one mistake in the tutorial its over. Game over....
,Not Recommended,238240,14573427,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Frooby,"I tried this game, i really did.I bought this game because of the crossover event it had done with terraria and terraria is one of my favourite games, and the trailers and screenshots looked cool.However, once i had bought it it took about a few minutes to install but once i had started it up it took about 15 minutes just to load the intro level. Once i had actually started my own world i almost instantly found myself falling from a floating island into a pitch-black hole with no source of light except my mining tool's laser pointer which was next to useless. I looked around for possible solutions to this on the internet (getting out of the hole, being able to see more than 5 pixels of my surroundings at a time, etc.) but i couldn't find any good sites that really gave me a good solution.If you have bought this and expect it to be as good as terraria, please just don't waste your time on this game."
,Not Recommended,238240,17019046,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Novalight,A clunky clone of other similar games.
76561198133840982,Recommended,238240,23975375,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,robodude123,this it to much fun :) and if you like terraria get it
,Recommended,238240,30953289,Posted: 4 April,all,ExplodingSheeps,1 word....DeD
76561198039021912,Not Recommended,238240,12371224,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Poop Train Conductor,"Bought into the hype, got only disappointment. I'll check back in a few months on the progress of development, but if other Early Access projects are any indicator, it won't get that far."
76561198123562954,Not Recommended,238240,11154516,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,_IceBlade,Worst game i've ever played. My framerate was dropping to 1 and i have a good computer. Second you have no idea what to do. It gets progressively more boring. All this is expensive on the store unless you get it on a holiday or summer. Do I recomend this game? HECK NO!
76561198065290382,Not Recommended,238240,11861577,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,DaddyPls,it is♥♥♥♥♥
76561198040484626,Not Recommended,238240,10922765,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Potion Master,"Would not reccomend, look into Terraria."
,Not Recommended,238240,13986831,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Ash,I have no idea what i'm doing
76561197972263910,Not Recommended,238240,19006705,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Johnny Vegas,"Terraria clone, clunky graphics.4 / 10."
,Not Recommended,238240,11299749,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,HotDoggo,shot a jellyfish and didn't get anything 0/10
,Not Recommended,238240,10440843,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Forgan Mreeman,"I dont really like the game, i've played it for a bit in previous builds and i didnt like it. The problems are you drop things on death and it gets a bit laggy on my GTX 650 Ti and FX-6300 6 Core 3.6 Ghz. It has potential, it really does. Another problem is there arent many people who play! Only 270 reviews about and this has been out for awhile! C'mon guys, you can do better!"
76561198135552230,Not Recommended,238240,10903721,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,☯Tabby☯,i feel like i wasted my tim playing this game its soo mutch like terraria its unbelivible but i would recomend this game to people wh like terraria and want something similar but also sort of different
,Not Recommended,238240,9828868,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Chronically Depressed Virgin,"This game is not as cool as it looks. Get Starbound instead, this game is still early access and is a lot harder than starbound and terraria, I won't recomend this until it has improved, better world generating is needed and it is not r than terraria or starbound until it has improved, I really Regret buying this game. (wasted $20)"
,Not Recommended,238240,10914709,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Lompa,2/10 pepperonis I crafted a gun which took 1 hour to find the parts then i got back on (3 months later) and the gun was in standard starting items get starbound not this
76561198042056266,Recommended,238240,9403435,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Law,"maybe 30 minutes of gameplay, because refining dosnt work."
76561198035556932,Not Recommended,238240,10487440,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Crimson Dragon,"I feel like it is all graphics. They made the gameplay little more complex than what it needs to be. If you want to play this type of game I would recommend Starbound, Terraria, or Minecraft. It was disappointing for me because like I said before the gameplay was more complex with the fact that building takes to more time and things chew up such a large space to build. With the space given which I experiecened was small place to build on."
,Recommended,238240,11142731,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,"Dewey ""The Texan"" Duck Jr.","Oh my God where do I even begin.This game is figuratively a ripoff of Durarara. I think it even boasts about its ""Official Durarara Content"" even though they stole it. Unless Official means they had permission.Wait, does it mean that?Crap, it does.Well, even so, it still isn't very good. I get the feeling that the game isn't even finished sometimes! I was just walking and then it said ""Loading Chunks.""First of all: EEEW. Couldn't they get a better name for that? Like ""Loading World""? Dood, that's a hecka nasty word.B: No multiplayer cappabillty. This is what I talked about by not full game.Next: I had to get Evolve to play and it sucks. WWE Monday Night RAW says that it's sponsored by Evolve but don't get it because it sucks.IV: The mining is wway better in here than in Terria. But the crabs are dirtbags and keep almost killing me. And the inventory is too small.9/10.3 can't wait for my game to finish downloading the rest so I can actually play it in full"
,Not Recommended,238240,17543113,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Illustrio,"I would like to take this opportunity to call this game silly and bad. Terraria is better, cheaper, and the people who make it are nicer, so go get that instead.This is just not a good game, and to this day remains the one item of my library that I truly regret adding. With all others, I was intelligent about the purchase, and bought them only after careful research, playing of demos, reading of reviews etc. (or getting them in a bundle, of course)I learned these habits from my run-in with this game. I guess you should get it if you're constantly giving in to impulse buys, so that you may learn the ways of the Steam Ninja Lords.too silly, didn't read; 4/10 go buy Terraria or Creeper World 3, which is a great game"
76561198100591737,Recommended,238240,23904042,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,✪peep,"i kinda liked it but,it seems like it is hated.I liked the Terraria crossover thing or what ever happenedi have had this game since early beta not played much but it is fun"
76561198115219794,Recommended,238240,22033150,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,theultrabro,really love the game only down side is there a bit of lag and it cant be the computer i have less lag playing skyrim on my computer
,Recommended,238240,13667526,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Smidly,FRESH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,238240,18421207,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Jesse-Star,vsdxvfsvcfgzhydcnstydfg: Just ... Bu... WOW
76561198011099343,Recommended,238240,11281193,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Frisk,Legit
,Not Recommended,238240,11174912,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,iFlush,"I Can't Believe I payed 14.99$ for this last year.First of all, everything just doesn't fit in. The textures, the sounds, the mobs, literally everything. You can't even do much in the beginning, so why release it in this stage? It doesn't sound like it's a beta version. I wouldn't recommend buying this until it's fully developed and has a cheaper price."
,Not Recommended,238240,9753600,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Stephen Stills,Its a real shame that this game lacks in almost every aspect and blows more♥♥♥♥♥♥than a taiwanese hooker gameplay wise.
,Not Recommended,238240,15301777,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Poppins,Why did I let my friends convince me to buy this...
76561197970682546,Not Recommended,238240,11765073,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,JLH,"truly early access ....glad i got this on discount else id have really hard feeling now since the month pass by an the progress is so minor.... its pretty much no fun, clumsy and broken...its like an awful no-fun version of terraria with gamebreaking flaws in every aspect of the game...a true alpha...like .0001 ... with not-so-great amateurish pseudo-pixel-art (looks ...um...not-so-good).  ill check back in 6 month... maybe a year ...*sigh*"
76561197983601366,Not Recommended,238240,13138888,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,William Shakeshack,"I can't recommend this game to be honest, the game feels very unintuitive and unpolished. Of course it is in early access and various aspects of the game get improved and expanded upon but I bought this game quite a while ago and since then the progress has been rather slow, there are new refinements and added content but it usually ends in a large amount of bugs and other issues.Overall the game just feels to ""raw"" and has a lack of progress, there is no sense of progression or much to do. It's pretty bare bones at the moment and needs major work. So please, think twice before buying this game.On another note, the developers of this game seems extremely unprofessional at times as seen on the forums. Their way of talking to the customers is not acceptable in my opinion, they seem also be rather easy going instead of focusing on it. But don't let this judge your view upon the game."
,Not Recommended,238240,13595866,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,re_pancake,"I know it is alpha version, but I woundn't recomend it anyway. This is just a quick prototype, comparing to Starbound and Terraria. I still remember time, when this kind of game were free flash game of Kongregate and not $20 game on Stream."
,Recommended,238240,11287952,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Fry The Brain,"It is, what it is. I only grabbed this title for the discount that was offered. Now I see why it was discounted... I'm going to go play some CSGO"
,Recommended,238240,20683192,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Crim_Hammerlock,"a fun terraria type of game, sometimes confusing but quiet enjoyable."
,Recommended,238240,24866806,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,FuZie,♥
76561198058080721,Not Recommended,238240,18705346,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Edwardigans,Sufficiently awful
,Not Recommended,238240,22075508,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,cpt.burrito,never got special edition items extremely upset
,Not Recommended,238240,12182987,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Malice Jack,"This may Be Basis, but I bought the game purely based on Multiplayer and finding out that its not there with out making a server etc< i might as well go back to play a modded minecraft for the hassle"
76561198139425561,Not Recommended,238240,21510036,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Alexander Anderson,meh...
76561198135667714,Not Recommended,238240,17515202,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Uncle Chris,"This is a game that was advertised to be like Terraria and Starbound but dosent feel like either, but i like some of the concepts. I know its in beta so i cant be too critical but i would like to see some of these cons fixed in the future...Cons--Plays like 20-30 fps, needs smoother animations-There is no on screen toolbar without pulling up a window-Some of the colors are off putting and too vibrant-Enimies can be very difficult to fight-Landscape is too scattered-Needs more explorable dungeons and different landscapes to feel that real sense of exploration that  Terraria and Starbound hadPros--Interesting Enviorments-Cool Weapons and Armor-Unique and Interesting Art StyleThere is some things this game does do really good at, but more that it does not. It almost feels like it's trying to hard to be like Starbound/Terraria and it's failing to be. I think this game has potential but at the moment is just does not stack up to what i expected it to be, so i cant recomend this game :("
76561198026029969,Not Recommended,238240,17201812,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,=PiT= Kimahri,Lots of crashes. I haven't even been able to get an hours worth of gameplay with the amount of crashes this game has... I've owned it for about a year or two and still nothing has changed.... Can I have my money back now?
76561197993053007,Not Recommended,238240,20366721,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,elric1976,Im sorry but I bought this game and imidiately got a refund. The controls are clunky and its difficult to know what your really supposed to do. I can not recomend this game. I know that the developers work hard and are passionate about what they do but this title just isnt good.
,Not Recommended,238240,9403563,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Viral,──────────────────────▄█▀▀▀▀▀█▄────────────▄▄▄▄▄───█▀────────▀█───────────█────▀█▄█───────────▀█─────────██───────█──────▄▄──────█────────█──────────█─▄▄▀▀──▀▀▀▀───█───────█───────────█────▀▀▄▄▄▀▀───█──────▐─────────────█─────────────█──────▐─────────────█─▀▀▀▄────▄───█──────▐─────────────█─────▀──▀─▀▄─█──────▐─────────────█─███▄────────█──────▐─────────────█────▀────██─▐──────▐─────────────█───────▄─────█▄▄──────▐────────────█─────────▌────██─▌──────▐─────────────█───▄▀─▄─▌───█───▌───────█────────────█────▀──▀───█────▌────────█────────────█───▄▄▄▄──█─────▌──────▄▀▀▄───▌───────██───────█▌─────▌────▄▀────█──▌────────▀▀█████▀▀──────▌──▄▀───────███▌──────────▌───────────▌▄▀────────────█─────────────────────██───────▄██▀▀▀▀─────────────────────▌█─────▄██▄──────────────────────────▌█────────▀▄──────▄▀▀▀▀▄────────────██──────────▀▄──▄▀──▄▄▄▀────────────▌▀▄───────────▀▀────█───────────────▌█─▀▄────────────────▀▀▀▀▀▄─────────▌█───▀▄▄───────────────▄▄▄▀─────────▌
76561198016798988,Not Recommended,238240,9402824,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Ghost,"Where do I begin? I've never seen something so F'd-up, I know it’s in beta but come on. Upon install and running the game for the first time problems are apparent. First AVG flags the .exe as a severity high then the game crashes several times and causes other software locally to respond odd or not work at all. I uninstalled but problems are still apparent on my PC. Steam is now crashing which it hasn’t done in years. I would NOT spend a dime on this game. Wait for the finished or better yet move on to others of a similar type."
,Not Recommended,238240,30518620,Posted: 14 March,all,shadowknight6,wtf it wont open!!
,Recommended,238240,24529588,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,THE WALRUS!,this is a solid game its like scify terraria. there is still VERRY MUCH to be done. other than that im still waiting on the special edition items. OTHER THAT THAT you haft to pay attention to how to do things.
,Recommended,238240,24547529,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Philip Screwdriver,This 'Game' Is gooooooooodPaid Review
,Not Recommended,238240,13851267,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Lord_Byron,this game i thought would be really cool because i love terraria but instead this game is extremely bad because it freezes and crashes and is nothing like terraria. do not waist your money. i would not recomend this game do to how porly it was made!
,Not Recommended,238240,10363892,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Slug++,"good idea, but don't buy into it yet. BROKEN AS HELL. i can't even keep a game running for more than 10 minutes before something breaks completely."
,Recommended,238240,20437863,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Palyndol,Not a bad game for the stage it is in. Only problem I really had was how loud the game is. My friends and I are a bit scared to actually launch this game at times because of how loud it is.
,Not Recommended,238240,14791236,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,berzerkdeth,Just... no. It won't scratch that itch you are looking for.
,Recommended,238240,24337300,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,inferno,Its really Good if you dont have a ba dpc like me
,Recommended,238240,17952875,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Hollow,This game is freakin great. Buy it!
,Not Recommended,238240,9421351,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Zarphus,"the ""beta"" aspect is VERY evident here. right from the start, the intro videos have been butchered and ruined by horrible artifacting and pixelization. the UI is in terrible shape, and it has you reaching all over the keyboard way too often for various menus and functions, where things like right click, shift click, and altclick, are almost never used. its possible to pretty much trap yourself in the tutorial before it teaches you wiring, too, requiring you to start a new game. i dont reccomend it *yet* but if i see a lot of changes during development to improve the look, and make it more user friendly and intuitive, that opinion is open to change."
76561198060822572,Not Recommended,238240,9410714,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,BaChomp,"It's not a bad game, but I couldn't get into it.  Obviously I don't have much play time on it, but if it looks interesting to you Starbound or Terraria would be a better choice.  I prefer Starbound, it was a good game when I got it and it's just getting better.  Like I said it's not a bad game, but there are better ones out there."
,Not Recommended,238240,9834959,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,BigMcLargeHuge,"it hurts to play this, when i heard it had terraria content i bought it thinking it be a good exspreince, the terrain genoration is litearly just tons of flying boulders so you are most likely to die from fall damage at the start then mobsalso the mobs can spawn anyware, and i do mean anyware i built my own house and the only sapce i had around me was a 1x4 block, i went afk only to return to be incapasitated ebacuse 4 mobs spawned next to me in a well lit room, its a anoying system.progression is hinderd not beacuse of difficult mobs but just gameplay itself.terrain is clunky, mobs are terrible at just being there (not difficulty), and yes the tuturial does not exsplain things properly.only hope in the future they sort this stuff out but its not worth the £9.99 i payed for and certainly not the $14.99 for the final product if it reamins in this state."
76561198092448295,Not Recommended,238240,9415720,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,JulioFerrball,I just didnt think it was fun. It was okay but very confusing I just dont understand Its too much of a hassle.
,Not Recommended,238240,10620201,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,yung hung bad boy,I love this game but is is too broken to be on steam. I've had 2 worlds currupted and the enemies are almost impossible to kill with the first gun they give you.
76561197971655166,Not Recommended,238240,9415213,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Uncle Ernie's Adventure Basement,"Very few enemy types, almost no progression, and just about everything's broken. I wouldn't recommend buying this at all."
,Not Recommended,238240,9411241,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Conch Prophet,"This game is VERY VERY unpolished, i understand that beta is beta but this is just bad. The game starts you off with a gun that does hardly any damage and isnt accurate and gives you NO information on how to get a better gun. I sat for what felt like 5 minutes shooting one enemy. Also there is a system when you die, you use cryorods. You get 10 cryorods at the start and use one upon death, when you run out your character gets a stacking debuff that makes you weaker. To remove that debuff you need to use cryorods which the game once again fails to inform you on how to get more. I felt cheated out of my money.Wait for the finished game, right now it isnt even fun."
76561198043836520,Not Recommended,238240,19946481,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,bacardiguy21,waste of time...it does not bring anything to the table.
76561198169895003,Not Recommended,238240,19928799,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,EvilWestleyTBH,"I downloaded this game, played it, oh wait, IT DOESN'T LOAD! I don't know wtf happened."
76561198079258724,Not Recommended,238240,18334798,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,SHIZZZZZZZZZAAAAAAAA,"lmao, so I guess I own this game. Fun times."
76561198027298307,Not Recommended,238240,9628678,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,Gwave Lowd,The title screen music is generic to the point of making your ears bleed.3/10 Wouldn't jerk it again.Go play Signs of Life or something...
76561198025467035,Not Recommended,238240,13089480,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,GamerEX,"So. I played this game for an hour or so about 6 months ago. Then, in the same day, played some multiplayer. It was then I realized how early the game was in developement still. So we didn't play it for a few months. After giving it a second try. We found out not much had been done. Don't buy this. Its not worth the head ache. The game has the nerve to compare it self to Terraria and offer so, so much less then it. But then want more then Terraria costs. I am a firm believer that early access games are a plague on PC gaming. This experience has confirmed that. Paying for beta? Get that♥♥♥♥♥♥out of here."
,Not Recommended,238240,12453268,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Bobson Dugnutt,"played it after playing terraria and nothing feels right. The UI feels awkward and clunky, and the physics just feel wrong. I guess its not for me."
76561198012243217,Not Recommended,238240,9388457,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Smithy,completely awful.
,Not Recommended,238240,9670578,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Xavier,"The game is♥♥♥♥♥♥- it took me a half an hour to get to the point that it felt like a game and not a recorded video-the UI is garbage-the keybindings need to be customizable- the video on the steam page makes it seem like terraria in space, but the building is difficult, the crafting is difficult, the combat is difficult, even the digging is difficult-the tools and weapons suck until you have played the game for hours straitDO NOT BUY THIS GAME. IT IS NOWHERE NEAR ENJOYABLE!!!!!!!"
76561198049017979,Not Recommended,238240,17197951,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,MurdersBane,"EDITED:7/24/15wanting original backers to REBUY♥♥♥♥♥♥we where promised is UNHEARD OF!!!!.we payed for this ♥♥♥♥ing game we dont  want to PAY to get content not unlocked in an EA ♥♥♥♥ing game.The devs(scammers) say in the same ♥♥♥♥ing post that they arent creating content related dlc yet they are creating content related DLC for an UNFINISHED game.they say its to ""support them"" yet we already supported them by BUYING THEIR ♥♥♥♥ING GAME. i bought this game when it first came out on steam and its STILL nothing close to the game/games it trys to imitate and make better. and the devs are now showing their true colors.#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorWe're not created content related DLC for an unfinished game. The Special Edition has one purpose: It allows for those who wish to show extra support for the game to do so. While you feel negatively toward the game, others don't share your opinion, and have been very excited to score some extra items while showing they were behind us.Just like all the knock offs before it this game has failed to even come close to the original.... which is sad because the promises the devs made for this game and how it looked like it would shape up to be would have made this game amazin :("
76561198121049603,Recommended,238240,20494530,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Purple Cherrys,"Ok......The review.......Mixed?????Before anyone else bashes this game more for being ""Terrible"" hear me out, this game was released September 17, 2015 which I remind you this game before hand had been worked on for a consecutive 4 years before its release.The reason I bring the release date up is that the popular game ""Starbound"" came out on Dec 4, 2013 and yet it has yet to have come out of early access.To remind you Edge of space yet it came out earlier got out of early access faster then ""Starbound"".Another important issue to point out is how people after buying The ""Edge of Space Special Edition"" complained about not getting the content immediately, let me remind you that a game is very difficult to program and create a whole new game from scratch,Oh yea and if you want to see how much was put into this game look at the The ""Edge of Space The Journey through early access"" image.I am one of the not many people on steam who will accept any game no matter what it is . In my oppinion this game is great because it has just the right amount of content.A message to everyone on steam before you rate a game think about how it took this person or team hours of their own time to create the game you are criticizing."
76561198080725747,Not Recommended,238240,16071573,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,PhaylogenX,"Go get Terrariaif you already have that, go get starboundif you already have both...go play themAs it stands, this is not worth you time and/or money"
,Recommended,238240,28999247,Posted: 3 January,all,OlafPawbelt,"Dunno why people hate this game, the little i have played it aint that bad, i think more people was way to overhyped and thought it would be something like terraria but in a bigger form, i would reccomend this game to everyone who like the silly humor and maybe even like the way you play it. If you have played terraria or starbound you will have fun"
76561198132208278,Not Recommended,238240,18085398,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Sprayface,i do not reccomend
,Not Recommended,238240,18086201,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Hikelos,"I've heard a lot of people express their fear that this game might become another Starbound- to those people i can say that they put out a different trick, which in the end yields the same result.You see, the game is in ""1.0"", it's a released game, however the amount of bugs and the complete lack of any form of polish will make you think you're playing a tech-Alpha.It's an unfinished game, and that's really all i can say.I've had people tell me the devs are actually nice guys and that they put a lot of work into the game, that they're dedicated and have been steadily developing ever since the game was announced, but i honestly can't see how someone dedicated to their work could put out something like this for the world to experience and associate with them.However if that really is the case, i'm sorry for the harsh review and i hope to see something better from them sometime soon."
,Not Recommended,238240,9558464,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Kuroshi,"Not recommended, this game is not really user friendly, A LOT of reading, the controls are REALLY crap, no drag and drop onto the hotkeys and all, if you want a good game i would suggest Starbound, a LOT more user friendly and better. Even though it is in EARLY access, Starbound is the same and it's better! I'll give it some time and see about my review later."
76561198087495368,Not Recommended,238240,23352950,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,DarkBlueSeaDragon,UNPLAYABLEimposible to start becouse of lack of directions and hard to monuver inventory tabs.
76561198176891026,Not Recommended,238240,23899177,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,PunkGuy,BAD GAME!!! NOT FUN AT ALL!!! BOUGHT WITH  FREINDS' AND NOW THEY HATE ME!!!! JUST BUY TERRARIA GUY!!!
76561197994056558,Not Recommended,238240,11274930,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,M M,"Terraria in space you may be thinking, except Terraria was actually a freaking amazing game. This game is a farce, and it requires so much TLC to live up to Terraria it's ♥♥♥♥ing pitiful and obnoxious. Where is the progression system that actually makes sense? Where are the melee weapons? Where are the chests in the world full of all sorts of random goodies? Where are the bosses and any goddam thing that's fun? The game world just feels empty as all hell. Starbound is also way the hell more satisfying.Don't waste your money on this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t."
,Not Recommended,238240,15735486,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Paigeflame,This game is overly complicated in places that it does not need to be. If you want a good space adventure side scroller just buy Starbound.
76561198002450718,Not Recommended,238240,14584765,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Will,"I do not recommend this game just because this game has some of the worst artistic direction you can find on Steam.People on the forum with no trainning what so ever on visual arts witll call it a ""style"", I call it bad."
76561198127495075,Recommended,238240,30462246,Posted: 11 March,all,Raichu07886,"Although Many People complain about how the devs left the game. MY BELIEFE is that EVERBODY complaining WERE THE PEOPLE WHO CAUSED THEM TO. ok enought rantingThis Game Is Actually a pretty good game. its well drawn out ,has decent variety , and doesnt require a set skill amount. it progresses with you and DOESNT LAG (MAJOR THING). For those who want a fun  relaxing (kinda) game with some nice combat Then This Is For You.-Not an♥♥♥♥♥who only cares about themselves :>"
76561198073232075,Recommended,238240,15816734,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Leg Day,I think my laser has herpes
,Recommended,238240,13079920,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,-.-,ไม่ต้องพูดอะไร เล่นยากสัส พอแต่หนุกนะ คล้าย terraria เลย แต่ ซับซ้อนกว่ามาก
,Recommended,238240,8387972,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Baddy,game rip terrariers i dont like cheaters
76561197993835236,Not Recommended,238240,18111285,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Br!gs,I have no idea what to do simulator 2015...
76561198069396035,Not Recommended,238240,17231396,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,gnome mcbendyknees~,~
76561198014310616,Not Recommended,238240,11002843,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,_Darkslayer_,"Just buy starbound or terraria, this game has many bugs including horrible game play..."
76561198051318470,Not Recommended,238240,18148079,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,petrkovarik99,"Nice intro. Nice music in intro and main menu. Too bad that here end the nice things and game begins.This game took lots of inspiration from Terraria. Developers analyzed flawlesly what is the best about Terraria - the open, proceduraly generated world, great combat system, pixeled but detailed graphics, massive crafting, home building, interesting and very different bosses, etc, and with expert precision took it all out.The combat system is bad, your greatest enemy are not the very few mobs, but aiming system, reloading and limited energy. The game is far from polished, it looks like beta+, not full release. Graphics are relatively nice and detailed, but for some reason look worse then Terraria. Crafting is on one hand better - you don't search wiki for recipes, but that is the only plus it has. World generation is strange,  on one hand looks completely unnatural, on the other is hard to navigate and the way jetpack is implemented is not helping you. There is no real need to build your home - at best you create long flat terrain to place your factories at.I could continue, but enough is enough. I Can't recommend this game. Maybe, maybe in a year, if they fix the bugs, mobs, world generation and combat, it will be interesting game. Of course, such complete overhaul is very unlikely.Edit: played mostly in offline mode, so real time playing doesn't display in Steam."
,Not Recommended,238240,9582725,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Bryborg,"This review is for the beta product. I intend to return to the game once it is fully developed and see if it has been improved upon, but this review is for people considering purchasing the beta version.I want to like this game the way I want to like every Terraria clone. Maybe this game will be good one day. Right now, it is not. The menu system is needlessly complicated and completely counter-intuitive. One thing I imagine will sadly not improve is the art design. Personally I play way more indie games than AAA titles - high end graphics aren't a selling point to me. But there is doing low res graphics well, and then there is this. It is terribly ugly to look at. If you want to spend money on one of these work in progress space Terraria games, Starbound is the only one worth paying actual money for currently."
76561198061584301,Recommended,238240,34843541,Posted: 9 September,all,Trashy The Incontinent,"Pengest munch amnesia is a truely terrofying horror game, that sent chills down my spine through every breath taking second. i would recomend this game due to the way it plays with the fears burried deep within every human mind. the scariest moments are the horrors your mind creates for you."
,Recommended,238240,33757467,Posted: 23 July,all,Handsome man,wont even launch lol
76561198111003355,Not Recommended,238240,18213866,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,tenkakicks,"EOS has, on paper, all the elements you want in a Terraria clone with enough differences to make it it's own experience, unfortunately EOS is clumsy and frustrating to play."
,Not Recommended,238240,25662368,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Bottleneck,I met a shark that had Laser Herpes but that was about it.
76561198045187983,Not Recommended,238240,11144068,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Peytan,Waste of money. Won't even create a world. I sit there for 10 minutes and wait for the game to generate a world and it won't even create one.
,Not Recommended,238240,9878164,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Lil Pump's entire album = Shit,can i get a refund? I looked at this game and it looked pretty cool until i tryed it. I want my money back
,Not Recommended,238240,14770260,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,gothcowboy666,no.
,Not Recommended,238240,9535861,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Colonoctopus,"My god, where to start? The interface is unintuitive and clunky, the crafting is the worst I've ever seen in a game, the tutorial is horrible, the game's pitiful attempts at humor are ironically laughable, and the art is absolutely hideous.The developers have taken a bit of a slapdash approach to most of the dialogue, with frequent spelling mistakes and the aforementioned terrible humor. The game even tries to poke fun at other sandbox survival games that have long since surpassed it in quality. The UI is somehow even worse than the environment art, and that's saying a lot.Then there's the story. The game starts out with a 3D rendered cutscene that looks like it's from the mid 90s, teases some vague ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t that I couldn't glean anything from except that there's some sort of corporation and there are 4 people who have something to do with it, then just says ""To Be Continued"" and then stops. I was shocked; it seems that the developers have heard of stories before but have never quite taken the time to read one. You need to get us actually interested in the story before pulling that, Handyman Studios!In summary:Don't. Buy. This. Game.(Unless somehow the gameplay, tutorial, writing and art all get completely and totally revamped by the time it gets out of early access.)"
76561198033413325,Not Recommended,238240,12114166,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Magiotti,I do not care for space terraria.
,Not Recommended,238240,16981744,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,TheDisturbedDragon,"I tried it out for a few minutes, about a half hour, but quit the fiftieth time I mixed up the various starter tools.  I think it has great potential, but needs a wiki/tooltips/an in-game instruction guide for tools.  I will play again once I learn that one of those is added."
,Not Recommended,238240,20228917,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,gandara_salvador,sad i just play few year ago and now it not working epic fail as hell  badly game vary bad game :(  i used same computer was wrking now  it not runing good bery6  bad
,Recommended,238240,11275297,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,ClaW,Fun.
,Recommended,238240,32465719,Posted: 15 June,all,Wesker Star,"It's like huniepop , but with starbound."
,Not Recommended,238240,9438699,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Nevasol Ltd.,"I played starbound and had much fun for at least a month, was expecting something slightly similar but couldn't find it, controls are boring to master in this game and things are written in an uninteresting way,  i hope nothing for this game, dumped."
76561198084687188,Not Recommended,238240,9577238,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Akiachuk,"i try to launch it, it doesnt work. I've talked, downloaded, and pryed for hours, and it still does not work. I want a refund."
76561198018013143,Not Recommended,238240,16886061,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Praetor Shinzon,"Sadly it will never be a finished game. I expect to see the devs quit at some point.Update: The game has ""launched"" but it is still incomplete, enemies not balanced ec... Pass on this game."
,Not Recommended,238240,14411668,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Hans,"This is the most unintuitive piece of trash I have ever played...people who have given this game a positive review need to get their head examined, I think they may have had a stroke."
76561198138863060,Recommended,238240,20159470,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Kendra The Lazy Gamer,i got the special edition but i didnt get the items plz hep
,Not Recommended,238240,20227129,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,serious bzns,Edge of scacey anthony.
76561198008646789,Not Recommended,238240,16801275,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Anulen,Installed. Played once or twice. Uninstalled and got a refund. It's horribly clunky and just feels...off. I'd suggest Terraria or Starbound instead of this.
,Recommended,238240,14906755,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Harambe HaRRison,"I pleyed this game aroud the time it came out, but havent got to play it since.  But it was an amazing game."
76561198080633472,Not Recommended,238240,14576678,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Ray Of Bonez,This game is a very bad copy of star bound
76561198144495027,Recommended,238240,20340145,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,THΣ ÇOŊQUEROR,NICEEEE GAME
76561198098490288,Not Recommended,238240,16439856,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Ethical Coma,-sigh- just...don't please - My only regret is not being able to stop other people from buying this game
76561198086497313,Not Recommended,238240,16354967,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Kvs,this game was not what i thought it would have been from the devs of terraria
,Recommended,238240,18622531,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Sadaris,If you like starbound terraria you will like this
76561198085556352,Not Recommended,238240,9824848,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,James G,"Devs suck, made money then ran!!""Terraria rip off.StarBob rip off.Minecraft rip off.Roblox Ice King RP rip off.1/10 Rubber Chickens.""This game is like WarZ, rip off of DayZ"
76561198045691763,Recommended,238240,20407336,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Xaivianis,INSANELY GLITCHEY need to be clever to play
76561198089194866,Recommended,238240,23049608,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Courier Six,"Despite all the negative comments and toxic community, I beleive this game has great potential.It may not be worth purchasing in its current state, but I am content to wait, this game will be great, just like Terraria is/was."
,Not Recommended,238240,14643420,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Asterath,"Pure♥♥♥♥♥♥ Rip off of 2d adventure games. defintly not worth the 10$Edit: I didn't like it so much because of the lack of content, and the lack sense of what to do at the beginning.A few bugs here and there as well .Personally I didn't like it"
76561198013383203,Recommended,238240,26189646,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Mental Homosapien,Very hot n' good work of art
76561198080372425,Recommended,238240,24512010,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Snow Miser,So far noice. But i have yet to dive in the game much.
,Not Recommended,238240,23716646,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Danny the Barbarian,"This game is fun, for the most part i guess. the only problem is it's insane difficulty. if you don't know what your doing from the start, this game is impossible. and the 'random' planet build made it impossible to move around because every island was FLOATING, and there were long drops EVERYWHERE! i died at EVERY POSSIBLE TURN..."
76561198065842194,Not Recommended,238240,28178388,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,ST0PxistingN0W,Take a laser pointer and shine it in your eyes...it's more fun...
,Not Recommended,238240,9395220,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,JoeShmo,"8 Months and a BS marketing scheme later..and I finally have an opinion of this game.1.  Its still broken beyond belief.  They've had 8 months thus far to migrate the game over to its new ""format""...and they are finally getting multiplayer launched...which was promised back in July.Its still a pain in the butt to do anything in the game: the mining and gather is slow as molasis, the flow of the animations still feels like an old flash game, and they constantly have to ""rework"" the environment , monster spawns, etc.  Not just tweek it...but rework it.I just dread having to start over in that game, unlike in other games of the same ""genre"" like Terraria.   And considering how infrequent and archaic their update process is....restarting happens ...painfully often.2. Their latest marketing scheme to push dried up sales just kicks every Early Access owner in the jaw.  The people that adopted this game early...and tried their hardest to help improve the game....get called ""Entitled"" and  ""Trying to smear the companies good name"" by asking for their free copy of the game that they should get which is part of the new Early Access purchase.  No grandfathering the changes...just a solid FU tot he ones that helped make the game even possible (financially and development wise).Its not like this is a Game Lauch sale...or a 8 months from Retail Release sale; its still in Early Access...like it has been for the last 8 months....at the same exact price it was back in June/July.Yea...I can see why they dont want to give out the extra copies to the ones who already bought the game. Then they may not get any new sales imediately...because their game sales were already stagnant.  Whose the entitled one again?  This game and the comapny have been pretty ""stagnent"" since day one.  If they are trying a really big ""last ditch"" effort to generate sales before the game is even Launched .....while angering all the people who funded the game/company to get them to this point....it might speak a lot about the future of this company."
76561198073095975,Recommended,238240,9311589,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,HappyBlackCat,Why did i buy this?
76561198041255374,Not Recommended,238240,12687979,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Mane Shaker,"What can I say... I bought this with a hope of having a experience similar to Terraria,since they were in parcery with Re-logic and hadding Terraria based content.But I only got disappointement!The menu with your items is confusing! In the start, once you get in the planet It's very difficult to stay alive, mostly cause of weakass weapons, and the mining takes too much time for the same reason!Both tools and weapons are poor in perfomance!But I didn't judge like that cause in the future you would take better stuff... right?Nope! To upgrade anything, It takes amounts of various materials, not to mention:-the time to mine them (is slow)-search for them (too much time)-you have to walk FAR to find more, go into holes and a maze of caverns, making you lost from your outpost.-limited area (that radiation thing that kills you when you go too much down)-enemies stronger than you (and weak weapon)And if you fail for the first time, you will notice you actually got lives!YEAH! LIVES! Who puts lives on a game based of Terraria?!But you can make more ""lives"", but you will have to decide on what to do next!Spend your materials in making lives and search materials so you can upgrade your weapons, armor and tools, but you will end up lost, surrounded by enemies, and you will eventually will die. Then, you must do more ""lives"" so you don't lose your progress!Repeat this times and times! That was my game! A vicious cycle of losing, nerves, and boredom...I don't recommend this game...Play Terraria instead... they never disappointed (at least me) with their updates and content..."
76561198147909738,Recommended,238240,21839972,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,The Modifeid Sans,i found a bug it is when i launch up the game and it just sits at the loading screen once i let it load for about three hours but it did not load the slightest bit
76561198092454217,Recommended,238240,11264762,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Transgender Sauce,ITS FLIPPING EPIC
,Not Recommended,238240,9882114,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Smallpox Blanket,This is a rip off of Starbound. I wouldn't buy it. The inventry system is difficult to use and its impossible to gather ore without falling into some deep dark deadly cave where you get killed by something you can't see.
76561198151157080,Not Recommended,238240,19543796,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,4r3j4z,Boring
59595959595959595,Not Recommended,238240,22578374,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Ultralacks,j 3LRQ OPSKLC NGEOJ DROH REONGNO;  GPIO JIO LJFHDSHJI BJOKXFD
,Recommended,238240,26718512,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Mr. Sentrytrap,"To be honest, I think that people give this game way to much hate. Sure I can understand why people hate it, but its understandble. Don't hate the devs support them, prove that some still like the game and they may pay attention."
,Not Recommended,238240,18074662,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Spirit Flame,trying to play with friends is a joke to this game. I say don't waste time on this game if you have friends because its a solo game
,Not Recommended,238240,18076801,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Shrike,"Edit: There seem to be a lot of positive changes recently but this game is something for people that really want to comitt themselves into learning and finding out everything, readability and introduction are still making it very hard to get into the game. The fact that the setting has all sorts of crazy sci-fi things of which you do not know what they do makes it even harder to understand what is going on.I don't doubt that there is a lot of content and depth (and fun) if you want to comitt to the game,but the usability and general UX / interface (+ missing visual consistency) makes it very hard to get going , and this was not a comittment I personally was willing to make and did not get over the first 15 minutes as of this big initial hurdle."
,Not Recommended,238240,13072192,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Hedge Knight,"""Specia Edition Upgrade"" while still in early access?Sounds legit."
76561198011513347,Recommended,238240,13130966,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,catwolf123,the game dos not wark
76561198140635559,Recommended,238240,22208559,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Uncle Butter,i need help whenever i go on it just says authenticating something so i cant play
76561198200457034,Recommended,238240,22130278,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,PenguinPlays,its epic. period...
76561198170078142,Not Recommended,238240,14545369,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,(IWIKU)jerseydevil,the datas dont nothing for me i used more then 60 datas and they did nothing
76561198043901228,Not Recommended,238240,12286732,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,BubbleGumSage,not good
76561198275044361,Recommended,238240,20694161,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Timmytaco131,goodplace blockdestroy blockmake block10/10
,Recommended,238240,20738186,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Dragon7,its a good game its slow but it gets fun.
,Not Recommended,238240,16506875,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Zasta,"As I’m sure you can see I have only played about an hour of Edge of Space before I uninstalled it and asked for a refund. I cannot claim to know almost anything about the game itself in terms of if it has storyline, how good the mechanics are later on in the game or what kind of a sandbox it is. I’m simply writing about my experience with it and what I should have done to avoid this.Personally what I didn’t like about the game which is unfortunate for the developers was the introduction. The thing that really allows you to make your first impressions (excluding the tutorial of course), sum up what your experience with this game is going to be like, how everything works etc. I had no problem with the tutorial. I very much enjoyed the general mechanics of the game. I liked how it works, I also could get used to the overall ‘look’ of the game and how it varies from Terraria’s cute pixels. However as soon as I started the actual game itself it all went down-hill.When I spawned I was confused. “Where was I?”, “What was going on?” I was hoping for some kind of guide (yes, like in Terraria. *sigh) to help me however I was instead met by a distressed, flying, talking shark who after saving politely asked me to make him a toothbrush out of uranium or something. Now, I DO NOT like the addition of quests and things like that on a sandbox. (And again it’s my fault for not watching or reading any reviews) so I was annoyed that I had been restricted already so soon into the game. I like having freedom in a game however a clock timing me down to gather materials to make a toothbrush was very annoying to say the least. However this not what annoyed me, no what annoyed me was the fact that I could not find any Uranium anywhere. So I decided to screw the quest thing and do what I had bought the game for. Explore a new alien world, and have no idea what to expect. However I soon fell off a cliff and almost died. Then I fell off another cliff. And another. And another. It was only then that I realised I must have spawned on the top part of the picture in the Menu of the game where there are many floating islands. I didn’t like this at all as I felt I was restricted to the area island where my spawn was. It didn’t feel like one big map for me to explore, rather different areas I would have to go to as the game progressed. So I decided I would go as far as possible and see if I could find a dungeon or something. After mining things from pretty far away from the spawn point I was told I had a full inventory. So I moved some stuff into the bin last of which was a block of ice which after being deleted I thought nothing off. However when I looked back into my hot-bar, my mining laser had been replaced by this ice. And as there don’t seem to be any instructions beyond the simple things shown in the tutorial I had no idea how to get my mining laser back into my hotbar. The UI was extremely confusing and I was rapidly losing my patience with it. I then killed myself again and spawned back to pod only to realise random things in my inventory were now ice. On top of all of this you cannot move anywhere in the map without being constantly attacked by flying jellyfish and millions of little ‘wolf things’ on the floor that are much faster than you meaning they start to accumulate faster than you can seem to kill them. All this just seemed rather unprofessional and I still had no idea what the hell was going on and why a flying, talking shark needed uranium for his toothbrush. The gameplay was not at all what was displayed in the second trailer and the story so far involved a talking shark. Was he to be my guide??? I just wanted to get to the building, exploring and killing bosses part. I suppose it's maybe just not that sort of game.It’s not that the game was ‘bad’ as such it’s just that I believe the trailers were a bit misleading within the fact that one shows a Terraria like style of gameplay where your character is free to build and explore and the other shows a very interesting backstory that looked pretty prominent and seemed like something you would progressively learn about throughout the game through recruiting NPC’s, slaying bosses etc. None of this was in the introduction.It’s entirely my fault that I neglected to look into the game before I bought it. In all honesty I am basically one of those people who just wanted a ‘Terraria in space’ thing. I should have watched other people play it before I blindly went in and bought it. The main two reasons I bought it Edge of Space over Starbound was A) It was £5 cheaper or so, ( ͡ᵔ ͜ʖ ͡ᵔ ) :D and B) I know the lead developer is a friend of Redigit and had permission to use some Terraria bosses (which makes my Terraria in space fantasy even more realistic) and must mean it will have some Terraria qualities. I know that the game is still in Early Access so is obviously far from perfect, but I just expected better.I suppose the whole point of Early Access is so that people can post their constructive criticism and the developers take it into account. So maybe I will purchase the game again when it’s properly released. I just wish the game had a little more freedom from the start, coincidently just like Terraria does (*another sigh) and not have a random quest to make a toothbrush for a shark out of uranium. Either way, make sure you WATCH GAMEPLAY for Edge of Space before you buy it because it can be different from what it seems. (I'm no proffesional, I just wanted to get my opinions out there!)Thanks for reading!!!*Edit: Just thought I would say that Steam did promtly give me a refund for my purchase within about 2 hours."
,Not Recommended,238240,16215220,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,That Odyssey HYPE tho!,"I played this game for an hour. It was fun at the beginning, but then got impossible to get certain blocks like Biomass.-2/10 Cheesy Laser Sharks"
76561198075481651,Recommended,238240,28878620,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Fancy Toast,"This game could be $20 and I still would have bought it. The controls are wierd at first, but you get use to them. This game has something for everyone! Fighting,Exploring,Builidng, its great! I recommend this game 1000000%"
,Recommended,238240,28848624,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,👻 I Glitch !_NA4 I 👻,TERRARIA BUT WIERD
,Recommended,238240,10434251,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,null soulwax,"It's going somewhere, and it's going somewhere good.Edit: Scratch that. This game is going nowhere. What the ♥♥♥♥ happened?"
,Not Recommended,238240,18098360,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Davesoft,"Unfinished, unintegrated, poor quality and overall 'dodgy'.Avoid, or like me, seek refund."
76561198050791672,Not Recommended,238240,32664845,Posted: 22 June,all,POTATO GUN,bad
76561198060124321,Not Recommended,238240,14951614,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,whats this,"I started, i lagged, i uninstalled11/10 would uninstall again"
,Not Recommended,238240,9578922,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,supernet2,"Im giving this game a maybe for playing. Theirs barely any difference from this vs terraria. Oh wait their is, just a radiation exposure bar, and the game seems to be styled around metroid graphics.Onto the real review. Okay basically your use to terraria, starbound, or minecraft. You assume you have the basics of building, thats check.Now you assume you have the basics of base building, that is... barely check. You have a command center, but your given no real idea how it works, or how to use it. 0 Explanation behind it. (HINT) it supplies 2 available slots for structures that require power (Which AGAIN are not defined, nor explained) how to mine or make adjacent to a powered block (and to do that you need to mine the back, currently the mining in the background has been switched to TAB key).Anyway... now assume after base building is scrapped, most of what you seen in the pictures, or the trailer video is either not implemented yet or considered non user useable. Thats... thats just false advertising. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME based on the trailier. You will be SEVERELY disappointed if you do!Anyway, other than this review just remember... with a grain of salt.  Comparing this game to minecraft is laughable at best, as minecraft is one of the most fleshed out, well prepared games out their for survival. Just its block based graphics.With Starbound you get the perks of it having terraria gameplay with a twist, mechs, turrets, space ship home & planetary home combine with world travelining leading to finte adventures.With Terraria you get alota building functionality but... only one world, on the upside in Terraria you also get to transfer items on your character with you to other servers.With this game Edge of Space you... get working building mechanics (barely anything to craft though), good music (when its not tearing horribly or desyncing), horribly slow mining, extremely aggressive enemy npcs that fight you based on how far down you go, and how pre-occupied you are not paying attention to your surroundings, and limited idea of how to really play altogether with out continued communication through the steam forums with other players, and the developer(s)/staff of Edge of Space.If you want this game buy it, i bought 2 copies, but now im beginning to regret my investment considering how much is lacking, how much is currently missing, and what is functional, works, and what isnt combine with all the time lost to just... well... mining, searching, and trying to figure out this game altogether with searching the steam forums, and trial and error in the game itself. Anyway good luck!Oh and so far it runs for me on a Asus Transformer T100 series (1.83ghz quad core, 2gb ram) with 15minutes load time, and on low/normal graphics (on my other laptops/desktops) the game runs at normal/high. Lag doesn't seem to be existant in any gameplay on this game on any of the computers i've tested it with (all being at 1.83ghz, 4.2ghz, or 3.9ghz quad core) computing systems.*Note*Still consider this game and check back on it though! It does show promise assuming alot of the negatives i've listed, not including thousands of other negatives listed in the forums are taken care of."
76561198133363193,Recommended,238240,25119099,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,ThatPurple9Tails,"Great game. Stop expecting it to be like starbound. In my opinion, it is way better than starbound. It is not starbound and never will be. So if you want some starbound replica go away. Want reasons?Lazer sharksSkeletron PrimeAwesome styleYou can't just get an endgame item by getting the materials."
,Not Recommended,238240,18086861,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,[Wiskie],I rather not say what this game is... right now.
76561198064999305,Not Recommended,238240,12661278,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Dirty Microwave,"Edge of Space needs significant improvement before I would recommend that anyone purchase it. The controls are nonintuitive, the interface feels too small and crowded, and currently the game feels like a bad Terraria clone. Your money would be better spent on Starbound if you're interested in this theme.EDIT: Just went back and played through the tutorial after several months. Everything looks and feels the same. The game is as cumbersome as ever and I did not enjoy trying to get started playing. Once you leave the tutorial level, it is unclear what you're objective within the game is. I had heard mention of UI improvements, but to me, everything looks exactly the same.I don't know if I'm supposed to play this game with a wiki page open, telling me step by step how to play it all the way through or not. I will admit that Terraria and Starbound have you basically playing with the wiki open as well, but Edge of Space seems to offer very little encouragement when you actually get into the game. Upon exiting the tutorial I was beamed down to the surface of what I assume was a planet, and immediately attacked by floating jellyfish who took a frustrating amount of time to kill. I was given no actual objective, only tossed forward into this environment with very little explaination.Bottom line: I would not recommend edge of space to anyone. I bought the 4-pack when it went on sale and after playing the game informed my friends that they should not waste any bandwith or hardrive space on it. This game has EXTREMELY cumbersome controls (double tap 'x' to pick up a torch? Really?), lacks visual pop, and has poorly designed UI. Do not purchase this game. Go get Starbound. Some have said that Starbound is a glitchy, dead project. This is untrue. The game is very entertaining with a few friend and totally worth your time.I understand that this game is still in early access but it needs so much more work before anyone should play it. I've owned it for a long time and am still waiting for any significant progress to take place."
76561198092897827,Not Recommended,238240,23303084,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Funleader☭,0/10Trash.
,Not Recommended,238240,18088113,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Winter Owl,Do not recommend.
,Recommended,238240,12300345,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Plate,Now that the Games Released I decided to boot itEDIT: 09/19/15Game came out of Early Access booted it up to see what had changed from when i first Wrote my single sentence review and to my surprise alot has changed so I'm pretty happy with my purchase and am in no way disappointed with my Purchase. :)
76561198071374961,Recommended,238240,12308015,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Dongermin,eh...8/10
76561198132757898,Recommended,238240,12333532,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Mr. Doopy Dops,"Fun, but... different. kinda hard to get started though."
,Not Recommended,238240,18082379,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Pigtail Casual,Far from finished.
,Recommended,238240,24172464,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,alex,it's AWSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,238240,23778735,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,TheLegend27,"I've played Terraria for years now and have been searching for games alike to Terraria. Edge of Space is a great game to play if your a fan of Terraria or basically like sandbox games. Its a decent game, but other than the content in Edge of Space, I'd love to see the game Improve."
,Recommended,238240,30473562,Posted: 12 March,all,mannybailey712,i like this game there are so many good things about this game but sometimes good games get bad things happened to it but i still think this game can go be on and try to make the best of the best
76561198121002463,Recommended,238240,20705621,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Slipstream,this game doesnt work at all .................refund is needed........
76561198072651724,Not Recommended,238240,16467333,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Gummie Sharks,"This game is bad. It has been in a long beta, and it has not really improved itself from what I can tell. It is awkward to do anything, and it is ugly as sin."
,Recommended,238240,28878576,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Radioactive Pancake,Good Pixels stuff like that i would reccomend this to anyone who likes retro like survival games
76561198066759195,Recommended,238240,32645215,Posted: 22 June,all,Nick7d7,"The game is great. The crafting system is unique were you don't need a specific item you need stuff that is similar (ex. insted of dirt you could mud, or clay). And there is almost awalys mini-quest you can do like kill 10 bouncy jellys or have 6 bouncy jellys near you. However its not all good there are things bad with it like all games the main thing i would say is that you need to be standing right were the crafting bench is when you are crafting stuff you not even allowed 2 blocks away which is anoying. But it has alot of exploration with so much you can do (in my mind) and its easy to gather stuff for a home all you need is dirt, mud, and/or clay and you can turn them into cool looking blocks (then look like metel). The learning system is weird you have to collect xp (from mining blocks and killing enemys) and then open the menu and select witch thing you want tech tree you want to learn (ex. food, fighter armour, builder armour, explorer armour, phase guns, ammo based guns, energy guns). and thats not all there are npcs all throught the world i have seen a flying shark, a broken robot, and even a talking cat.Hoped this helped"
76561198079941982,Recommended,238240,12490119,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Skorge KZB,this game is awsome but  i need some freinds to play with
,Not Recommended,238240,31910783,Posted: 22 May,all,ᴅᴇᴀᴅʟʏ,idk i just see all of the reviews negative so i'm gonna contribute
76561198090113121,Not Recommended,238240,23976516,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,GetInYourBox,this game is terrible... to the point that it gave me cancer.
,Recommended,238240,25364418,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Cheerilee,this game is super fun and i love itnoting like terraira or starbound verydiffrent i would say this game isbest space game i have ever played
,Not Recommended,238240,12404677,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Herger Joyous,"I liked Terraria, must've been a fluke because I hate all the clones."
,Not Recommended,238240,10923061,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,chill(神諭者),"Grind is a ♥♥♥♥♥ in this game. And after all these years, they still didn't finish the game, GJ Dev, What a waste of money."
76561198147707567,Recommended,238240,34422101,Posted: 22 August,all,jadontreyfer,imagine terraria and space had a baby
,Not Recommended,238240,20818598,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Official PoOp,Very lagy and it is a rip off of starbound and terraria
76561198110577684,Not Recommended,238240,19708221,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,smagnet7,♥♥♥♥ this game... it bores the absolute living ♥♥♥♥ outta me0/10 dont waste your money people
,Not Recommended,238240,17400174,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Leonardo,Nope.
,Recommended,238240,24875081,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,a s f o r,Best game in the entire world.
,Not Recommended,238240,16537033,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Audun,"If Starbound had a r3tarded sibling, this game would be it..."
76561198075506256,Recommended,238240,20586548,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Pikkass,xxx
,Not Recommended,238240,16839883,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Cadmus,I LOVE THIS GAME
,Not Recommended,238240,13170111,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Helmet Pants,"Instant regret. The characters have ony two exchangeable looks, gay and supergay. Doesn't feel like Terraria at all.Edit: I need to show more restraint during Steam sales."
,Recommended,238240,21672653,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,<Blank>,This is wreid
76561198297297445,Not Recommended,238240,23235751,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,zee,what do yo mean i wasted one hour to a worldi mean it can't work.
,Not Recommended,238240,11250960,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Bear Boi,when i saw this game i thought another terraria but there wasnt much content and the content that was there isnt as good as terraria. if you want to play terraria play terraris not this bad rip off.
,Not Recommended,238240,16888391,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Azagwen,"This game can't be nicer, there is no crafting guide (like the guide in Terraria) some engines are unknow, we are lost in a unknow world, nobody for say what to mine,, chat to do and much more bad points...i don't likethis game,and i go back on Terraria for the 1.3, it's much better."
,Recommended,238240,33206634,Posted: 3 July,all,kingofxdox2.0,starbound + rpg + story rich = this
76561198056885943,Not Recommended,238240,20390192,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,kizer5.red,"Nope, this game is worse then Terrarria.Terrarria is a good game, this takes that and throws it needlessly into space. Why are they in space? There is no reason for them to be in space."
76561198276723545,Recommended,238240,20764032,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,私わ太陽と月と土の神様です,LIKE TERRARIA BUT KINDA BETTER (WE HAVE OPINIONS SO DONT SAY YOU DONT THINK SO! I DONT WANT TO ARGUE AGAIN FOR 50 MINS)
,Not Recommended,238240,20498272,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,fatputtycat,This was possibly one of the worst games of 2015. Avoid like cancer.
,Not Recommended,238240,13581754,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Lifndor,sux
76561198129855699,Recommended,238240,29148624,Posted: 9 January,all,Autism speaks,meh
,Recommended,238240,23274469,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Yeetabixx,Copy of starbound.
,Recommended,238240,12910114,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,TRPGD.,Nice Game! Have a lot to do with :)
,Recommended,238240,12418679,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,WalmartSecurity,Just Pure Joy...
,Not Recommended,238240,13079045,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,JuxPlays,"You know i love these craft open world minecraft 2d games, and when this came out i had to have it even though it was in early access . This game was horrible at frist and i was ok with that beacuse it was done yet. SO I WAITED....................AND WAITED............and then just gave up beacuse this game just never was worth it."
,Not Recommended,238240,28501679,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,taitoki,i dont remember getting this
76561198120988944,Recommended,238240,30891669,Posted: 1 April,all,ButterMuffin,I Just got this game and it continues to amaze me. I recommend it to anyone who likes adventure and exploration. This game is absolutely amazing!!!
,Recommended,238240,32085329,Posted: 31 May,all,Septistachefist,"Yay! Didn't expect to see you here, Skelly prime. (:"
,Recommended,238240,26256622,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,GROM,i'm scared to put negative because the developer responded to me once and that is scary
76561198074241823,Not Recommended,238240,20438462,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,ToastyPcz1642raz,this game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ buy terraria3/10
,Not Recommended,238240,20446418,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,arbiter-cu,Trash.0
76561198134688972,Recommended,238240,25701656,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,sapellerin,please make a version fom mac <333
76561198116828845,Not Recommended,238240,18101686,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,doritos,worst game of all time
,Not Recommended,238240,11250518,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,SimonCykelHjelm,I hate it
76561198271026542,Recommended,238240,27397179,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Doge,this game sucks. the loading takes to long. do u have to press somthing? ;(
,Not Recommended,238240,16969869,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,ASpoopyPixel,This game I mistook it for starbound XD bought it wasnt really worth the money just the gameplay is slow kinda boring not much to do in my opinion.
76561198152753482,Not Recommended,238240,17464418,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,how to doge,its suckes donkey♥♥♥♥♥
76561198000476713,Not Recommended,238240,20714593,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Mandrake the Magician,at least the escape key works
76561198006174834,Not Recommended,238240,11468072,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Nova,Mp is a complete ♥♥♥♥ing joke.I am not a programmer but it cannot take Stephen ♥♥♥♥ing Hawkins to figure out how to make it work?I tried EVERYTHING the community said as with my friend and nothing works.Fix mp and I will change it
76561198108997000,Not Recommended,238240,13083215,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Misha,"complete garbage, unable to get past the ♥♥♥♥ing tutorial because the developers get rid of 1 bug per update and dont acctually get rid of real bugs, like how you need to craft the rifle, what the ♥♥♥♥ is this grabage, terraria in space NO this is♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,238240,13008422,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Diminishment,"All my friends hate this game and I absolutely love it, because I love making my friends miserable this game gets the highest rating pahssible. 10/10"
,Not Recommended,238240,9367227,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Alpharius,Avoid at all costs
76561198127597094,Recommended,238240,30061820,Posted: 20 February,all,LoracMij,"Its an amazing game that keeps you going even when your done. With so many pets and weapons I fell in love with the 300+ hours I played going through zombie filled labs, and building my base even fighting the bosses. I would recommendthis to all those who like rpg and exploration/adventure games!"
,Not Recommended,238240,13292421,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Adagaki Aki,no ragrets
,Not Recommended,238240,18135254,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,HazedCube,space is too edgy
76561198031867232,Not Recommended,238240,12951089,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,CapnSquiddy,Too clunky. Terrible interface. Too confusing.
,Not Recommended,238240,12760856,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Dark Side of the Moon,"This review will only be a short one becasue I dont have much to say about it and I would only be repeating myself. Edge of Space is a Retro Sci-Fi which is about exploring and seeing diffrent things. This sounds great but it quickly gets dull. After the tutorial it seems that most of the fun is gone. There just isnt much to do. I know people are going to say its an Early Access game but that does not change everything. It improves on what it has. So far I would nit recommend this game so far. If you wanted a better game that is simular get Starbound or Terraria. The only good things I can think of are that the art style looks great and the controls are good, the music fits the world that you play in but thats about it. I am going to rate it a 4 out of 10.here"
,Not Recommended,238240,13070709,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Tomato ass,This is the worst game ever. Please do not buy it. This game is sooooo bad.
76561198119752696,Not Recommended,238240,13222764,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Allele,♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,238240,13464416,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,TheCubrock,No.
,Recommended,238240,12947657,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Giorno Giovanna,fun game to play but none of my freinds have it
76561198087140640,Recommended,238240,13054487,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,darkmouse,its very laggy
76561198088722654,Not Recommended,238240,12626007,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Sp00ky soopa soot,"At the moment, no. It has great potential, but I cant even play it, because of the infinite loading screen. but at the moment, no."
,Not Recommended,238240,12677580,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,bobrocks007,"An entirely forgettable game.  Prides itself on having enemies from Terraria, but that shouldn't be a selling point.  Played it briefly, hated the controls, disliked the graphics, and died repeatedly from the first group of enemies I encountered.  Uninstalled."
76561198002572564,Not Recommended,238240,12797944,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,matthewman505,"This game wasted my money. After completing the tutorial i was throwin in a world with no dynamic to it. I tried to find out what to do next but was met with confusion instead. The game just feels clunky. I reccomend just buying Terraria instead, or even Starbound."
,Not Recommended,238240,22022979,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Hyruxs,How do I kill the Cleric Beast in Bloodborne?
76561198296823666,Recommended,238240,29258160,Posted: 14 January,all,moneyfordays210,nice
76561198006362598,Not Recommended,238240,13073254,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,tdpitt2006,"THIS piece of s h * t game is the reason that I have curtailed my purchases on STEAM. NO more ""Early Access Games"", ever. Doesn't matter if it's something I have lusted electronically and financially after, no way, STEAM, you don't get another nickel of MY hard earned $$$$ on ANY Early Access, period. Unplayable crapware. Save your money, do NOT fall for trailers or screenshots. Do something more constructive with your money, like, burning it and watching it turn into ash. In summation: These programmers are thieves, this game is garbage, save your money."
,Recommended,238240,12960834,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,ClownShoes,WORST GAME IN HISTORY
76561198065137313,Not Recommended,238240,13026035,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Ian,boring get terraria its just the best. all these rip offs just dont work
,Recommended,238240,28447093,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,TheLonelyFridge,Good
,Not Recommended,238240,13073122,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,CatQueenCastle,This Game is the worst game to see anything on the face of the earth ♥♥♥♥ it it can go burn in hell
,Not Recommended,238240,13033809,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,JshKlsn,"This game is just so, so bad."
,Not Recommended,238240,12933131,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Broken Reality,Don'tJust don'tLike do something better with your time such as lying on the floor
,Recommended,238240,34987145,Posted: 15 September,all,jzm2006,"Most of the comments say that the devs don't work and care about the game anymore, that the game is unfinished. however, the devs posted a comment saying that they haven't been able to work on it in a while because a lot is going on and that they will try to get back to working on the game. SO STOP COMPLAINING BECAUSE THIS GAME IS A GOOD GAME AND THE DEVS SAID THAT THEY ARE BACK!!!!!!!!"
76561198087408999,Not Recommended,238240,13046448,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,bheeke2,It's a 2D minecraft clone with brutally boring implementation.
,Recommended,238240,24672598,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Hello Im Fish,Buy this game
76561198072287992,Recommended,238240,10565644,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,MrHorvat,"great game, but it needs more updates"
,Recommended,238240,10960245,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,xxxX_WhiteSupremacist_Xxxx,IT IS THE BEST GAME EVER!!!!!!!!!!
76561197970586586,Recommended,238240,9399436,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,paul,"I'm hoping this game has at least some promise in the future, having bought my copy I find it currently has the same flaws as starbound in that its labouriously slow to start. I was hoping for something with the pace of Terraria which i love. Its early days so i will reserve judgement but for those thinking of buying I'd perhaps get it now while the price is reasonable and don't expect all the bells and whistles just yet. I will say that currently the trailer seems to show things that you will have to be playing for a long time to achieve, so at least it has longevity to it if you have the patience to stick with it,"
,Not Recommended,238240,9928155,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Insulting,"I'd say don't buy it yet, it's far from being very playable. Lots of stuff is missing, mostly item descriptions, graphics, etc. Typoes are everywhere, and the engine is pretty bare-bones at the moment. Wait a few months."
76561198080309939,Not Recommended,238240,15059800,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,DasMaurice,♥♥♥♥♥game.
,Not Recommended,238240,10943351,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,kebcoob,no
,Not Recommended,238240,9408574,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Say Lo Lo,"Game seems like it could be very fun, BUT it is really buggy, me and my friend can't even play together at it's current state.  After playing for hours I log off his server and after that all I got was a never ending loading screen, my friend also got this same error. After trying and remaking new avatars we would get this same bug again."
76561197976259471,Recommended,238240,712161,"Posted: 2 September, 2013",all,AZSLIMJIM,"Its definitely an interesting game, and it is a lot of fun. I only have a few hours logged but im not sure how i really like it. I feel like Terraria was much better (although this is still an early alpha) and that other alphas that are the same are much better (such as Darkout) alothough it is still an extremely fun game and would reccomend it if its on sale."
,Not Recommended,238240,18649355,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Proskills the Beast Hunter,"I'll keep it short -- read the other negative reviews if you want a big elaboration on what's wrong with Edge of Space.This game is basically the lovechild of Terraria and Starbound, but only if that lovechild inherited all the recessive genes.The user interface is clumsy but not in a charming way, the gameplay is very mechanical and without reward, their new player tutorial has gone from a list of YouTube videos to an interactive tutorial back to a list of YouTube videos (to be fair, maybe they somehow detected I played the game seven or eight months ago and didn't show the tutorial last week because of that?).Playing the game is an unimaginably boring; hell, it was boring when it was in early access and releasing it as ""1.0"" doesn't seem to have changed things. Beyond the kinda-quirky character customization, the game isn't satisfying at all, and I struggled to play as long as I did (which should be about 6-7 hours).Maybe there's some amazing gameplay curve hiding in it, and if you play for 10 or 11 hours it suddenly becomes a breath-taking experience, but I just couldn't make it that far."
,Not Recommended,238240,17254072,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Zincoshine,"OK, so early access is finally over. The tutorial system has been overhauled and when you start a world with a new char the codex screen comes up with tips and at the same time a flying shark comes and asks you for help, it's a little cluttery and overwhelming but thankfully its ok because even at night you are safe so you have time to read through everything. The new system is definetely a big step forward however the game feels extremely unpolished. There are glitches in the physics and the game has a few performance issues which is really strange. The lighting has been greatly improved but does bug out occasionally. Hopefully the game will soon be updated to polish up things a bit.With regards to recommending it.... can I? Sadly no. If a friend asks me about this game, I would just tell him/her to buy terraria. The reason for this is because for a price 50% higher than terraria, you are getting a worser game. if this game with its issues was just 7.5 dollars, then it would be a good purchase however. One might argue that terraria has had years to develop while this game has just been released. That's true, but the price of terraria is still cheaper regardless. To be fair though, terraria is a seriously underpriced game, it should cost at least 20 dollars by now, considering all the content it has.Despite the lack of recommendation, it must be stated that this game contains some really great innovations that are worthy of praise: 1) a build in link to wikipedia 2) a system that allows you to track down which materials you need to construct something. I really wish these two things were in terraria.Edit: I am surprised by how obscure it turns out this game is. Not a single official reviewer has touched the game and there is only one user review on metacritic.Edit2: While the link to the wiki itself is a great thing to have in the game, the wiki itself has barely any contect, another factor in making this game difficult to approach."
76561198022898700,Not Recommended,238240,18781575,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,tekkalord,"Just played it again for the first time in over a year.  Last time was during Early Access.Didn't recommend it then, don't recommend it now.Interface feels rather slow to respond when working with inventory.The minimap is a complete joke.  It's too tiny of an area to be useful, and there doesn't seem to be a big map you can bring up to see where you've explored.Mining for resources is VERY tedious at least with the initial and first additional tier of of tools.The power system used in base building feels cumbersome, and not very intuitive.Better than it used to be back in early access.But I woundn't recommend it."
,Recommended,238240,7988657,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Coolblade154,"Alright, so, I was urged to play the game again, in which I agreed to. Before writing this, I was reading other reviews, and I completely disagree with one of them, which said something about the game being a little hard or it being objectiveless, and even it being difficult to progress, and even when you did, you would not feel like there was even any progression at all(Review posted June 11). All of it is sorta BS because how is it hard if you literally have 3-4 minutes of night, when things start spawning?(In the caves) How can you feel objectiveless if you have a kick♥♥♥♥♥NPC right from the beginning, asking you to help it, and even making cute little sounds when you agree to help it or not be mean to it? How can there not be any progression at all if when you even mine a single block, you get 5 exp, but it then adds up? There really can't be any objective if you set one yourself, or you ask the NPC right from the beginning, yet, I believe i remember the game even saying that you can talk to said NPC.Anyways, although I did end up finding fun in the game again, like riding snails, or making pits of hell for passive crabs to jump down, it did a few things that irked me, even though it's in early access. Well, for one, the tutorial. When you spawn in, you get pretty nice videos, dont get me wrong, they were nice, but they took up the entire right bottom corner of your screen. I don't want to go and say that they're bad, but it would probably be better if a message popped up asking if you wanted to watch the videos during the tutorial. Another thing was that when it was 12:00 at night, and you were in a cave,(Especially early game) 1: The monsters that spawn hurt. 2: Why spawn in the middle of the night, only to stay during the day?Personally, I'm very mixed on this game. It really varies from person to person. If I were able to buy it again, but with the current amount of knowledge I have on the game, I would wait until it comes out  with reviews. But you know what? I enjoyed the 34 hours on this game. No regrets. Not that I'm not going to ever play the game again, since i did buy the special edition. However, there are a few aspects that can be so easily exploited, like if you're going to die, you can just exit the game, only to appear at your cryopod, aka spawn point. Even at the tutorial, there's mounds of resources you can get, with no threats, giving a very significant edge in the early game.TL:DR; The game is amazing, even though there are a few parts to it that can be questionable, but the exception is that it's early access, and it is already a game that has so much potential of being an even better game. Best to wait until it is released out of early access, but it can be even better if you choose to buy it during early access. It's always nice to see games grow."
76561198028231082,Not Recommended,238240,3860607,"Posted: 30 June, 2013",all,Kevin,Complete trash. Don't even think about  buying this game. it will♥♥♥♥♥♥u off so hard that u pop a nut
,Recommended,238240,10645855,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Jingle Josh,This game has come far from the pudgy mess I last saw when I played through it...
,Not Recommended,238240,10173812,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Chungus McDungus,"Okay, it's been about seven months since I got this game, and not much has changed. It's confusing, the tutorial hardly helps, and the UI functionality is just akward. Best 15 dollar soundtrack."
,Not Recommended,238240,11252455,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Sam Benner,beter then ♥♥♥♥♥♥bound
76561198046306013,Not Recommended,238240,15239767,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Oman,"A lot like Starbound but with far less polish.  After over an hour of playing I had no idea how to add tech, progress or move forward, even with online resources.Edit for Shaggy:The training was boring but informative... As a game consumer I am looking to maximize my engagment and fun per hour. Those first 20 minutes were low on the fun per hour.  Once I got down to the planet, mining was intuitive, but the super black pixelation of the light underground was kind of a bad experience. From a beauty/comfort stand point a smoother less grainy light pixelation on my mining apparatus would make the game much more fun.Once I figured out torches and my basic gear upgrades... I didn't know where to go. I had no forumlas unlocked and had no clue where to find or make them. There were few online guides or resources that made any sense (many seemed to have been written for previous version) and I got stuck within an hour.   While I think the game has a lot of potential it's not quite playable for me yet."
76561198046104319,Recommended,238240,7378360,"Posted: 13 October, 2013",all,smelly tank,"Update (12/30/2014):Having played a good chunk of Terraria & Starbound, Edge of Space seems like it's coming into its own at this Early Access stage. Definitely recommended alongside those others. Starbound seems to be a bit more stagnant, or moved backwards in some ways (farming/survival is even less important now). EoS has added bunches of new stuff since I last played. EoS is also more futuristic with the ranged weaponry, whereas Starbound seems more reliant on melee, if that matters to you.Original (10/13/2013):""Terraria in space""? It's not a totally fair statement, yet this is also a title that the more famous Re-Logic has endorsed. If you're looking for something like Terraria, Terraria-ish in a new set of biomes, or otherwise wanting something familiar to your Terraria experience (but IN SPACE!), then Edge of Space is a good buy, even at this earlier stage in the game's development."
76561198087048262,Recommended,238240,11057706,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Deekith,"a mixture between terraria and starbound, really amazing and detailed. You can even wire your base from the generatrs to the door switches and light control, 8/10"
,Not Recommended,238240,10969229,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Leonassan {CEWR},"After speaking with LadyAijou extensively regarding Edge of Space. I would like to update my review with some further information.The reason advancement isn't working is right before the steam summer sale most of the NPC code was gutted out for revamping, very similar to what Rust is doing. The team at Handyman Studios was not expecting to get featured in the flash sale and ended up receiving more orders during that eight hour period than they had gotten in their previous best week during the 2-1 sale.The development team consists of two people, one of which had a system failure right after the change to the NPC code was implemented, which meant that what should have been fixed either right before or right after the flash sale was unable to be fixed. The chests dropping from nests is related to this issue because the nest/event has to spawn the appropriate creatures and then track that they have been killed, which with the changes to the NPC code is not working properly, so you're ""failing"" every nest/event you start.This means that yes, at this particular moment it is not possible to progress past the first biome. With full aluminum armor you can make it pretty much to the end of the first biome, but beyond that is not possible. I will be leaving my review as ""not recommended"" for the time being due to the non-available features, but will hold my final opinion in reserve until such time as the current mess is cleaned up."
76561198049112949,Recommended,238240,5398195,"Posted: 28 July, 2013",all,Chaos,still beta but so much potential
,Recommended,238240,10964383,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,brettarmstrong,"I really like the idea of the game, and how it's played, however it still needs a lot of work. There are lots of bugs and it's hard to understand what the goal is and how to set up a base. If you're looking for a diffrent style of game with a slight bit of Terraria, I am sure you will be as happy as I am."
76561197998578178,Not Recommended,238240,10967289,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Wronskian,"This game is essentially in early beta. It looks promising, but major features are either not implemented or not working correctly. Compounding matters, there is almost no (up-to-date) information on the wikis, leaving you guessing if your confusion is due to a bug or user error.Unless you like being frustrated,  come back to this one when it's out of preview status. It's not even ready for a public beta yet."
,Not Recommended,238240,10387371,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,D3nnis,"I tried playing this game. I really did. But I mean, come on. The interface is terrible. The three menus I have to open up annoy the hell out of me. The visuals make me want to throw up. I understand this game is in like alpha, but this isnt alpha. It's in  pre-pre-pre-alpha.EDIT: However, I can see this game is going places! The updates are coming out in rapid succession and are actually changing things for the better."
,Not Recommended,238240,11307075,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Tarmac Hunter,"I realize this is still a beta, so consider this a ""beta"" review. As of now, the game has a complete dearth of content, the pacing is beyond slow, and it feels like there is no direction and very little point to even playing it yet. It needs some massive tweaking, more linear and logical crafting progression, and more things to actually do."
,Not Recommended,238240,15808668,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,TheGoldSoul,"Amazing early access game, meaningful updates, few bugs, but thats expected from an early access game. Overall great. 8/8EDIT: well its 1/21/2016 and this game hasnt done all that much to fix the bugs that its had for like ever, plus its added some new ones. The constant freezing gets to me pretty bad, every few seconds its gonna freeze for like 1-5 seconds, gets me pretty triggered. I've played a lot of Terraria, Minecraft and now that I have 130 hours I can say that this game is 5/10, not great. It's ok to play when watching a streat on another screen, other than that its pretty dull, repetetive. I would just rather play it with a friend than by myself all the time.Side note: I'm sure no one is even alowed to stream this game since I almost never see anyone stream it unless the person is companied by a dev or someone. How is this good for a game like this that isnt even that good? Your choking yourselfs devs, by doing this and hurting the potential of your game.It's so grindy and easy I could probably get 100% research with my eyes stapled to my♥♥♥♥♥♥♥nuts.Stay away untill the bugs get fixed and people can stream this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game for the plebs."
76561198003180241,Not Recommended,238240,13304485,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,JewBox Hero,"I'll say this much, It's not ready. Its alot like Starbound but it needs to add abit of a tutorial for those who haven't played Starbound/TerrariaEven after being released, its still♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198179546965,Not Recommended,238240,21178582,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,BezerkerBeast360 | gamekit.com,just isnt fun.
,Not Recommended,238240,30703187,Posted: 24 March,all,DanishVaperGamer,Relly a shame that dev's ran with the money becuse this woulde hav been a great game
,Not Recommended,238240,13107344,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Nerdandanoob,"Below you will find my original review of the game while it was still being worked upon and refined. Here I will tell you not to buy it.I have spoken with Lady Aijou the PR assistant for the game and she has left the team upon the ""release of the game"". The devs instead of working the kinks out released way ahead of reasonable time and ultimatly the game has no support at all at the moment and for the forseeable future. Its sad really because i had a lot of hope for this, the devs put time into the game, crafted it and took suggestions and listened to feedback. I cannot recommend the game now and its a shame :/In short the game has become abandonware. Hopefully the devs return to fix the mess they left on a decent game. Dont buy this game. Id honestly recommend Starbound or Terraria over them as both are excellent and still being tweaked.======================================================================Ok, So I have seen some users complain of the developers abandoning their game, this simply is not true. Now whether this is based upon Starbound (the developers are Chucklefish and have no affiliation with Handyman) it really is unfair to everyone working on Edge of Space.So, what am i doing with this post? Im going to show you through my own experience and time with the game what it looked like when i started playing around januraryish up to now. Yes there will be two or three videos going to my youtube channel, No you are not asked to subscribe, like, etc this is purely for those that are looking for things that were added to the game and just general gameplay.First off, were going to talk about where it was when i started. It was a barren game, not too much content. Few enemies and a fair amount of bugs. The intro screen was also completely different to what you see now. The music however is the same. Below is the first comparison video you dont need to watch much to get the gist. A lot of features are not there, The zoom that we have now, All the enemies you currently see, the headhunter dungeons are not there, the trees are stiff and there are not as many armours, weapons, and in general crafting stuffs as there are now.YouTube™ Video: Edge of Space : Part 1 : Not Terraria but Crabs!Views: 5,878This is Edge of Space, a game related to Terraria by some design only, well, and the fact that the guys at Handyman work closely with the Terraria devs because they are awesome!Now take that and look at what is now in the game.YouTube™ Video: Huge Update : Edge of Space : Part 11Views: 325So Edge of space got a Huge update and there were a lot of things i couldnt get too that were added in the game, i doubt i can show every tiny thing but i shall be showing every possible thing i can.YouTube™ Video: Assault Bears and Leaf Armor : Edge of Space : Part 12Views: 6Ok, so i finally got to a point to show you guys a bunch of new cool stuff and some stuff i never imagened i could show you! I found an assault bear...a bear with giant guns on it....yea!What i mentioned earlier is in there, though not in this particular video. There are things however i did not count on ever being in the game such as assault bears (big bears with giant ♥♥♥♥ guns that shoot you) Anomalies which are random such as a mob of powerful creatures that will obliterate even the most well trained and armoured ArkCoNaught.The starting zone is now a much tougher place full of stuff to kill and explore rather than an empty almost lifeless planet. That is not abandoning of a game. So please take this into consideration as well as the fact that the Devs are very active here on the forums, and even on the videos that people upload. They are happy to hear your suggestions and reflect on them and if it be deemed incorperate them into the game in some way. They are doing this to make the best game they possibly can and ill be damned if a few people take it away from them. As from what ive seen, the timely patches and fixes and contet additions Handyman is a very good studioKeep in mind the game still needs fixing and updating as it is in early access/beta at this moment. I know people are wary of this, but, coming from experince these guys are working hard to bring us a fun game with tons of content and fun ideas. So before bashing and accusing them of stealing our money, at least look into the developers history and into the game itself as well as videos others do of the game to see if infact your bias is justified."
76561198063956210,Not Recommended,238240,24702679,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Takeo Gōda,"This game is a terriable rehash of Terraria and space, if your looking for something similar go for Starbound."
,Not Recommended,238240,18327936,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Blamzagow,"The FA-Q of SpaceUpdated Review-------------------------------------------------Not so much a review as it is text of sadness. No word since April from the devs. I tried to go to the website today and got a godaddy this page does not exist site. I didn't get to the level that some other players did but had fun while playing. It's sad that this really has been abandoned. Don't give up!Zen of SpaceOriginal Review-------------------------------------------------I have been playing the game since beta. Overall it has been a positive experience for me. Playing version 1 was a big surprise. They added a ton of stuff. Personally I get sick of all the wizzard and warrior stuff so I love the fact that this is in space. Definetely has the Metroid feel you hear others talk about. Sound track is wicked, great art style! Starbound is in space but for some reason that game never keeps my attention like Edge of Space and Terraria. I have a ton of the open-world sandbox build, survive games. Like, A LOT of them. This game is one of my favorites.I really enjoy what you have created here. Great job! I get burned here and there by early access but am super happy that you guys got to version 1. Looking forward to all the great updates to come."
,Not Recommended,238240,16223457,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Grandma fell down the stairs and,"Release was♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ton of stuff missing, UI looks crap. Really disappointed."
,Not Recommended,238240,15629468,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Mr Guchalal,The games is decent but they haven't updated for a long time....
76561198046558197,Not Recommended,238240,26010394,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,spirit6,"Great premise, lots of promise then the developers cut and run after pushing a essentially alpha product as a full release. I could not reccommnd this game in any wat."
76561198055900693,Not Recommended,238240,10604869,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,thomasjmeehan <MHN>,"EDITtl;dr Was on the way to being a good game, but ran out of fuel before it got there.When I first played this game it had serious potential; there were unique and interesting gameplay ideas, regular updates, and most importantly devs who respond on the forum. I spent a fair amount of time playing the game, eagerly anticipating updates, until I felt I had got this jist of what the game was and where it was going, so decided to wait a couple of months before playing again. When I booted it up again half a year later the only obvious changes were some haloween gimmiks, as far as I could tell updates had ground to a standstill. A year (and a bit) later and no further changes, until I saw a post saying that the devs hadn't abandoned the game, however they could tell us why they weren't working on it at the moment (which was what promted me change my review). For comparison I've left my original review below, showing how excited I was for this game.ORIGINAL REVIEWThis is a really promising game, with dedicated developers who are eager to share their creation with the community.It is not a finished game at the moment, but is what a beta game should be. Updates are designed to test specific features so that they can be polished, submitting tickets is on the main menu and the developers actually respond to posts in the forums. Although it sound like these are obvious aspects for any beta game there are too many early access games that care too much about people playing them, instead of testing them to make a better game in the long run.The gameplay itself will be familiar to anybody who has played terraria, starbound etc, but with enough unique features to make it interesting. One of the best features is the crafting system that classifies materials (eg ice is a chemical, which is a raw material => raw/chemical/ice), therefore some recipes will require any chemical or any raw material etc.Overall, if you are looking for a good beta that will turn into a great game, I would recommend buying it now. If you don't want to be actively involved in improving the game, then wait until it is fully released so that you aren't disappointed and forget about it."
,Not Recommended,238240,24782113,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Irish Blaze,"I tried to play this game with my friend it has been a year, but he said no, I want to wait for the update so I've been waiting and there has been no update. I have just realized that this game isn't worth it, and I wasted my money on this game, and the DLC"
,Not Recommended,238240,9638662,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,Teirdalin,"Old Review:Easily the most dull game of the year.I've been playing Edge of Space the past eight hours; with the single thought in my mind of: ""This game must get better eventually, right?""  well; I've been essentially in the same spot with the same equipment for the past five hours.  Killing crabs n' jelly fish, and mining titanium, aluminum, stone, mud, clay, and dirt does get old after a while.  I found a strange white box with a blue arrow on it in a cave and tried to us eit, but that just flashed some screen for half a second and went away; and I was unable to interact with it again.  But let's put things into points for the sake of organization:Good things:*Good movement system.*Good art & music.*Online co-op.*Interesting concept.Bad Things:*Very unpolished.*Bad interface & not very user-friendly.*No explanation for the purpose of alot of things, for example the matter recombiner; the game does not tell you what it does, and the description is simply: ""You can't even wager a guess as to how this crazy machine works."", normally checking a wiki would help an issue like this, but their wiki is ancient and not updated.  And then there are things like the random events that go on in the world like the crab nests, and random things such as the weird white box with blue arrow-  no idea what purpose the box served, didn't realize the crab nest was an event.*Lack of things to do; the only goal you might have in the game is simply go lower.. And there is no reason to go lower as you have all the resources you need in the top areas.*Lack of resources; it may seem like a good thing that alluminum is basically the most awesome freakin' resource in existence, but it really makes the game boring when you're not bothering to actually look for things.*Uninteresting enemies.*Uninteresting areas; why would the devs think it was a good idea to make the entire game take place on some floating rocks ?*The relaxing music and police sirens(?) doesn't lower the boring factor of this game.*Terrible enemy AI.*Poorly made tutorial levels, tutorial more interesting than the actual game.*Extremely useless chests; for this let me explain how chests work, you craft one then place it in the world; then you right click it to open it, you then have to manually drag and drop each item you wish to place in it, into it; and the chest only has three slots.*Lack of creativity; how many times has the space shark and space animals concept been done now?*Very unprofessional dev team.*Just a shoddy game in general; people like to consider it as a terraria and starbound ripoff- but in all honesty that's an insult to both Terraria and Starbound.*I'm fairly certain the preview images which show awesome things happening are all fake.*Dropped items from full inventory disappear within seconds, made 7 chests to put my items somewhere- didn't realize my inventory was full,  chests vanish.  Make a full suit of aluminum armor, don't realize inventory is full,  poof.*Glitchy items:  Made two chests, had two slots free- placed a chest, the other chest vanished into nowhere.  Used an emergency recall, had two in my inventory; the other vanished.If I had any suggestions for this game; I recommend they take a page from Windforge and add player made spaceships to fly around the edge of space.ps:  Don't use the Omega research unless you have good equipment, it just brings you to a boss whom will murder you if you still are using low level stuff.Well,  all in all I recommend the game; but make sure you don't play it at night or else you're liable to fall asleep from the sheer boredom it causes; and if you're planning on buying the game because of the awesome screenshots you saw of like a desert and mechs and whatnot- those are definitely faked, there are four biomes; you can go to about two of them, a grassy biome and a cold biome.  There's also about 8 or so enemies currently and about six(?) different resources.Edit August 2016:So, it is now the distant future since I last reviewed the game; and honestly it's worse than before.  The game opens to a beautiful 404 page error after the Unity Logo and Splash screen.  And the game starts with you in the middle of nowhere with a shark with lasers and crap attached to it with a high pitch voice that asks you to do pointless tasks such as gathering dirt and clay for it.   Simple actions in the inventory system such as dragging an item to the trash drops the FPS immensely, nests are incredibly annoying to destroy as they infinitely respawn the enemy guards every time you shoot it; and you need to shoot one quite a lot to destroy it.AI is terrible, they wander back and forth not really trying to get to you, in part because their AI is considering the bullets you shoot as ground, so if they're jumping into the air and you shoot them, they will continue to jump as high as they want, or they'll just plain turn around when shot at with a little ? symbol.    The animations and art is weird, the physics is bad, the overall game is mayhaps more boring than it used to be.But all in all, better than No Man's Sky.  So at least there is that."
,Not Recommended,238240,24968524,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,MANIkyn,"Did not enjoy it at all, it's tiedious, and just down right frustrating.(might also be a little late for me to get a refund, isin't it?)"
76561198008895879,Not Recommended,238240,13703535,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,stop TTIP now! ʕ￫ᴥ￩　ʔ,"DONT BUY GAME IS ABANDONED AND STILL ALPHA STAGEFinally Early access done right.Regular updates, it already got two different huge biomes !Devs are posting regularly in the steam forums.This game remembers me of an insane mix of metroid and terraria.Your an astronaut and embark on a mission to reclaim and terraform a split up planet. The deeper you get the more radiation you will discover so dont forget your protection !Of course you can setup your outpost and craft all shiny furniture. You can research different armor sets and weapon types like phase and projectile weapons. It got even nice upgrade mechanics like improved health , deploying mini turrets or even a grappling hook !Now you say what ? Only 2 biomes and terraforming isnt implemented yet ? With terraform i mean turn the land into a more livable space with less radiation and hostile creatures. Base building you can do from the start!Dont fool yourself the biomes in EOS work much differently than compared to terraria. Terrarias biomes are rather small and can be traversed quickly. But on the other hand EOS's biomes really feel vast and huge. So those areas really invite you to explore and discover new lifeforms and alien buildings :)Basically the end end goal upon release is to turn the planet back into a livable space with oxygen etc. But terraforming is a future feature.I think in the past 2 months this early access title did do huge steps in the right direction. I was just on a server now and got disconnected. So i was confused, but actually they pushed an update right now ! So those devs are really crazy with the updates. For example the christmas update included 2 new dungeons , 1 new boss, 1 special event and several new items to craft.TL;DRBasically its a blend of 2d metroidvania and terraria. Ranged combat is a huge deal with many rifles and laser guns.  Each crafted weapon can get different stats and clip sizes etc.It maybe starts slow and you need to get used to the crafting and research mechanics, but im sure after 4-5 hours you feel right at home :)But take notice Win Xp is NOT supported !Mac and linux arent supported yet, but get a future implementation!Just check out the forums to get a better picture whats going on.When starting the game first time i strongly recommend doing the tutorial first.Edit2: Not recommended anymore, because its abandoneware. The website shut down and community manager got fired!"
76561198113665000,Not Recommended,238240,25872828,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Karma Gaming,"I did not like the gameplay of this game. I found this game boring after a short bit of time. There are more negaives than positives to this game. One of these positives is that it is a early terraria otherworld. I fiund this game beaten by starbound by far, and I bet a lot of other agre with me who have sen gameplay of Starbound, or have played it. The developers to this game barely patch anything and can easily be glitched. There are far to many glitches to list in this game. Waste of money, unless you like the idea of a game that is straight up boring. That is all i have to say for this game, I know the developes could of done better."
76561198076293740,Not Recommended,238240,26182419,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,That One Hamilton Fan,This game sucks!
,Not Recommended,238240,30953663,Posted: 4 April,all,Manual Blinking,A worse and Sci-fi version of terraria. It's level of fun is no where near terraria. Because it isn't fun.
76561198023023836,Not Recommended,238240,8867264,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,TopKEK,Dead game stay away.
76561198366101234,Not Recommended,238240,30647250,Posted: 20 March,all,I still keep this picture wtf,"ehh, it's kinda good. It's a bit complicated though, it's filled with quests, the terrarin is awful and my inventory is already full from the zombie nest I blew up. At least they tried"
,Not Recommended,238240,27572029,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,democratic republic of the congo,"This game is bugged, confusing, poorly explained, and the devs seemed to have given up on expanding on almost anything"
76561198073050877,Recommended,238240,11119185,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Crusty Jugglers,This game is a masterpieceThe pinnacle of human evolutionI have a bootleg copy of this on my shelf right next to my duke nukem forever deluxe edition head bustAnd my Daikatana poster
76561198035408542,Not Recommended,238240,23389165,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,ThatGuyYouKnow,"The difficulty of the game starts out fine, but you will probably attempt bossfights on your own after realizing multiplayer is broken, and failing hard."
76561198064979789,Not Recommended,238240,31690122,Posted: 11 May,all,TheUndecided,I have tried running the game on three different computers not one of them is able to launch the game without it crashing.
,Recommended,238240,20056942,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Pootis Spencer,"i heard there is some sort of conspiracy going on about a developer who worked on this game that shouldn't have, and that's why the game is not longer updated (for now?) because the dev team is provably hold hostage from some legal♥♥♥♥♥♥ i'm gonna give it the benefit of the doubt because the game could be argued to be relatively complete even if horribly balanced and bugged"
76561198148465854,Not Recommended,238240,24843086,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,hatul_adom,THIS GAME HAS BEEN ABANDONED BY ITS DEVELOPERS
76561198394771529,Not Recommended,238240,32377371,Posted: 12 June,all,junkmod58,dont buy this game its a scam they dont give you item from bonus are anying
76561198164150729,Not Recommended,238240,22314423,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Jimbo,"Its Sh*t and abandoned, its not that good"
,Not Recommended,238240,13254723,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,sukoshijon,"This game was acceptable as an early access game, but I feel like it went down a 'StarForge' route. The devs just rushed it to release, unfinished and unpolished. I liked it in early access, because it was promising.I know that feeling.but alas, the game failed to do what terraria did in a few months.2/10ok go play starbound if you want space-terraria.EDIT: Oh look! The Edge of Space website is now non existant! Looks like someone abandoned their game."
76561198008921523,Not Recommended,238240,15421358,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Korman,"It could be very good terraria game type, but stucked on the very 1st planet its just painfull to gather ores and stuff, i really like the experience system, but you need to kill tons of mobs to get data disc or something to level up. I dont say its bad game, i just say i dont feel this need to build, gather, defend and craft, its just weak to be on this ugly planet.I give thump down cus price (13€) is much too big for alpha, lots of work need to be done, (even mining need polishing) And updates are not very often. (I bought this game right after steam show it, and there is a large progress from that point, but its still weak in my opinion) (waiting for terraria 1.5)Update: im a looser, when i was buying this game i have opotion this, or starbound... im an idiot :("
,Not Recommended,238240,31189118,Posted: 16 April,all,loser,"I spent $25 on this. I cannot stress enough how bad this, uh,thingis. I feel bad for whoever spends more than a few hours on this monstrosity."
76561198042637209,Not Recommended,238240,12633436,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,ϟϟ Papa Baguette,"Although I gave this a positive review awhile back, I'm afraid I'll have to change that now that the game has been abandoned. It's such a shame too, it had so much potential."
76561198028061819,Not Recommended,238240,13297885,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Okuma,"The worst developers team ever.  ♥♥♥♥ing crashes every few minutes. This lazy asses who are developing this game do nothig to improve gameplay quality - no any support, no info on wiki, a lot of useless items and bugs, bugs and bugs.... This is no game, it's cool bugs simulator.I recommend to craft the Detonator, necessarily. It's perfect thing  to blow up  your as_s only."
,Not Recommended,238240,13302444,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Phoenics The Phoenix,"tl;dr: Dug up a mushroom, got Uranium; woo! Play this game, it gives Early Access a good reputation.Every single day, this game becomes more and more appealing to play. balancing, additional content,The averaging out of the reviews say the general feeling on this game is mixed, but the top reviews are nearly all absolutely positive,Whereas for Starbound, the general feeling is listed as very positive, but the top reviews are nearly all absolutely negative.Why?Because a game that was more polished at release with less attention from the developers (Starbound) is just isn't as good as a less polished game with more developer attention (EoS). This is why Edge of Space is in my favourites and Starbound is not.Yes, this game DOES need more everything: content, detail, variety, bug fixes, polish, et cetera. But in the same volume, it is RECIEVING what it needs! DEVELOPER ATTENTION!! It warms my heart to see devs responding to reviews and comments and implementing changes based on community feedback~!There are, however a few small issues I can think of which would address immediate issues.- Some method of pausing the action- an option to reverse the scroll for the hotbar- Beautiful as the background music is, possibly a touch more variety would be welcome- changing the tiles the master cryopod sits on would be fantastic for base decoration.On a side note, I purchased the standard version of the game, and then later decided to buy the special edition, but none of the special edition content shows up at all. If it hasn't been implemented properly yet, I'm willing to wait, but I just want to ensure that this isn't simply a bug.Overall, this game truly lives up to what the developers have claimed, and is improving every day. Keep up the good work devs, you love your game and we love you for it!Edit:Sadly, this game seems to have stalled. What could have been a very promising game has hit development hell and it does not seem to be changing that anytime soon, being incomplete and still essentially alpha for a full release. Sadly, I must not recommend this game, that held so much potential but now lies abandoned."
76561198121959547,Not Recommended,238240,13109651,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Shirikan360,i love this game its alot like terraria but in a wierd way diffrent charactor design but akot of the same armor but redesigned and kindve a copy of starbound
,Not Recommended,238240,11296569,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Omgilikeapples,"Game was never finished, what a cop out"
76561198087951038,Not Recommended,238240,13920538,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Misanthrope,"I've been updating this review throughout its development. Tl;dr, it was decent, but now its garbage, and will never get better.First Entry:Terraria is better, but only because its a fully developed game. This one is still in progress, but is incredibly addictive, even more so than Terraria in my opinion. They've implemented a skilling system, where you repurpose dirt and mud etc into experience data which you then use to level your skills up in order to unlock new weapons and armor. Its a little complicated for those who just came from the simplicity of Terraria, but you catch on pretty quick.Its a little unbalanced, but what can you expect from an early access game? I say if you liked Terraria, you'll probably like Edge of Space a lot too, but you'll want it when it comes out fully. The world's a little too big, with not enough to do, and the Arctic Biome is really dangerous, but again, I'm expecting these things will be expanded on eventually.Final verdict: Currently not nearly as deep and immersive as Terraria but has INCREDIBLE potential to become an even better game.9.5/10 cant wait for the released game8/14/15 REVIEW UPDATESooo... im not exactly sure what the devs are doing to make this game better. So far they've managed to slow down the engine, make the controls more buggy, add some unneccessary new looks, increased the loading time, and made NPCs. Instead of trying to add icing, cherries, and candles, they need to finish baking the cake first. It's been a long time, and the game seems to have only gotten worse, and while they appear to be ""finalizing,"" their core game mechanic is horribly broken, and they've fixed things that didnt need to be fixed, and they've broken things that were working just fine six months ago. Not to mention trying to ""balance"" the game by making it slower, harder, and more annoying to get traction; they've increased the learning scope. In general I'm noticing way more bugs than a while ago.On the plus side, they've automated the annoying crafting process, but so far that's the only good thing i can see.Final verdict: I still have hopes for this game, due to my love of Terraria, but frankly it's dwindled quite a bit, and if you're looking for a Terraria clone, you'll find something that throws away everything that made Terraria fun, and added stuff that made it annoying and buggy. DEVS IF YOURE READING THIS, PLEASE FIX THE BASIC STUFF, like MOVEMENT, GUNS, and THE FRICKEN TARGETING OF THE LASER PICK, before moving to things like CREATURE SKINS, MISSIONS, QUESTS, GRAPHICS etc. Make the game playable before you make it pretty.7/1012/7/2016It didn't get any better. Apparently the devs left, so it won't get any better. What a bummer. I've given up hope. Just don't buy it."
76561198067849193,Not Recommended,238240,29935766,Posted: 14 February,all,ｔａｃｉｔ,Game's unfinished and abandoned yo.
,Not Recommended,238240,18282654,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,RetroNutcase,"Unfortunately with the abandonment of this game and leaving some crippling UI bugs in place, I can no longer recommend this game. It had so much potential, but it ended up unfinished. Go get Starbound instead."
76561197971022271,Not Recommended,238240,18077146,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,SkillFestGP,"Have you enjoyed games like Starbound or Terraria in the past? Then there will be a lot for you to like here as well. If not this game won't change your mind about this genre of games. The developers seem to have a real passion and want to make this a great game, only time will tell if they succeed. The game has finally come out of early access with a slew of new features and bug fixes. So if you were on the fence before now might be the time to pick this one up.Updated 12/22/2016Looks like this game has been abandoned by it's development team, which is a really shame this game had a lot of potential. As the game is now I can't recommend it, there are just to many bugs and half baked game mechanics. I would look into picking up Starbound or Terraria if you haven't already."
,Not Recommended,238240,31283585,Posted: 21 April,all,Akaris,I've never played a game that wasn't in early access that's this bad.
,Not Recommended,238240,30622164,Posted: 19 March,all,The☩Swedish☩Banana,The dev's gave up on it. Case closed.
76561198053315259,Not Recommended,238240,16253473,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,R.Y.N.O,"The devs just stopped making the game even thought it wasn't done. They hid it well for a while too, responding to my questions and stuff. But definently dead game."
76561197969332593,Not Recommended,238240,34230457,Posted: 14 August,all,Scumdrop,"Tried to play Multiplayer with my Nephew, have to manually do port forwarding and such, this should all be built into the game, what utter crap...Fail."
76561198042627248,Not Recommended,238240,18711689,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Oh worm?,Dead. It's been abandoned don't waste your money
76561198089853680,Not Recommended,238240,34672093,Posted: 1 September,all,NFG_Gamer,What you get when you have great artists and lazy programmers.
,Not Recommended,238240,26095291,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Tomas Nau,"The OST is the one aspect of this worth anything. Glad I got this on the steam summer sale and not at full price.The only thing I regret related to Edge Of Space besides wasting $6 on this is not being the first reviewer to call it ""Starbound's autistic cousin"" because it's SO true. Refund if possible, and if you're a smart person you'll stay away from it."
,Not Recommended,238240,6932224,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,Yaldabaoth,"At the moment, don't buy this game. I was sucked in to buy it in early access, and I actually enjoyed it more then than I do now. Despite the game being obviously unfinished, the devs haven't updated the game since December 2015, and their last communication that I'm aware of was in April 2016.Unless they decide to come back (which at this point I highly doubt) it's not worth it. Go get Starbound or Terraria instead."
76561198196368153,Recommended,238240,35139294,Posted: 22 September,all,liamleadbetter,"It's Great, but I would like to be able to play it on a mac."
