user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,238370,16022037,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Grant - Nice gimmicks.,"~~ THE UPDATE ~~EDIT: The return of combined element slots (for steam and ice) and the addition of a completely new Poison element have drastically changed Magicka 2. They return not only to restore what once was, but add even more to the game. If you had any doubts before, they are now gone.The devs have gone above and beyond to continue to improve the game, so much so that a 64% approval rating on steam is simply an insult. As a member of steam I trust you all to rate this game as it deserves to be rated.I will now readdress all of my previous points with the update in consideration.1. ComplexityThe complexity of Magicka 1 is back and more. Steam and Ice Slotting has returned with Poison to add into the mix. Do your classic combos and more.2. Enemy DifficultySingleplayer difficulty has been made easier with patches and you can revive your familiar. Stay mobile and use weaknesses. You can do it!3. MovementNot only is it an improvement IMO, but you can now revert to the original game's click and hold to move. Keep in mind though, this prevents scoot-n-shooting and makes things harder.4. Rebind KeysAdded in a patch.5. PvpStill want this------- Slightly outdated review below ---------As someone who has greatly enjoyed Magicka 1, I find many of the complaints people have regarding Magicka 2 to be mainly due to losing footing in their new environment. It's by no means a perfect game, I just want to share my opinion on some of the issues people have, and ways people can improve. (My time in Magicka 2 so far mostly consists of about 7 hours of the Sneek Peek)1. One of the complaints I see the most is a complaint about less complexity because of an effective rebalance to spells that used to combine multiple elements into one slot (frost + water = ice, fire + water = steam). In Magicka 2, the elements stay in their base form, taking an effective limit of 10 elements (if all were steam or ice) to a hard cap of 5. The elements are all there, but the combined ones now take up more room.A: You could rightly say that this removed complexity from the game. However, you would not be taking into consideration the developer's desire to base game balance on a true limit of 5 elements. I can understand it's fun to know and use only the best spells, but it is now more important to focus on the weakness of your opponent than just using the same combination of elements in 80% of all fights. The main use of combinations utilizing these elements was just the DPS increase. This change forces players to introduce diversity into their casting, and make more informed elemental choices.2. Enemy difficulty. So, it has been brought up that in Magicka 2 that enemies are harder to kill, and this makes the game very difficult for solo play. This is true. If you simply take Magicka and head right into Magicka 2, it is going to be a lot harder. The focus on elemental weaknesses and game rebalance have a lot to do with that.  Enemies are fast. It's now harder to just block them with walls. Ranged units are more accurate.A: What I found myself not taking into account until I got more accustomed to the game, was movement. In Magicka 2, the game expects you to keep mobile while charging spells and casting. This takes a little getting used to, but your movement as a wizard is now essential. While moving, ranged units have much more trouble hitting you, and melee units struggle more to keep up. Just set your path away from enemies and use whatever elements you want to take them down.  Feel free to stay just out of range while moving and casting electric varieties of spells. Take more advantage of the frost element to slow enemies. Also, as a slight aside, you now get a free revive from a little wisp buddy which helps the singleplayer difficulty.3. Movement. I've seen some complaints about the movement system in Magicka 2 feeling too slick.A: I am in support of allowing people to use Magicka 1's system of movement as an option menu choice. Constant movement is a big change. Having to manage your elements, movement, and aim can be tough. However, you'll be at a major disadvantage as far as kiting enemies, casting spells, and dodging projectiles are concerned if you revert back to the movement of the first game. The game has been balanced with its movement in mind (go figure), and frankly after actually adapting to it, I like it.4. The ability to rebind all of the keys.A: Needs to happen5. Official PvP modeA: Needs to happen."
,Recommended,238370,16255967,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,🅲🅾🅻🅳🅸🅴,"TL;DREDIT: I was a bit harsh in my comparison with the original; I recently replayed the first game and after a little longer with Magicka 2 I can see the benefits of the balance changes that were made.Magicka 2 is different from the original. It doesn't feel like it has improved greatly on it in any meaningful way, however it does feel more polished and there is a sense of freedom that was not present in the first game. Being able to move while you cast is part of the way you have to play the new game. My cohort and I had fun, but I can't say whether I had more or less fun than in the first game. Without my rose coloured glasses, I'd say this is a solid sequel. But the buzz killing bugs really bit me hard.6/10Learning to Spell AgainWhen I saw this in my Steam feed I bought it immediately as I reasoned that if it was as good as the first, it would be worth it. It downloaded in a couple of minutes and my first impression was not good; everything felt a little ""detached"" compared to the original; I think it might have been the camera, but also the controls didn't feel quite as responsive. I played through the prologue and put it aside as it just wasn't as fun playing by myself as it was with others and I didn't want to ruin it by playing through it on my own so I put it aside until a few more friends had bought it.It wasn't shelved for long as this weekend my brothers and I found ourselves with an evening to spare, so they both picked it up and we jumped on the opportunity to learn to spell again.We had started on Normal difficulty but because I had already played through the prologue and when I clicked ""Adventure"" the game decided to start from Chapter 1, so we restarted (on one of my brothers machines) and increased the difficulty while we were at it as we were kind of breezing through the first chapter even without remembering what we were doing. We started again on Bananas and it was a lot of fun, we really felt as though we were battling to make progress, wiping on the first few encounters until we found our rhythm and got our comms back up to scratch. It was quite rewarding on this difficulty level, and while occasionally frustrating it meant that we really felt like we were battling.There was an encounter in the early chapters involving some crabs. It took us a few waves to figure out how we could stop them spawning, and we beat the encounter. We were also exploring the levels as much as we could, trying to find the inevitable jokes hidden around. We were loving it. Until it glitched.My brother (the host, unfortunately) had gotten stuck somewhere off the map. There are no checkpoints after encounters so at this point we tried basically everything we could to get him out of that spot. We didn't have any emergency teleport spell at that point, but he was unable to summon any elements anyway so he couldn't have cast anything. The camera for some reason at that point wouldn't let us leave a man behind (while it quite willingly leaves people off screen in other situations, more on that later). All the fun and reward that we were experiencing while we were playing the game on Bananas difficulty was instantly converted into anger and frustration when we were unable to progress in a level because of an engine bug.Angry, we quit the level and switched out for a mini retrospective while we took a short break.What went well?The game was fun and challenging.What didn't go so well?The game crashed, punishing us for playing it, especially on higher difficulties.What would we do differently?Introduce a suicide option so when a player is glitched they can opt to die and a fellow player can res them.Oh wait we didn't build this. OK...What could we do differently as players?We were out of the refund windowStop doing things like pushing each other off the mapStop trying to explore every little corner of the mapDon't spend as much time in the game so it's less likely to crash out (rush through it)Don't spend as much time on encounters so if it does bug out it is less punishing (reduce the difficulty)All the above basically boils down to: have less fun.And we did.GraphicsBuggy animations; sprites would often remain electrocuted or in other states incorrectlyNew graphics are really niceUI/HUD takes up way too much of the screenWizard sword effects would randomly not be shown, or would show even if they were already usedCamera gets way too excited about cutscenes and leaves players behindControlsBuggy: conjuring some elements and then casting using the ""right click"" too quickly would often miss mouse input; this happened many, many times and forced me to introduce a conscious mental delay between when I would cast an element and when I would click the button to cast. That broke my immersion greatly and really frustrated me as it felt like I was battling with the input system. I didn't remember any such frustration in the first game, which I remember being far more responsive. I think this may have been latency related as I don't feel like it happened at all when I was playing single player.Movement sometimes jerked around, probably netcode (we really felt this during the final battle with the orbs)SoundsBuggy. Every level started with NO sound effects, just music, for like the first few seconds. We couldn't figure out a reason why, and it broke our immersion every time.Music was enjoyable and fit the atmosphereSound effects were fitting when they worked, but didn't play a huge part of the game; I would have liked more audible feedback for some aspects of casting, like some kind of clearly audible sound that indicated that you had successfully started charging an earth element's casting.GameplaySimilar to the first - pick your elements, spells and combinations based on your opponents and the situationSpells didn't carry the same powerful feeling as they did in the first gameReduced number of elements and made combinations simpler; less fun, less tricky to cast thingsQuick cast slots in addition to above nerfageBizarre HUD in multiplayer; really don't need to see the HUD of my teammates. Show me more of the world.ConclusionOverall, we enjoyed the experience but nowhere near as much as we had hoped. The game has a few bugs, and not fun ones. The experience of being a wizard feels nerfed from the original; spells feel less powerful, We had issues with controls, we had issues with stability and we had engine glitches that lost us progress and we had consistent sound bugs.As a fan of the first game, I feel a little let down. The first game was buggy as all hell, especially in the early days, and this game feels more polished but still has the sort of rage-inducing issues that hurt its overall enjoyment.If you are playing on a console or have some kind of physical impairment that means you can use a controller but not a keyboard+mouse, this game is probably a better choice than the original as casting has been simplified and you don't have to remember spells anymore. But if you are a veteran wizard who was looking forward to using all 8 fingers on your left hand again, you may be disappointed as it feels as though casting has been nerfed."
76561198056456773,Not Recommended,238370,20355793,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,luuk.schuring,"First off, some fo the good things:The graphics look absolutely gorgeous, multiplayer has FINALLY had the fix the entire community was waiting for in that you can now add players in the middle of a level, there are some new magicks and the boss fight mechanics are new and challenging in most cases.So why do I not recommend this game?In short: it's boring. Don't get me wrong, the chaos is still a lot of fun, but it doesn't really change, the story is virtually nonexistent, and it is so obviously intended for people who have already played magicka 1, yet it fails EXACTLY to bring that one thing magicka 1 players have been waiting for for years: something new.Magicka 2 is simply another expansion to the original game with slightly altered game mechanics and improved graphics. To be totally honest, I find presenting it as a whole new game a form of rudeness.I mean, sure, it has a lot of humour, but there is a problem with that as well:In most games, it is fun to find the occasional easter egg and laugh about it. In THIS game, there is so much humour around every corner and under every stone that it feels like the makers tried to conceal the lack of story with a boatload of cheap humour. In my honest opinion Seitokai no Ichizon had less reference jokes than this game.In short: if feel to me like the purpose of this game was not to bring a new and original challenge, not to please the dedicated fans, not to broaden the game's audiance by making a wholly new game from it (because with the amount of bugs in Magicka 1 a wholly new game was much needed)(not that this game is free of bugs, though it has considerably less), it feels like the purpose was to appeal to an audiance as broad as possible in order to rake in as much money as possible. They got me hook, line and sinker, but I have 9 hours in this game and I finished all relevant parts of it.And the extra content? Costs more money. Sorry Paradox but this is not what I paid for."
,Recommended,238370,16754123,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,The Hash-Slinging Slasher,"Absolutely inferior to the first game in every way except graphics and stability. Still pretty good, just has a bad case of sequel syndrome."
76561198012825255,Not Recommended,238370,22107836,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Judge Cudge,"Magicka 2, while promising to be a renewal of the original Magicka's splendor and gameplay, falls short due to it's core mechanics being defined by the clunky and unpolished wizard wars on which it was founded.Before I even go full rant mode, the most important thing for anyone reading this to realize is the following.-You are not allowed to cast spells as fast as you can input them-Somehow the developers caught enough good sense to put ice and other mixed elements back into the game, along with a few other things that were glaringly terrible about this sequel, but they never got around to removing this global cooldown time that is placed on all magicks in the game. So as a result, all single player gameplay involves you spamming intermittent nonsense until you die, casting revive on the fairy as you return, then scrambling for a few moments to see if this time around you can squeeze something useful in before death swallows you again.This along with changes to the implementation of a few mechanics makes the game decidedly less entertaining. For instance, in Magicka one, using a bunch of water and then weapon equiping it would increase the ""force"" of the blow drastically enough the send lighter enemies flying to their death, either by smashing into walls or off of an edge. Wheras in Magicka two, the enemy will simply get wet and pushed slightly.There are a few physics changes like these, and they all point in one direction, the ""shenanigan"" factor of the game has been shaved off by about 80%. By having the game elements even be partially borrowed (Mostly even) from a game that was attempted to be balanced for multiplayer pvp gameplay, they have removed the ridiculousness that made the pve of the first game such a unique experience.As a result, the game that turned you and you friends into left handed master pianists who slung giant instakilling lighting ice paths and huge rocks towards your foes, occasionally gibbing yourself and others in the process is long dead, covered in foam and with shortcuts and cooldowns slapped onto it.TL:DR The edge is gone, the fun is gone."
,Recommended,238370,17461931,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Max,"I just finished the game on my own on bananas (hardest) difficulty. The difficulty is not an issue, if you know how to play.This game is definitely more of a challenge than all of magicka 1.The engine is far more refined than magicka 1: the graphics are better, there are barely any bugs (one or two at the end), and the gameplay has been smoothed out. The physics are still rather clunky though.Just as the first game, however, the 2nd magicka game is made for co-op.The humor is in the gameplay (with friends) and in the story / script. The writing is excellent.I had a blast playing this game because of the intended challenge by the game developers and the writing. I'm not saying that people who do not recommend this game are wrong, but they are definitely short-sighted. They simply do not know that damage dealt against enemies depends on the enemy, rather than the spell you cast. I highly recommend this game."
76561197988603129,Recommended,238370,18068501,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,TisEric,"Well...Ill start with a simple statement , If you didn't like magicka 1 this is not the game for you.Magicka 2 is more of the same but with a few changes that are arguably worse.Ill be reviewing this game with comparisons to the first.Controls:The controls have been change around since magicka 1 , personally i don't mind it too much.You can rebind the keys if need be.The biggest change to the controls is the ability to move while casting ,It seems like a small change but it has a big impact on the way you approach enemies and the level design.You have 4 spell hot-keys to easy cast various spells and all spells have a cooldown.Casting from the hot keys increased the cooldown.The controls themselves are responsive and easy to learn once you dive into the meat of the game.Story:There basically is non , You are told to go find a ""child of prophecy"" and that's it.you will go from level to level and just kill things , you reach the end of the level and you are told to go somewhere else.You will complete the campaign in about 5 hours.Throughout the story missions there are puns and easter egges to find but the level design in extremely-linear and obvious so its not really secretive , there are no unlockables to find , you will recieve a set of thingsbased on the difficulty level you chose at th end of the mission.The campaign feels like a slug through endless maps that look the same with no reason to do so past unlocking new things and that makes me just sad.Gameplay:The general gameplay of magicka 2 is quite the same as magicka 1 , you have 8 basic elements ,You combine them to form spells and launch them at enemies or friendly Npcs or your friends.You have 3 upgraded elements that can be used by fusing 2 lesser elements.Above that you have ""magicks"" which are powerful spells you need to carefuly construct and execute.They often have powerful effects and do massive damage or control.Magicka 2 however seems to be designed to be played as a more hit and run style of play, you have very limited amount of powerful ""magicks"" and due to enemy resistances to certain elements you are encouraged to use your basic spells often. Magicka 1 on the other hand was more relaxed , you had 21 ""magicks"" with some exrtas as Dlc that all had strongeffects on the battlefield and knowing how to cast them effectively separated the beginners from the veterans.Enemies , level design , difficulty:This is one of the more subtle yet impactful changes to the game since magicka 1.There is a strong lack of enemy variety , There are factions and each faction will have the same enemy ""types"";Melee fodder - weak , runs in a straight line to you , weak to most elements.Melee specialist - stronger , runs straight line to you , has a quirk , has some resistances.Ranged fodder - weak , stands in place and shoots at you , weak to most elements.Ranged specialist - stronger , moves around , has a quirk or special weapon , has some resistances.Spell caster - rather large amount of health , moves around , uses magic typical to the faction , has strong resistances.Medium sized brute - large amount of health , sprints at you , mostly melee some tiems ranged , whole lot of resistances.Large size brute - most health , walk about stomping things , very slow.the spell casters , medium and large brutes appear sparringly , or even just in specific scripted parts.Magicka 1 had a lack for enemies as well but it made up for it with unique level design and scripted events.Magicka 2 has little to no unique areas to fight in , You get quickly bored of using the same spell on the same enemy-every screen.Speaking of level design , There almost is non.The majority of the levels are just linear walk from left to right with little to no hidden areas , special events , unique- encounters , Combat areas often are just normal grounds with maybe a hazard or 2 (hazzard being a puddle of water).Again magicka 1 didn't have a huge amount but it had some and they were almost all unique to the level,Often making a normal fight intense or empowering.Difficulty in magicka 2 can be summerized with one line;Made for 2-4 players.Going through the game solo , you quickly discover how the game completely shafts solo play.The enemy AI always gets close as posibble and swarms around you , often stun locking you in place.Due to resitances and quirks you must use cheap tactics like suicide / revive cycle where you unleash spells with no regard until you are imminently killed to be revived and then revive your ferry to proceed.( a mechanic thats allows solo play to even exist).The ferry simple acts as a reviver , you WILL die , often.The limitation on spell spamming and removal of a large ammount of ""Magicks"" since magicka 1 Force you into a corner of defensive running around trying to kill priority targets and avoiding one hit kill enemies.Its just not as fun , magicka 1 had a similar issue but with strong ""magicks""  and the knowhow to use them propery you could control the battlefield like a master wizard.Visuals , UI :Visualy magicka 2 is beautiful , the magicka 1 style with higher resolution textures and improved effects.The game has a neat presentation however not even close to magicka 1s.The UI is simple , to the point , sometimes confusing.I had to google a lot of simple UI features because the game never tells you how to do a hell of a lot of stuff,Such as how to change equipment.Overall experience/verdict:Magicka 2 feels like a 2 step forward 1 step back kind of deal.The core of the game didn't change much but with the new gameplay additions it feels more refined upon.the removal of ""magicks"" , focus on challenges / multiplayer , little to no story feels like a rushed job to make a quick buck on the magicka name, hopefully future updates  and Dlc make up for this.I would recommend buying on sale if you REALLY like the magicka series."
76561198038795071,Recommended,238370,16063453,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,RealmZero,"I have seen a lot of people giving negative feedback in reviews about Magicka 2 because they think that the spellcasting system is a worse version of the first game. This is simply not true. There is a distinction between Devs making deliberate balance and gameplay choices and removing features for the sake of removing features. Yes, there are many things that have changed and that have been adopted from Wizard Wars, but in my opinion a lot of these are not worse or better, they just change the way the player plays the game. Going over the comprehensive list of changes I've seen since the first one and why it's still a great game:- Spellbar nerfed. The elements that used to combine to one in the spell bar don't. This is the most major complaint I've noticed. However, the only thing this affects gameplay-wise is that lightning no longer works in the same spell with steam (intended effect), and lightning no longer works with ice (side-effect and a combo I actually miss). Nor can you cast 5 of steam or ice. This is obviously a balance choice designed to make it so that you cannot give wet status and deal double lightning damage to a target in the same spell cast. It's essentially a general debuff to wizard damage and makes the max amount of button presses per spell always 5.- Enemies are are buffed. Enemies move at you faster, are more accurate, have clever skills such as trapping you with walls and can swarm you easily. Noticeably enemies that chill you among groups seem to be pretty deadly if you don't remove it fast enough. There is more focus on finding the correct element to blast enemies with as they all have special weaknesses that take them out quickly.- Magicks nerfed and made easier to cast. There is now a hotkey system for magicks that makes them quick to cast and works on its own cooldown, and you can still manually cast magicks which also has a seperate, short, invisible global cooldown. The two methods can be used simultaneously to cast two magicks in quick succession. There are also a lot less magicks in the game than the first one. Some are still OP (looking at you dragon strike and thunderhead). You also get a little familiar should you so choose that revives you on death in singleplayer/multiplayer which itself can also be revived with the revive magick, giving effectively infinite lives. Push as a standard move (casting without elements conjured) has been changed into a Magick.- Movement is buffed. You can now move while casting spells; this can be hard to get the hang of at first, but is crucial for being able to kite and fight the now more challenging enemies. You can also heal while on the go. One of the more effective ways I've found to heal now is no longer setting up life mines but instead standard casting a rock element with four life element no charge at your feet for quick powerful heals.- Weapon Enchants are buffed. Enchantments that include projectile, beam, and shield type spells work similarly as a one time cast, but spray type and lightning type spells now remain on your weapon no matter how many times you swing with it, unless you come into contact with an element of opposite type or have it ""nullified"" (more on that in a bit).- Resistances are reworked. No longer does one resistance level of an element cause complete immunity to it, nor can you give your resistances to others by proximity. It is now on-self and staged in power, requiring more thinking/investment into certain defenses. One resist simply reduces damage. Two removes the harm of status effects, chilled, shocked, burning, frozen, and wet and further reduces damage. Three grants immunity to damage of the type. Four gives you major absorption to the damage type. This means for example should you choose to shield four death, yes you will be able to heal while spamming mines on your opponent, but you will be significantly weaker to physical damage due to not being able to add as much rock or ice armor to yourself.-Some spell modifiers have slightly less representation. Things such as adding more fire to a fireball, won't cause the radius of the fire explosion after the rock lands to be larger. Similarly AOE attacks won't expand in size. Sprays and lightning retain this ability to grow in range. Other modifiers stay the same, like duration or more damage from adding same type elements.- Lightning has been reworked. It has increased in spell priority to equal projectile type. Since lightning cannot be used with projectiles rock or ice, there's no info on which is higher. This means that beams no longer carry lightning but lightning instead carries beam element types. It also means that lightning mines are no longer available but instead create a kind of life or death vortex wall. Lightning also causes less stun than before.- Water knockback nerf. Water element knockback and knockback in general are greatly reduced but still workable. I still use it to keep enemies at bay and for wet status. Mines also don't send you flying nearly as far but some enemy attacks do. This can be frustrating as you can't que spells while in mid-air, something they should change.- Rock reworked. Charge time greatly extended and distance at low charge reduced. Happens to be a high damage option given that other high damage options are nerfed. AOE Attacks that include rock are particularly powerful since they can be spammed quickly such as water rock death fire (also strong standard cast). Or weapon enchantments like rock death fire x3. Using a single rock in standard cast attacks seems to be best for range and charge.-Ice has been reworked. Granting yourself ice armor does not cause as much damage with the thorns effect and it also has less damage radius. Ice shards remain powerful. Ice walls and armor now reflect beams, making them much more useful.- Shields reworked. They now work on a timer that cannot be extended, allow for movement through the barrier, and still protect against beams and sprays, but do not suffice against projectiles which pierce straight through now. The shield dome - shift-middle mouse - now causes a ""nullification"" effect, where it removes enchantments from your weapon, prevents you from adding more while inside it, and also removing and preventing the effect of status ailments on you, chilled, burning, wet (big bonus there).- Crossing life and death beams in Co-op. Now creates a 2000 damage blackhole. Able to be resisted with death resistance and a great cheesy damage technique. Risky without resistance. Life, death, and cold elements also appear to have kept the same qualities from the first game.On a side note, the campaign feels a little bit shorter than the original, and the humour and references, while still great hadn't tickled me as much this time around. As a plus, the boss battles are all more interesting than before, and enemy type design is more creative. It's a lot easier to hop into a game with friends or complete strangers, and playing through in co-op makes it miles better. If you are a die-hard Magicka 1 fan, and these changes don't sound good to you, stick to Magicka 1. If you're on the fence, get it when it goes on sale. All in all, in my opinion these changes make it a more mobile, defensive, challenging, and strategic game. I have a great deal of fun playing it and look forward to future related projects. Highly recommend it!"
,Not Recommended,238370,16304067,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Eonyte,"Magicka 2 was a decent follow-up to Magicka.Pros:+ Graphics are greatly improved.+ You can now choose to spawn with your preferred staff and weapon.+ There are now quick buttons to cast magicks. This takes away some of the game's difficulty, however.+ Familiars. These feel largely unnecessary but I suppose one could consider this a pro.+ Monsters seem stronger and have better AI.+ Some new and cool magicks.Cons:- Campaign feels very short.- Some magicks are only unlockable in challenges. This makes little to no sense to me.- No active staff abilities.- A lack of enemy casters. What happened to druids, disciples and goblin wizards?- Very easy boss fights.- Can't see where you can unlock certain magicks, weapons or staves.- Cringeworthy references.- Questionable balancing changes. This is only my opinion, but I sure will miss some of the fun combos. The problem lies in that they deliberately wanted to limit possibilities.Why not recommended? Mostly because of how short the campaign was. It doesn't come off as an improvement to the first game at all. The enemies are less varied, the weapons and staves to pick up seem less interesting. Maybe Magicka 2 will have some good DLCs in the future, perhaps then it'll instead be recommended. But as of right now, it doesn't offer much entertainment.EDIT: Additional pros and cons!+ New movement system. You can cast spells while moving. This is a really nice feature, to be fair.- Lots of magick from the first game are missing. Grease, Rain, Thunder Bolt, Tornado, Fear, and more. I really want to know why they weren't included.EDIT 2: Following the release of a much appreciated patch, the game is significantly better. However, this review is based on the release of the game.The poison element is a nice addition and so is the variety of magicks added. Thunderhead, Ice Tornado and the like. It's a step in the right direction."
,Not Recommended,238370,34219814,Posted: 13 August,all,Damper the Damp,"I played Magicka with one of my best friends - the game was incredible and one of my favorite games, and to this day, we still replay it once in a while. With that and mind, he and I pre-ordered this game as soon as it was released and - it was a massive let down. The first game was buggy and crashed a lot, which is its own problem, this game is very well polished and holds strong, but it simply doesn't have the spark that made the first game so fun. The first game had many, many hours of gameplay and replayability, and dozens of secrets to discover. There were references and jokes everywhere. But with Magicka 2, none of that stuff exists. There's a small handful of secrets that aren't that interesting to discover, there's no memorable scenes, there's no fun and clever references. In addition, the story line is shorter and less memorable. Overall, it's a decent game, but if you're coming here from the first game, it's a disappointment. Here's pros and cons:PROS -- Very polished- No easily identifiable bugs- Decent spellcasting mechanics- Better combat than the first gameCONS -- Short story, especially compared to the original- Very little replayability- Far less spell invention and discovery- Far fewer references- Very few secrets- Limited play"
76561198044729147,Recommended,238370,32172096,Posted: 4 June,all,Skramblz,"Big fan of this series, and though I do recommend this game, I would also call it disappointing. It was a fraction of the length of the first game, with the story mode being only a few hours. There were spells you had to unlock and not as many you could simply discover on your own. If you are into the magicka series, you will also feel disappointed, but if you are new, and this is your first time, you will probably love it. Overall if you are interested in this one, i would say grab it up, but wait for a sale."
,Recommended,238370,17585923,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,XBOX 1488,-Bought game for me and my friends-Booted up game to play the story-We play for 5 hours-We are still at the beginning killing eachother10/10 would recommend for the entire family
76561197962873295,Not Recommended,238370,30347293,Posted: 5 March,all,rainwalker,"The joy of the original Magicka was in EXPERIMENTATION & DISCOVERY - being happily surprised at the unpredictable, clever, and often amazing ways that magic could be used and how different kinds of magic would interact, often within somewhat realistic physical constraints, combined with powerful & fun items with unique abilities. This made for exciting opportunites for strategy but also some fun randomness. There was a tremendous amount of experimentation leading to fun outcomes.Much of that feeling was gone, in Magicka 2. There were far fewer spell combinations, far less exciting outcomes, far fewer items with fewer unique abilites, and generally much less opportunity to be surprised by clever interactions, abliites, and outcomes. To be frank, this was a boring and very disappointing follow-up to Magicka fans who were hoping for a game that would take the great experimentation & discovery from the first installment and EXPAND the formula and content.Instead, we got a much more constrained, much less fun sequel, with much less overall content. I understand that people who are coming to this game for the first time may not care about Magicka 1, but imagine if Magicka 3 has even LESS available spells, combinations, and items... it's not a recipe for long term success. Game franchises should get better and add more content over time, not get worse and offer less."
76561198078139201,Recommended,238370,25217155,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Onyy,"Get the cloak that makes you heal from arcane, spam arcane aoe and smite youself in the head every now and then with hellish power. Turn your skype volume off so you can't hear your friends screaming at you for killing them constantly. Win the game without any help from your sandbag friends.My friends are now actual sand bags... but thats ok because I learned how to summon an army of undead who I can heal with rage inducing dubstep and the blood of kittens."
,Recommended,238370,16020870,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Kilgenmus,"Well.. There is a lot to discuss about the game actually. But Paradox clearly tried new methods in a good manner. They didn't want to screw up, people liked Wizard Wars! So they implemented those aspects of the game rather than the first one.First of all, Small group of friends and I are playing Magicka related games pretty often. I love the creativity of the game. The freedom of spells and elements. Yet, this is where this game fails. It has it's original humor, original easter eggs (Despite the people who think they are same, there are quite a bit different ones. Look deeper friends!) and a small portion of mechanics. But when you change the core aspect of the game, it can be pretty hard to get used to it.I understand all the hate. When i started the game first thing i thought was ""Dude, what the hell? Why did they made another Wizard Wars?"". Controls were different. Spells were different. Combinations were, well... Simply, you cant mix water and fire anymore. It won't turn into smoke and you can't make stupid combinations. That maybe a plus for a PvP game. But in this kind of game, i expect freedom. Not illusion of choice.Yet, i like the game. I get used to it. Try to get out of your comfort zone. I believe it is about that.This kind of big changes can attract different attention. I don't think this game deserves a negative review. They made a superb story. And if any of you finished the main story, you should also consider the magick dropping mechanic. It is a great addition. It works for your friends, also.So, if i sum it up;Pro;-Superb story. (Maybe a personal opinion.)-Great humor. Very similiar to the first game. You should also play that and Wizard Wars as this game is about both of them.-Pretty pretty Magick mechanics. You will experience them as you go along i won't spoil them.-Vlad is not a vampire.-You can fry everything you see! Almost...-Good puzzles if you know where to look. Best easter eggs and references i see in the game history.Cons;-Oh the mighty optimization. What have i done to you? Paradox can surely work on that, but it was expected.-What i call 'Illusion of choice'. They restrict your ability to cast. If you are familiar with WW, this is not important.-Vlad is absolutely not a vampire.-Pretty short.Overall I don't think this game deserves the hate it gets. If you know magicka, buy this immidiately. If you don't, try Magicka Wizard Wars. If you like it, buy the first, then this. It is the only game that can be this absurd and this good.Hope you give it a try. And let's not forget, it will get lots of DLC's too.Sorry for my English, as it is not perfect."
,Not Recommended,238370,16021483,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Light Cavalry,"So far, I cannot recommend this game.I loved the original Magicka and can still recommend it for lots of fun, co-op and solo.This? No so much. The combat system is oversimplified, and while I can understand them changing mechanics so people can't just use the same combinations they did in the last game, it seems like all the nuance of spellcasting is gone. Rather than having to come up with complex combos to kill enemies, I've found myself using very simple and boring combinations to kill enemies, like fireballs.Most importantly, I can't recommend you play this game solo. The original magicka had some difficult sections, where you had to really think and diversify your techniques to pass. This game is not like that. It's difficult to the point of being unplayable solo. Enemies swarm you, knock you over, and one single enemy can kill you in just a few hits, and there are typically at least ten enemies on screen at a time. Furthermore, shields are practically useless except for protecting against one single element, and when you respawn you are immediately vulnerable and typically spawned right in the middle of a group of enemies.This doesn't require nuanced, flexible thinking, it *REQUIRES* at least two players to be won. While I love co-op games, this game is supposed to be playable solo. Some would call me a masochist because I insisted on playing through the original solo. But this? So far I've found this impossible.In general though, the controls feel floaty, you've lost the sense of feeling powerful that you had in the original (powerful meaning dangerous, even to yourself), and it feels like they just slapped the terrible Wizard Wars mechanics onto a new story that I likely won't be able to complete since few of my friends have any interest in this game and it's impossible solo.I really, really, wanted to love this game. I was totally ready for another game just as good as the original.This is not that game. Only buy this if you'll be playing it with friends the whole way through and don't mind an inferior product."
,Recommended,238370,18286449,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Sevrick,"This game doesn't deserve this low of a rating. It may have in the past. An update has fixed alot of the beefs people had with and aperently didn't change their negitive review thus the mixed rating.Pros:*Move while casting. (While this does take some getting used to it adds more functionality)*Graphics look awesome watching videos don't do it justice.*Much Improved Physics.*New Element Poison. (This adds alot of gameplay value. Think of the possibiltes with a posin element.)*More in depth sheilding from elements (Ok in Magicka 1 when you cast Sheild + fire it would make you immune to fire. If you added more fire it would increase the radius. Magicka 2's version are as follows ""1 Shield + 1 fire= small damage reduction"", ""1 Shield + 2 fire = Resistant"", ""1 Shield + 3 Fire = Immune"", ""1 Shield + 4 fire = Absorbtion"". I just used fire as an example, you can use any element.)*Spell hot keys*More difficult (Yes that is a bonus dispite whiners that say. People basicly cried because they couldn't finish the level with out some setbacks.*Artifacts (Unlock Artifacts that make it as hard or as easy as you want by equiping them in a play though.)*More Balanced (you can't just spam the heal spell and expect to be fully healed in 2 sets of all heal)*Ice spell is way better now that in Magicka.*You can have a load out preped while charging the spell you got. For example you go all rock spell while the rock is charging you can enter another spell combo so it's ready to go after you have fired the rock.*They have quite a few unlockables giving you plenty to do.*They have mode called trials which is like challenges that unlock as you progress through the story.* Enchanted weapons are not just a one swing and yoy have to re enchant but are timed.Cons:*Some places are still buggy.*The move and casting spells has a slight learning curve but prety easy to get down.*When transitioning into a scene your stored combo is gone. (This might be a balance issue)*NPC Heads aren't realy to scale. (Does it realy mater though?)I realy did try to think of cons but as you can tell by the last one I was grasping at straws.All in all I wish people would update their review this game is worrth the buy."
,Recommended,238370,31765385,Posted: 15 May,all,Ekosha,1 Player 2.1/102 Players 7/103 players 9.5/104 Players 100/10
,Recommended,238370,21290559,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,calibrojosh10,"What I liked:Still got the funnyCrazy friendly fire explosion of chaosStill love the element combination and interactionsEnemies are more varied, with all have immunities and weaknessWhat You Need to Know:Got one new element PosionYou can now move and attack, supports controllersRequires a Paradox Account to play onlineHas quick slots for the magickas now( you can still do it by inputing as well)My Score:A+Paid: $7.50Completed in: 6 hoursGames similar:Helldivers ( from the original developers of Magicka)Nothing else really"
,Not Recommended,238370,29104962,Posted: 7 January,all,aglqtypzvm,"Me and my friend loved the first Magicka. It took us 14 hours to beat, and I was satisfied with how much fun I had in those hours. Magicka 2 took us 6 hours, and while the movement was much more fluid, 6 hours is not long enough. I would not reccomend this game. I would rather suggest playing HELLDIVERS, a co op twin stick shooter made by the same people who created Magicka; that game has much more content and is much more fun."
76561197984240645,Recommended,238370,18307215,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Aquanaut,"If Magicka 1 has very positive feed-backs, and it is for sure an awesome and unique game,this one is nothing short of outstanding positive.Magicka 2  runs great, dropped some old elements from the previous game but it got  new ones.Gameplay is more balanced and dynamic, Enemies have a lot more elemental strengths and weaknesses  so changing elements now became more important and necessary.You can move around casting spells , different from before.New loot,there's an hotbar now with  4 assignable spells with cooldown.It has some good improvements and that's a fact, Magicka 2 got even better than before, with minor changes.It lives up to the name and fullfills the craving for more  Magicka."
,Recommended,238370,16043198,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,AlBaTross,"So Magicka 2 is finally here..I played through the first few chapters of the campaign, and did some challenges and trials.Has this game changed a lot compared to Magicka 1? Yes it has.Is it a good game nonetheless? It very much is.So the spell system was redone, or rather, they used the system of Wizard Wars, the biggest changes being the secondary elements now taking two slots with the original elements instead of just one, (example: Steam = Fire + Water instead of just Steam) and the priority of the casting type was rearranged, (Lightning has a priority over Death/Arcane) and while this new system needs some getting used to after Magicka 1, I think it's a good change. It takes away the ability to create some of the most overpowered spells I know, and while it was a lot of fun to just wreck everything in your path with the steam beam, this way it is a lot more balanced.Te controls are different to both Magicka 1 and Wizard Wars. and while I do think this is the best of the three games, (especially the way you can now walk while casting a spell, I'll come back on that later) It would be a good thing for this game series to just be consistent, instead of players from older games having to get used to the new controls all the time. (But hey, at least they didn't change the arrangement of the spells, that would be horrible!)That being said, the one thing I really missed in this game is the lack of the ability to rebind your keys.. I mean.. come on..The enemies are, in my experience, a lot harder than they used to be in Magicka 1. This is partly because there's more focus on finding the weakness of an enemy and using it against it. It takes some time to find the weaknesses, but I like this change. There isn't just one spell that kills every enemy for you. Rather you have to use different methods to defeat different enemies. Additionally, ranged enemies have much better accuracy, and I feel like enemies are made a lot faster, which really means you have to always be moving. The movement mechanic helps a lot with this, as you can now keep walking while you're casting a spell. (It also allows you to come up with some ""impressive"" dance moves) Overall, the enemies are a lot more challenging, and require you to actually adapt to every situation.The new magick system is certaintly interesting, and I like how quickly I can use them now. however, (and this might just be a bug) I was unde rthe impression that if you memorized the elements needed for a certain spell, you would not have a cooldown. This however didn't work for me, and I feel like, even if not the lack of cooldown there should be some kind of ""reward"" for queuing up the right elements instead of mashing 1, 2, 3, or 4.I love the addition of artifacts. it allows you to play the game in so many different ways. I haven't finished the campaign yet, but if when I do, I can do it again with the artifacts I've unlocked, and I would experience it in a whole new way. I like the trials a lot too, though similar to the challenge mode, it sets different goals, for example defeating an enemy within a  certain time span. This further allows the game to remain interesting even after the campaign is beaten.Finally, how can you talk about Magicka without mentioning all the hilarious easter eggs? In my opinion they're just as fun as Magicka 1. And I've had a lot of fun finding them. This really brings a lot of humor to the game, and makes it that much better!So what do I think of this game?Pro's:- Great spellcasting mechanics which balances the game out A LOT compared to Magicka 1.- The movement mechanics. Especially the ability to walk while casting.- Challenging enemies which require you to find their weakness and adapt to every situation.- Artifacts!- Hilarious easter eggsCons:- Controls need getting used to- Lacks the ability to rebind keys- No reward for memorizing magicksDo I recommend this game? Yes. Although, it has to be said that Magicka 1 players might have trouble getting used to the changes. Players from Magicka Wizard Wars, will have less trouble adapting to this, however, it is still a different game.As a player of both Magicka 1 and Magicka Wizard Wars I can say that though it might need some getting used to, this game is just as amazing as the other two Magicka games, and I guarantee you will have fun with this if you can look past the changes they made from the original Magicka. and may even come to the conclusion that the changes are not as bad as a Magicka 1 player first getting it's hands on this game might think."
76561198027825047,Not Recommended,238370,16082591,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Fisty,"death fire beams will get you through the entire game, barring one secret bossThat goes against everything the first magicka was about. The whole point of you being a stupidly overpowered wizard was that you were up against insurmountable odds and had to cleverly find the right spells for the situation. Everything just zerg rushes you in this game and shields are useless except for absorbing a single element. All the weapons are meaningless and they're far and few between. The staffs have no actives and add very little to your gameplay. Magicka 1 would make an impressive sequel for this game. Sadly the opposite is not true. This game greatly improves graphics and somewhat improves online play. The servers aren't♥♥♥♥♥♥anymore, but you have to make a paradox account and you're always online, which is a con for me. The magicka system had all the finesse taken out for some reason, I'm guessing to appeal to console gamers. Now there's a 3rd row of 4 keys to worry about rather than having to memorize combinations. My friend and I stopped even bothering with other strategies about halfway through and just burned our way to the end with death and fire beams. Enemy AI was somehow notably weaker than in the first game and the game only lasted about 5 hours. I'd recommend buying this if it's on sale, or playing it if it's gifted to you. It's nowhere near worth listed price."
76561198057347355,Not Recommended,238370,16015295,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Quack,"The quality is a bit lower than the first game. Me and my friend played coop for almost 2 hours and our experience was:-My friend has some serious issues with his SFX. They just turn off at the beginning of each level and they reappear after several minutes.-My Graphic effects turned off at some point of the game. I'm not able to see any of my spelled casts anymore  (This lasted, and still lasts forever. Restarting the game, verifying game files etc. did not help.)-Stupid AI mistakes. I don't know why, but the enemies just stopped attacking us and just idled at their place.-The camera is horrible. It separates you from previous sections, which restricts access to secret areas you missed.-You are able to walk out of the world (instant death), this is in the second level, when you turn the water into ice to be able to walk over it.-Also, we were drawn into the water by an unknown force.I do not consider this playable."
,Recommended,238370,16861597,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,CaladielZ,"im new to magicka, never played the first one, so my review is only based in this one.I really like, i find it challenging and fun, but its not a game you will enjoy playing alone that much, and since there are more players in the first magicka, finding someone to play with is hard.Probably gonna try the first one some day, but until now this one is pretty good. Worth the money :)"
,Not Recommended,238370,16021473,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Duwang,"169 hours in Magicka 1, Magicka 2 did not live up to the original.Firstly, the game is still unoptimized. After several years of working on a new engine, I'd expect Paradox to atleast consider some of the problems Magicka 1 had faced. One of those problems include being unable to be played on a labtop/integrated graphics card.Controls are wonky, and are unable to be rebound. Why change the AOE spell cast combination? It feels very uncomfortable if you've played Magicka 1. Mouse movement is confusing to use, and difficult to switch between movement and casting orientation.Spell balancing to Wizard Wars' degree was not required. Changing lightning to override arcane was a bit much. The famous Arcane Steam Beam longer exists. Instead, you can't even mix steam with lightning anymore, along with ice and lightning. Spells are also noticeably weaker.The game is clearly meant for the PS4. Ingame options are not available. Quickcasting Magicks removes some of the aspect of memorizing certain combinations. Memorizing certain Magicks rewarded the player for putting effort into remembering a combination.In conclusion, Magicka 2 has created more problems and flaws than Magicka 1. Spells feel weak, controls are meant for controllers, keys cannot be rebound, Not optimized. If you're a fan of Wizard Wars, this game may be for you, but after I played Magicka 2, I feel that Magicka 1 will always be better."
76561198019623419,Recommended,238370,31980325,Posted: 26 May,all,Kregna,"Pretty good game. Unlockables a lot of funDamn annoying that it defaults to mutliplayer mode though... you have to remember to tick the 'private game' box every single time you play, otherwise you'll get people joining your game... why on earth doesn't it just have a 'multiplayer' mode rather than make normal play default to multiplayer?"
,Not Recommended,238370,16014345,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,suicide anyone?,"God damn. I really Wanted Magicka 2. Instead I got a dumbed down version which changed many default combos like Arcane-Lightning into chain lightning instead of a beam, the controls are just ehhh, and the shields can be walked through???? Paradox, im upset. Its just wizard wars with 5 element slots. Nothing else. and we all know that game was a fail.Stick with magicka 1.UPDATE: With friends, it Is a little better , and there is a new very OP combo with the healing and arcane beams crossing, but still, missing key Magicka features. Definitely better with friends."
,Recommended,238370,22587560,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Kemezryp,"Polish version is also avaible on this rewiew. Just scroll down.Magicka 2 is awesome continuation of old, good Magicka that we (mostly) know and love. Before update called ""Spell Again, Again"", the game wasbadin many ways. For example there was only few Magicks (spells like revive, haste etc.) and there was no steam and ice elements. That update fixed almost everything. And the poison element has been added!Pros and cons:+Possibility of casting spells with 5 elements having a choice of 11 - water, life, shield, cold, lightning, arcane, earth, fire + steam, ice, poison and using them on several ways - front, self, area, on weapon.+Possility of playing multiplayer with wizards from entire world - up to 4 players.+Big choice of robes (+ skins), weapons and staffs, that you need to unlock (witch is fun ^^)+Game modes - Adventure and many challenges+Gamepad support.+BEAUTIFULsoundtrack and good graphic.+Humor on every step. :)-No PvP mode - this hurts me the most. :c-Completing adventure mode for the first time takes up to 4 hours.-Only few Magicks (comparing to the first game, where there was 35 of them).Summarizing the game is really cool, even if you are playing alone. About DLC - They can be a little too expensive, but if you really want to buy it! :)Polska wersja recenzjiiMagicka 2 to wspaniała kontynuacja większości nam znajej Magicki. Jeszcze przed aktualizacją ""Spell Again, Again"", gra byłatragicznapod wieloma względami. Dla przykładu było tylko kilka Magick (zaklęcia typu ożywianie, przyspieszenie itp.) oraz nie było żywiołów lodu i pary. Aktualizacja większość naprawiła, a nawet dodała nowy żywioł:truciznę.Plusy i minusy:+Możliwość tworzenia zaklęć z 5 żywiołów, mając do dyspozycji 11 - woda, życie, tarcza, chłód, błyskawica, śmierć, kamień, ogień + para, lód i trucizna oraz rzucanie ich na 4 sposoby - przed siebie, na siebie, obszarowo, na broń.+Możliwość gry multiplayer - 4 osoby.+Duży wybór szat (a do nich skinów), broni i lasek, które się odblokowuje (co według mnie jest fajne ^^).+Tryby gry - Przygoda, próby, wyzwania.+Wsparcie kontrolera.+PIĘKNYsoundtrack i dobra grafika.+Humor na każdym kroku. :)-Brak PvP - to boli mnie najbardziej :c-Przejście trybu przygody (pierwszy raz) zajmuje tylko 4 godziny.-Mało Magick (w porównaniu z pierwszą częścią gry, gdzie było ich 35).Podsumowując gra jest naprawdę fajna, nawet jeśli grasz samemu. Jeśli chodzi o DLC, to wydają się one troszkę za drogie, ale jak kto woli! :)"
76561198005140137,Not Recommended,238370,16018805,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Caridor,"I want to state, that writing this review, makes me want to cry. I loved Magicka 1, I put 88 hours into that game and this is unfortunately a massive downgrade.First off, always on DRM. You lose connection while playing single player? Hope you like having to open the task manager and close down the damn game!Second, the game play is highly iterative, which is fine. I think we all just wanted more Magicka, but they've made changes to the spell system which essentially mean that not only is there less variety in terms of what you can do, but most of the spells you can create do very little damage, so you're not encouraged to experiment, which is basically the whole point!Because no spell does decent damage, you're basically keeping to the same ones over and over.Some might claim this is balanced, but it doesn't feel fun. In the first game, a fully charged rock would blast it's way through a horde of weaker enemies but in this, it not only takes forever to charge, but it bounces off the first one! This doesn't feel fun, you feel weak.They also removed alot of the ""magicks"", certain spell combinations that triggered specific effects, such as tornados or summoning zombies. So you have less variety with that as well. They can also be keybound, which lowers the skill requirement and thus, the feeling of success when you pull it off.So to recap, the magic casting system has been gutted, castrated and beaten into the ground, possibly to get the game on xbox.Having finished the game, I have to say that I'm very, very dissapointed with the lack of enemy variety. I went through the game and met less enemy types than the original and most of the enemies were cut and paste from the original name. For some reason they decided to dissapoint on enemy variety, yet remove the magicks that had really cool effects, such as vortex.I will say though, the last boss fight is pretty well designed. It played out alot like an MMO fight and even if it is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥in single player, it has good design.BUT unlike the first game, it doesn't test your ability to use various magical spells effectively. In the first game, you had a banished demon wizard (if I remember correctly) and if you didn't use certain magicks (lightning bolt and time warp), it was a really tricky fight, but you had the tools you needed.The last boss fight in this one, is more about timing and positioning, which isn't neccesarily what I wanted.The humour is still there, but if you're after that, I'd honestly suggest watching a let's play and as someone who played 88 hours of Magicka 1, that makes me weep."
,Recommended,238370,32870964,Posted: 27 June,all,Pcpyro,This Game is an amazing follow up to the first game. Fun by your self and with friends.  You should buy
,Recommended,238370,26323025,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,♠.Novice.♠,"My experience in Magicka 2 vs Magicka 1.I'll start it off with the first time I played Magicka 1. The moment I started to grasp the concept of regular combinations, element combinations, and the special spell combinations, thats when I begun to experiment on so many spells (be it regular spells or the special combination spells, or both), and found it absolutely fun at how I can play the game differently each time and would still enjoy it nonetheless.Thats when I absolutely fell in-love with Magicka. It promised a sort of freedom to your utilization of these spells. And the better you got at utilizing regular combos or utilizing multiple special combination spells, the more satisfying the gameplay was.People tend to have different opinions and first impressions with this game, so I'm going to state my opinion and hope people would understand that I, as a person writing this review, do not present the entire community who plays magicka.As I have loved Magicka, I got excited with Magicka 2. It promised something a bit new. Movement while casting a spell, and I thought ""This is amazing! Just with this Magicka would be even more fun!""... I didn't pre-order. I waited about a year because I had other stuff to do. And when I was finally free, I took the chance and bought this game.The campaign was never spoiled to me. I never knew the story progression. And I certainly didn't look up all the available magicks, whether old or new in Magicka 2.So I got in here. Bought the game without hesitation, downloaded it, load it up, and played for hours.It was hard! I loved it! I was doing it alone as single player, so naturally, it was difficult progressing. And I just wanted to finish the campaign so that I can make a new game and search all the spells. And then join public games.-Now this is the part where the disappointment comes in-As the game ended, and I finally opened up my web browser to search for all the spells.I was shocked to know that so few spells were actually in the game.The old ones that I loved and even the old ones that I rarely used (but still used nonetheless) weren't there anymore.Magicka was more about weapons and dodging, and thinking of clever use with the upgraded regular spells.(Absorption aura is awesome, I'll give them that. but I now have to use more than one element multiple times just so I could be immunite to it. And  you can only ever be immune to just 1 element. And that got me sad.)The madness and chaos of using spells like Thunderstorm, Meteor shower, Vortex, Conflagaration, Phoenix, Invisibility, and even the meager Rain spell... was nowhere to be found. (I used to do Rain spell + Blizzard spell back in Magicka 1. I loved freezing my enemies)It might be found in the other modes. I don't know, I have not checked.But this wasn't the magicka I know.. The idea of making incredible combos and whatnot were slightly there.But the larger special combination-spell combos (Like Rain + Blizzard) were gone.And I couldn't help but feel, for the first time in the entirety of my Magicka gameplay experience... feel disappointed.(Again, this is just my point of view)Magicka is much more crazy now with some few added spells and new upgraded-regular elemental spells.But I think the lack of... Chaos... that the old spells gave... made Magicka lose a bit of its charm.I will still play Magicka 2. It is fun, there is no doubt about it.But I can only wish and hope.. That one day a dlc campaign will be added. And all the old spells added into the game, as well..A man can dream, right? A man can dream.I just wanted to get this off my chest.Because it just saddens me on how I miss my old spells.Well, that's all I've got for you folks. Time to jump back into it...Happy spell-ing! XD(*casts thunderstorm on unsuspecting allies*)"
76561198036142874,Not Recommended,238370,30538057,Posted: 16 March,all,Clockwork Shotgun,"I was immensely excited about Magicka 2 when I heard it announced.I LOVED the first game. I loved everything ABOUT it. The insanely powerful spells, the magic combos, the insane and chaotic difficulty...This one has... none of that. You get a max limit of spells, all on a cooldown.The combos are weaker and having the spells as they are means you don't even need to do the combos to really cast them (quick cast!).The fights are.... the last fight is just a game of ""soccer"" against a little kid in between kiting a golem. Where is the challenge? Half the enemies kill each other, so what's the point of you being there?The campaign I finished in like two hours, and I felt no real sense of epic quest like I did in the first one. It has funny moments, sure, but you basically wandered around a bunch, then you went and imprisoned a little kid forever and it's not entirely explained what they did wrong in the first place. But eh. If you like good magic games... go play the original."
,Recommended,238370,18050420,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Sephard,"The devs really care about making this game the best they can, and I only hope people begin to recognize that and give the game a chance.Yes, it demands a high amount of player skill, but there's nothing wrong with that. It's invigorating to be able to pull things off in the face of such difficulty. For more fun, get friends to play!"
,Recommended,238370,20770290,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,DeltaBoss,"First off: Most / Nearly all negative reviews are based on older versions. Yes, the game sucked when released, but now it runs smoothly. The only problems my friends encountered were some game-steam connection issues when they first started it; but who knows if that wasn't good ol' steam's fault.If you played and enjoyed Magicka 1, you should definitely get this aswell. If you didn't, you should find a friend or 3 and get this as a group. After all it's a co-op / 'kill your friends' game.+Neat graphics+Smooth engine+Great humor+A bunch of achievements for achievement hunters"
,Recommended,238370,28691705,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Rowdy,"Pros:-Better Graphics (obviously)-More combinations of elements-More of the combinations have their own unique looks-Extremely easy to play online-You can shortcut 4 Super Magicks on numbers 1, 2, 3, 4-Variety of robes, swords and staves to choose (must unlock)-As in the MOBA version of Magicka, your gear will give you both strengths and weaknesses.Cons:-No Arena (survival)-No PVP (there's a free pvp only Magicka to make up for that)-Only my Xbox Controller worked, none of my USB controllers did.-Relatively Short-Reduced amount of Super Magicks-Only the main character will be saved, the others won't retain customization and will be named (Characters guest 1, 2...)Conclusion:It's a great, fun, casual game. Some extra work could be done, and you shouldn't expect every feature of Magicka 1, but the fun is still here."
,Not Recommended,238370,29342031,Posted: 18 January,all,mo1016,"My friend and I loved Magicka 1 so we had high hope for the sequel. The problem, it's just like Magicka 1 but a lot shorter and stages are forgettable. Should've been much more... :("
76561198039837876,Not Recommended,238370,16045794,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,BumperPants,"Have you ever fallen in love with a movie or a book only to be horrendously disappointed by its low quality sequel? Well if that concept were not already introduced to gaming, Magicka 2 more than fulfills the stereotype. I was looking forward to seeing what new and exciting improvements to one of my favorite games was released only to find an extremely dumbed down cash-grab sequel. Everything I loved about the original game was♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥all over or completely removed. Lets name a few of those things:1.	No more combos- The experimentations and discovery of different combinations of magics is what got me hooked on this game in the first place. I couldn’t wait to see what new spell combinations awaited to be uncovered in Magicka 2. What were they? NOTHING! In fact, worse than nothing! The most devastatingly powerful spell combos of the previous game were not only rendered completely useless in this pathetic imitation of Magicka but the elimination of the ICE and STEAM elements cut in half the number of combinations available in the first game.  Ultimately you are stuck using the same 1 or 2 spells over and over and over and over.2.	Spell Duration: Sofar the longest spell duration I have seen (haste, armor/immunity, spell walls, etc) only lasts a few seconds. You are constantly having to recast which makes you vulnerable to attacks which totally defeats the purpose of buffing up in the first place. Not even an aoe rock barrier is useful anymore.3.	Protection:  Physical  armor (rock/ice armor) can be cut through like butter by even the weakest enemies, not to mention there is no weight value anymore (even though it slows you down a lot). You will find yourself constantly being hurled through the air or knocked on your♥♥♥♥♥by every bit of damage that comes your way.4.	Weak offence: Status changing effects such as cold, burn and stun may as well have been completely removed from the game. No more lighting fires and running, no more cold spells to protect yourself, no more defensive barriers, no more fun in general.5.	AOE spells have been reduced to almost melee range. Boulder takes 10 times as long to cast. Lightning doesn’t bounce worth crap anymore. Shield walls don’t do damage. Lets face it, you are stuck using beam attacks almost exclusively now, something I hated using before.6.	Shield spell: OMG, just take the damn thing completely out of the game! Enemies walk through it like it isn’t even there. Shield have 1 purpose in Magicka 2 – to deflect beam attacks. Wow, that’s like, 1 enemy that you will ever use it against, and it isn’t even useful then since the cast size is super tiny and it only lasts 3 freakin seconds!7.	Mouse controls have been completely scrambled! This wouldn’t be so bad if there were some interface options that allowed you to customize which buttons did what- which there isn’t. If this were a stand-alone game, that would be ok but since it is a sequel  you cant jump back and forth between each game without having to re-learn the controls.8.	Dumbed-down big magicks: Hot keys? Really? REALLY? What differentiated the pros from the newbs of Magicka 1 is their ability to remember and speedily cast difficult big magick combos. Now just assign them to buttons 1-4 and press once. No skill required."
76561198043245929,Not Recommended,238370,30306696,Posted: 3 March,all,BlackLegoNinja,"This sequel took everything I loved about the game... the overpowered spells to kill your friends with, the unique weapons, useful staffs, secret areas, funny story, the hilarious references to other games and abandoned it all.  There are few weapons, the story isn't engaging, the spell casting is much harder with cooldowns between spells, and the bad guys end up doing most of the damage to each other.Single player is all about dying and reviving your fairy while letting the bad guys do the work.  Instead of being a cool wizard, your character is a wimpy slow moving cooldown king that can't get damage in edgewize.I haven't done multiplayer yet but single player was so bad I won't recomment that my friends buy the game to let me even try the co-op mode because single player was that horrible.Two thumbs down"
76561198013004737,Recommended,238370,16247641,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,sam_large,Extremely fun to play but HORRENDOUSLY unbalanced when comparing single player and multiplayer - some missions were impossible/uncompletable playing on your own but laughably easy with team-mates.Cutscenes can be skipped by any player which is fine if you've played it before but irritating if it's your first run through and you don't know the story.Reccomend with friends
,Recommended,238370,29312844,Posted: 17 January,all,PLAYERKNOWN,This game is really fun...Only if you have friends to play it with
,Not Recommended,238370,31007135,Posted: 7 April,all,hodlcap,It's like magicka except they added the grinding from WoW and had Jerry Seinfeld write the script this time. I feel like I just played through the Bee movie.PS: It took 4 hours to finish the story and my friend and I are incompetent.
,Not Recommended,238370,16325271,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Norzel,"Magicka 2 makes me feel... Betrayed. Kind of.Changes are questionable at best.Humour...A bit more agressive. Not offensive, agressive. First magicka was like a shy, clunky but funny wizard, who isn't takes himself too serious. By the times of the sequel he bought a red nose, bright stupid robe and megaphone and roams the streets, screaming ""LOOK I'MA CLUMSY WIZARD! LAUGH!""Point: Most of jokes there have no point.Okay, maybe this one isn't correct, and first game was just as screaming ""I'M FUNNY"", and it's my nostalgic-o-filter removed any bad memories. Soo, this part will be in the final score, but have no influence on it.Magic system changes...Huge nerf hit the best steam-shock-arcane and ice-earth combos. R.I.P. my only usable lategame/DLC spells. Basic wind attack are magicka now. Also, cooldowns for everything. EVERYTHING.They put a high priority in nerfs. Are we playing serious PvE MOBA now? ..wait, aren't those two terms mutually exclusive?..Point: Unnecessary, even stupid changes.Difficulty...I was unable to pass trough a some point where you should spin a water wheel. Why? I was alone. Enemies keep spawning endlessly, and water wheel needs to be constantly showered for... For at least 15 seconds, I guess. More than enough for crabs to butcher a player.Point: Simply unplayable at singleplayer. Like at all.Looks like that part with water wheel got changed a bit, with flow of crabs replaced by a few scripted bunches. That point will be rewritten after I make it to the end. Still, no one of my friends wants to buy it now.Interface and controls...My god.Warning: lots of bunnies ahead.First. What the bunny is this? Hotbar? It's just... Wrong. Magicka is a game about pure button mashing, with disadvantage of high error chance being an important part of the first game. It's like for a fighting game devs to include hotkeys for instant combo attacks.Second. What the bunny is wrong with this camera? At the moment battle beguns it moves to the monsters, basically instantly cornering player with enemies all over the screen. That's bunny beautiful.Third. What is this, strafing? Okay, where is my covers, regeneration, machinegun and first-person view?Games where attack (shot) happens when you press mouse button may need strafing.Games where attack (boulder throw) happens after you release mouse button should NOT have strafing. It's bunny annoying to aim.Fourth. Loading screens. Menus. Tips.Ahem. Are you... Wait a second.Ahem.ARE YOUBUNNY KIDDING ME?! IF DEVELOPERS ARE TO BUNNY LAZY TO SIT TEN MINUTES IN A BUNNY IMAGE EDITOR AND MAKE A TWO BUNNY SEPARATE ""Press X to continue"" IMAGES FOR PC AND CONSOLE, THEY SHOULD ALREADY CONSIDER FINDING A NEW BUNNY JOB. Mostly because such laziness shows how much they care about what are they doing. It's literally twenty minutes of work at worst, and it pokes in the eyes of every player from every bunny loading screen!Okay, maybe it was due to some technical limitations. Then I'm sorry.BUT IT ISN'T BUNNY 80s, AND WE AREN'T PLAYING 8-bit CONSOLE GAMES, ARE WE?Point: Embarrassing. Ugly status effects. Annoying strafing. And I don't want to know what button I should press on gamepad my PC don't have.Graphics...Okay, spells looks cooler than in first game. But they are just taken from Magicka: WW, aren't they?Point: Better than in first game, same as in MWW. Nothing looks improved.Final scores:ElementEffectHumourVlad/10Magic changesNerf/10DifficultyAlone/10Interface and controlsBunny/10GraphicsMWW/10Combination of those 5 elements?Preordered it 3 months ago and almost sorry about it now."
,Not Recommended,238370,16024489,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Idiotech,I fail to review Magicka 2 and rant for 10 minutes instead.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sM4hcddefoQ
,Recommended,238370,32895268,Posted: 27 June,all,An Ill-Fated Sociopath,"Magicka was one of my all time favourite games for it's wit, janky and lovably buggy maps and mechanics, and it's genuine charm. So let me say that Magicka 2 had a lot a to live up to, and did not disappoint. Firstly, a list of the pros and cons for returning players. If you were a lover of the original Magicka, here are the main cons of Magicka 2:Most maps no longer have fabulous glichesMuch less crashing, and almost no major map bugs due to low frame-rates on guest computers in multiplayer.A much smoother and more user friendly spell-casting system, with much smoother balance between elementsThe pros? Basically all of the above, plus:A new and wonderfully cliche storyline with which to mock all games (and several stories) ever made,Fabulous pop culture references, complete with some of our very favourite fantasy novel characters (whom we can of course murder viciously),A reminder to neither spend all of your starting gold on ammunition, nor to die of dysentery on the way to your journey's end,and finally a new system for creating games and customizing the difficulty of your play through with unique effects and modifiers to greatly increase replayability.In short, Magicka 2 is another wonderful game filled with good humor, deadly friendly fire, unique spellcasting, and an ongoing debate over whether or not the wizards are actually the good guys. So gather your friends, break out the vanilla equipment, and prepare to embark on an epic (hectic) quest to save the world, murder pop-culture icons, and unlock epic  loot and world ending magicks. All the best, and I hope you all love Magicka 2 (read ""murder you friends"") as much as I have.An end Note:Magicka 2 runs perfectly acceptably on my Acer S56C ultrabook, so have no fear about requirements, even a moderately excusable laptop/desktop can run this game without real trouble."
,Recommended,238370,16157081,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Giovanni,"It is been 4 years since the first game in this franchise took the world by storm. Its gem you ask? The unique spellcasting mechanic that is. In Magicka you could combine 8 elements to create unique spells to fight with. Together with 4 ways to cast them. Death or Life turns every spell into a beam, add shield to create bombs, or use shield without it to create a wall.Magicka 2 redesigned this system with what they have learned from this games multiplayer counterpart Magicka: Wizard Wars. They have tried to get rid of the redundancy of spells present in preceding titles. They did a sufficient job, Death used to removes lightning unique feature of hopping from enemy to enemy. Magicks are available to cast directly instead of having to sequence the elements, although the option is still available and reduces the cool down timer significantly. while having to  It is all wrapped in a new story which feels much more alive than before. And yes it is still packed with popular references and memes.However the game is still packed with unused mechanics, quite a shame. The game never forces you to think of new spells. Enemies have nothing more than a weakness or strength. This, together with the short tutorial forcing player to remember everything in one go. Results in some unsatisfying gameplay, repeating one spell over and over again. Sadly  people never use complex combination like ice or steam because a simple spell does the job just as well. The same goes for the different ways to cast a spell, cast around you and cast weapon are completely abandoned as soon as the tutorial finishes.This is all not to say that I didn't enjoy the game! The game is fantastic and with a group of friends turns in one of the most hectic games to date. The game stand firm in line of the Magicka series and deserves a strong recommendation. I just hope the developers figure out a way to reduce redundancy even more, may there ever be another game."
76561198069137421,Recommended,238370,30930489,Posted: 3 April,all,Gagné,"This game is amazing, I absolutely love it. Everything about it.Highly recommendedI just wish it were longer.I'm going to go through and play it again now."
76561197968104436,Recommended,238370,30594521,Posted: 18 March,all,Guerrilla,"Fun but doesnt capture the magic from the first game, i liked some of the changes done with moving and casting. New element is good but i don't like the shield nerf. Havent played PvP at all yet, I'll update my review later."
,Not Recommended,238370,28682599,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,BinarySurfer,"The game is VERY short. We beat it in 3 hours. The developers also closed down their PVP servers pernmently in July 2016. What did I buy? Another ""No Man's Sky"" where only half the game is available? If you're interested in the game, use your money somewhere else. There isn't much here."
76561198013111354,Not Recommended,238370,22604858,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,The Darkness,"As compared to Magicka 1Pros:Mobile casting, improved AI, enhanced graphics, poison element, a few uinque new spells, familiars, custom itemization.Cons:Damage is restrained, spell cooldowns, much fewer spells, water is less forcefull, fewer (non-DLC) scenarios, short main campaign, bland story, tired humor, less secerts to discover, less interesting scenarios.Overall, if you really enjoyed the first Magicka, this one is worth buying....on sale. It lacks the ""oomph"" of the original. It inherits more from Wizard Wars (bad) than the original (brilliant) unfortunately. If you've never played either, go buy the original first."
,Recommended,238370,16039713,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,TheWackyWombat,"After playing around in Magicka 2 for a few hours I found it to be a enjoyably chaotic experience.The game teaches you the basics of spell casting, and introduces the different core concepts, but doesn't hold your hand. You're expected to experiment and learn magic combinations, usually by accidentally killing yourself and/or your friends. It also does a good job of forcing you to adapt by introducing new enemies and challenges which may be resistant, or immune, to certain elements, forcing you to change on the fly.I played Majicka 1 and, although I enjoyed it, would never consider it a favorite of mine. The ability to move while casting added in Magicka 2 is a huge improvement, IMO. It gives the combat a more frantic feel, and seems to increase the number of 'accidents' in multiplayer, especially when mines are involved. Many people are upset at the fact that you can only have 5 spell elements at the same time, instead of 7, lowering the total number of possible spells. I'm on the fence about this. On the one hand there are fewer game changing spell combinations available, but on the other hand I never used 90% of them in the first game. Quite a few still exist, but they're require less elements to cast and many of them have been added to a quick cast system for emergencies. It's much better for newer players to pick up but still allows skilled players to use powerful spells without assistance.One of the things that doesn't quite seem up to Magicka 1's level is the writing. Magicka 1 was overflowing with jokes, references and gags. Some of that still exists here, but it's more spread out and subtle (I use that word loosely, and in relation to the first game). The entire world is a parody of... well, everything and unless you've played the first game you'll probably miss some things.When you plan to play Magicka 2, you should definitely try to play in a group. You CAN play solo, but half the fun comes from all the chaos generated from multiple players scrambling over each other to survive.  *NOTE* I was mostly playing a game with either 2 or 3 players and it seemed like the difficulty in a 3 player game rose disproportionately. May have been a skill issue, or game might not be properly balanced for 3 people, not sure.If you've never played Magicka 1 I would definitely give Magicka 2 a try. It's not necessarily a better game, but easier to get into and more forgiving early on. I would suggest Magicka 1 veterans to try it, but I realize not everyone will like it. The changes between 1 and 2, especially the ability to cast on the move, make a huge difference and not everyone likes that.I urge those that are on the fence, or hated magicka 1, to give Magicka 2 a try. $15 less than most AAA DLC these days, and compeditive to most Indie titles. If you like it I guarantee you'll get more than your money's worth."
,Recommended,238370,18111173,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Just Gertman,"Magicka 2 is great, but it's lacking content.A lot of people are complaining that the spells aren't off the walls as magicka but really there was only 4 crazy spell combos in Magicka, the difference here is Magicka 2 balanced a lot of it; it could sound bad if you want to feel like a wizard bad♥♥♥♥♥but they've added larger hordes of enemies and if you do it right, and it's harder to cast perfectly (since enemies are as fast as you), killing every crab chasing you feels amazing.The magicks global cool down feels really bad as a veteran Magicka player but I can understand it from a gameplay perspective, without it you can revive your entire party in a second making challenges and the campaign a joke with  2 - 4 people; though if I'm getting into that Magicka 2 adds ""familiars"" that revive you and you can revive it assuming you stay alive for the duration of the invicibility frames. The quick cast system is obviously catering twards noobs though they don't impose on better players and can infact be used in a sort of ""hidden tech"" fashion to allow a burst of spam casting.If you want large amount of story mission this game will not improve on that, but it feels more varied since your arsenal needs to include more than the ""EQRASR"" pillars of death. Sheilds are less about forcing as many elements into one as you can and more about what is actively going turn you to mush.OVERALL: I think this game is an improvement but it isn't bolting off starting line, We need more levels and arenas."
76561197963043397,Recommended,238370,16180141,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Caligula Jones,They need to scale up the boundaries or scale down the players and npcs the space is too cramped and tking is out of control. The locked team cam is supremely annoying you can't even see whats firing at you if you have someone lagging behind. I like the game though and I hope they address these issues in future patches.
76561198064983164,Recommended,238370,16121598,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,"Uncle ""Up-Chuck"" The Fuck Truck","As fun as it is, I play solo mainly and with my experience so far playing solo is half-impossible. There are situations such as bull charges instantly jet-planing you off cliffs, getting walled with 15 enemies around you, and other instances where there is close to absolutely nothing you can do to save yourself, and since you only get 2 chances to live before you restart, this gets very aggravating. It wouldn't be a problem if the spells that do damage did take as much time to cast, but due to to that, the challenge of actually winning isn't as enjoyable due to how much strain you have to pull off just to live for more than 30 seconds."
,Recommended,238370,23606289,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,[CPL] TobyM88,If you have played magicka YOU MUST PLAY IT I COMPEL YOUIf not:-Diverse Gameplay-Creative Spellcasting-Kill your Friends!-Play magicka 1 as well-PVP-The Safeword is Banana
76561198000302344,Recommended,238370,16124965,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Nahtu Ω,"+ Improved net code and stability (played thro campaign without crashes or connection issues, that alone says alot)+ Same good humor (Dem finnish-gibberish Dwarfs. SAUNAH!)+ Able to choose your robe, melee weapon and staff before starting the game (No need to worry about your stuff going thro floors or grounds when dying, getting resurrect let's you keep your stuff you pick from loadout screen)+ Soundtrack (I always loved magicka series music, despite majority not being too memorable)+ Artifacts+ Closer to wizard wars (more balanced than first magicka)-  Closer to wizard wars (some hilarious game breaking spell combos aren't possible anymore and element combinations are somewhat limited)-  Movement can be quite slippery (feel like someone smeared bacon grease on my feet)-  Somewhat awkward camera (getting blocked by HUD or sitting edge of the screen, unable to see what you're doing)-  Still no vampires (I am suspicious about Vlad tho...)As good as Magicka 1? not really. but doesn't come far from behind and in my opinion it's worthy of an sequel. Get some friends, and you will have good times on the land of Midgård."
76561198119284395,Recommended,238370,16162505,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Sithlordmog,"Best spell casting game i ever played.Magicka 2 has a funny and good storyline and is very very very very very very fun with 4 friends to play with.I wrote 6 veries because IT IS SO FUN!!!!Kill your friends follow a awesome story,kill your enemies,kill yourself and laugh.There is so many stuff you can do in 1 chapter of the game.Only sad thing is,it only has 9 chapters(missions) and it goes very quick if you just go to just finish the chapter IF you are with friends, but solo play is also fun but much more diffucult and longer."
,Recommended,238370,16284617,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Fly sniper,"Hagrid: You're a Team Killer, Harry.Harry: I-I'm a what?Hagrid: A Team Killer. And a thumping good one at that, I'd wager.Harry: No, you've made a mistake. I can't be...a-a Team Killer. I mean, I'm just... a wizard. Just a wizard.Hagrid: Well, Just a wizard, did you ever make anything happen? Anything you couldn't explain when you were angry or scared?"
76561198074647661,Not Recommended,238370,28240883,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Full Cotton Jacket,"Coming right off of Magicka 1, this is turning out to be a disappointment. Spells feel underpowered. Enemies move too fast and  swarm around you constantly. The UI overlay sometimes kills you by blocking your player from view. Spell orb selection is faster (at least on a controller) but doesn't stick in muscle memory like it did in M1. Customization of additional players in local co-op seems to be lost between gaming sessions, and you can't change these players' names (this worked in M1 too). A lot of minor frustrations that add up and ruins a game that could have been great."
76561198004127481,Not Recommended,238370,22887574,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Nox,"Magicka 2... what to say...I would rate the game as ""playable"" but thats about it. Overall the game feels really bad and I will try to explain why.1. StoryThe story of Magicka 2 is there but it doesnt really set in. In Magicka 1 they take their time to tell you the story and after each level you get these nice little scenes in the book where Vlad speaks to you. Magicka 2 has none of that, the story just gets told on the go in a blunt and shallow manner that makes your journey to save the world (again) feel like doing some sort of boring sidequest you wouldnt even bother to read what its plot is. The ending of the story is also very anticlimatic and doesnt feel like you finished the game at all. The story starts slow, doesnt build up, misses a climax and then just ends.2. CombatCombat in Magicka 2 is fast paced and action oriented. Sounds like fun but it really isnt. Casting spells is a major part of the game since they have this unique element system but you dont really have the time to enjoy it. Almost all enemies in the game are really fast and come in numbers, they will surround and kill you unless you cast defensive spells but that will just buy you time. AoE works in the beginning stages but later on with harder enemies they will just outdamage you.So what to do? Magicks. About 80% of all my castings in the game were Magicks, as they can be done quick with the new quick-cast for Magicks and some of them are ludicrously strong and will finish off all enemies after 2-3 casts if you use the right ones. Also you will have to teleport a lot.So instead of using this great combinationsystem with the elements you just spam the numberkeys 1, 2, 3 and 4 and use a shield or healing element occasionally to stay alive.3. Enemy DesignThe enemies in Magika 2 feel too fast and too strong, the elemental resistances some of them have are understandable but there are some questionable/random resistances. Some enemies have annoying attacks that are hard to avoid unless you teleport.Bosses are in the game but they feel like unimportant Minibosses. The music, their appearance and their mechanics dont quite generate the feel of a bossfight. There arent that many too and some of them appear repeatedly.The last boss is also very boring and either a pest or as easy as killing a single goblin. Nowhere near Grimnir and Assatur.--I love Magicka and I really wanted to like Magicka 2 but after the first level I was already thinking ""Just play through it quickly so you can put it aside forever"" since the combat was unenjoyable and the whole game just felt boring."
,Recommended,238370,18055533,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Marcotlo,"I never played Magicka 1. but I was really intrigued by its magic system, so I preordered this game and it was awesome! I never had that much fun. But then it got updated, and now it's even better! Now Steam and Ice can be combined with other elements, that wasn't possible at launch, and they added Poison, a new element! Now this is probably the best game I ever played"
76561198055462666,Recommended,238370,16474316,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,yogurt boi,"(This comes from the point of view of someone who played magicka one, and wizard wars.)Pros.The new ai is great. faster paced monsters and battles, makes for an exciting expierience. There is a decent variety of monsters for the relatively short campaign.Similar yet different humour than magicka 1. Laughter may vary, but I enjoyed it.Not mentioned a lot, but i like the method for changing difficulty by adding different talsimany things. bananas difficulty looks like a hell a lot of fun with 300% friendly fire >:)Lots of fun easter eggs to find off main path.Graphics are awsome. A lot of attention to detail in every level.Casting while moving was carried over wizard wars. 10/10 would kite again. Opens up new strategies, but came with a longer charge on projectiles.ConsCampaign felt kind of short and wasn't as convuluted and strong as magicka one. With that said I will probably play through it multiple times at different difficulties with different people. (just completed a solo run). (also the unlocking of new items, and challenge levels give the title a little more meat to chew through).Just like Magicka 1 the expansions will probably all be paid dlc, which sucks.The higher level magicks are given a coolsown, andcan be activated through a button. You can still qeue elements to cast the spell, which effectivle gives you more spells on your hotbar and can be faster or add more of a challenge. The cooldown is honestly short enough where I didn't notice it (except for revive) but I rarely used magics in either magicka.Other commentsThe spell system changes for magicka 2 are not as big of a deal to me as made out by other people.The big difference is you cant combine steam and lightning or ice in the same spell, so comboing spells is more important now than finding your favorite op spell.The companions don't get in the way and are basically only there to revive you. Solo run became a lot easier when I realized I could revive them after they used up there rivive on me.There is this one battle early on with a jamming song replayed in the credits, best part of the game. I wish the song and the battle lasted forever.I can see how other people might be dissapointed by change, but I'm not. Nostalgia got in the way of other people, but the mechanics are solid and my biggest complaints are with the plot and the campaign itself."
76561198016642627,Not Recommended,238370,16018191,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Zbug,"Played with 3 friends, had a few good laughs, finished the story in 4 hours, not impressed."
76561198261505811,Not Recommended,238370,28091333,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Sans,"I played through Magicka 1, I beat it. I played it, and I played how I wanted to play. I used many magicks and spells to defeat many foes. It was an exhilarating, humorous, and wondorous experiance. A little while after beating the campaign, I was bordely browsing the Store. I saw this game had a sequel, so, immediatley, I bought it. What I found was a subpar destruction of the play-your-way magicka 1. It was now, not so good. The campaign is riddled with forced humour, where as Magicka 1, the humour felt natural. Like it was made by a bunch of close friends, joking about. Not anymore. Now, it was a good campaign. Although the only entertaining joke I got was 2 people who wanted to mary horses. Might have just been the same guy, actually. But, now that's all humour, what about the gameplay? Turds compared to magicka 1. It was no longer this, play-your-way game. But this thing where the players have next to no tools. Where, rain can make many wizards near useless. And others shake in their boots. Before, there was a way to work around rain. Nullify, AOE sheild + dry off, Arcane. Now, no nullify, your sheild is broken with little to no effort, and it seems they want to force you to use Arcane. If you couldn't use Arcane, you couldn't play in this game. Meanwhile, in Magicka 1, you could cast many spells and magicks without even needing it. Magicka 2 builds up disruption, this ancient spell which makes people drop magicks at will as better than Vortex, if I had Vortex, I would've beaten the final boss without trying. They removed freedom, and nerfed what you have.In short, if you want more magicka 1, turn around. If you are new, play magicka 1. Screw this game where the only way to win is to spam revive because you just got one hit by the final boss."
,Recommended,238370,17572234,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Varghests,"Learn to Spell Again!First, if you are not absolutely afanof Magicka, you cannotlove this game too much. But if you're a Magicka fan, why are you still waiting tobuyMagicka 2?Magicka 2, wasshorterthan the first game. If you search secret places, weapons, staffs, etc, you can finish in 9-10 hours. But if you want to finish doing all the achievements, it will take more hours or days. After finishing the game it does not end anything. It allows you to play Challanges mission more.Another favorite of Magicka series of humorous conversation to occur as well. In addition to selecting various artifacts you can make the gamefunnieror moredifficult.Better GraphicsBetter GameplayBetter EnemiesBetter SPELL EFFECTS! HELL YEAH..!Meh.. Good story.Better MusicNOTE: Vlad is not avampire!Thanks Paradox Interactive Team and if you buy Magicka 2, have fun ;)"
,Recommended,238370,25301590,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Spookyseer,It's like Magicka but with even more silly humour and such.
12365245626526645,Recommended,238370,18180973,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,The Cannon Man,"I absolutely love this game, no question to it.  It is most fun, however with other people to play with.  Some people dont enjoy games in witch you have to create new combinations and experiment a little, but I personaly think that experimentation adds to the fun!  I recomend this game to anyone who enjoys a little experimentation, and loads of spell=casting fun"
,Recommended,238370,18483516,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,misterdee,"this game definitely worth the priceall the negative reviews worried me at first when I considered buying magicka 2I was like, screw it, let's give it a shotand nope, the story is not short, it took me like around 10 hours to finish (perhaps because imma noob)And this game has its replayability, not to mention the challenge mode you get to try after storyand it is not impossible to be finished singleplayer, at least for me, i finished it on normal difficultythe spell casting problem people are complaining about (water + fire wont make steam) no longer persistswater and fire when conjured will combine to become steamthis is because interactive paradox listens to the community and hope to stick to what the community wishes to haveno need to complain anything, just tell them and they will listenJust an epic gameI r8 it 8/8 m8"
76561198067332323,Not Recommended,238370,16023609,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,A Man Named Ove,Got excited for this game for nothing.
76561198028346708,Not Recommended,238370,28804212,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Night-,"Just a mediocre expansion pack to Magicka 1.Way more frustrating because spells feel weak and there aren't any efficient combinations to deal with packs of stronger monsters, meaning that on your own you have almost no chance (I completed Magicka 1 twice so not quite the newbie...)Wouldn't recommend (or just buy 1 instead)"
,Not Recommended,238370,16021077,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,ommy,"It's unfinished, that's all it comes down to.Way too many bugs to list such as drowning in small puddles, single player being almost impossible due to mobs that are essentially immune to attacks from the front (you can hit them with some AOEs...), losing items when you die in single player (it makes sense to drop them in MP, however in single you don't regain them when you hit retry... thus you're kind of screwed).Edit: Some of the best spells are cast as an aoe, however probably 50% of the time my shift key doesn't register and I end up killing myself because for some reason they put aoe on the same key as self cast. You cannot change keybinds."
76561198035892867,Recommended,238370,16123447,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Fyr3fly,"Alright, so I'm keeping in mind that this thing is $15 and that it's meant for multiplayer. I prefer to write reviews based on a game's own merit, rather than comparing it to it's predecessors or other games.Pros:The game is fast paced and challenging in certain situations.The elements in the game are relatively well balanced. There is oftentimes no catch-all spell that solves every problem.The major boss fight is significantly difficult, but not punishing.Magickas do not need to be memorized, although it is beneficial if you do so.Lots of unlocks and 'artifacts' to diversify your game and lengthen play-time.Everything is deadlier in it's base form, meaning that battles are quicker, and the game gets boring less quickly.Boss battles to get awesome items. Good idea!ConsUniversal Magick cooldown. Not a good idea. Players with quick fingers should be rewarded, not punished.There aren't a lot of Magicks. More magicks would mean more diversity of spells in the game.All summonable minions die in about 5 seconds. They're not worth summoning.Some items make the Death element the catch-all spell for everything.The most useful and complex spell is easily cast within 5 minutes of starting the game. It does not need to be discovered, and no experimentation is necessary. In other words, there's no learning curve.The game feels 'dumb'. Everything is a cinch, and nothing is genuinely challenging until you get to the final boss.Enemies have access to powers you can never hope to use.The boss fight puzzle's solution is thrown at the player in big bold letters. It's easy to understand what needs to happen, but the Disruption spell has about a 2 second warmup phase, and by that time the beam to be blocked is empty. Easy solution, but difficult execution. I would rather there be multiple solutions.The main story is far too short.Elements don't combine. Steam and Ice are weaker than fire, cold, and water alone because they use less elements. Furthermore, why not other combinations? Fire+Earth= Lava, Life+Earth grows tanglevines, for examples. If you're not going to give us a lot of useful magicks, then increase the diversity of ordinary spells.You have to re-do the 10 minute boss fight every time you die in the middle. It requires attempt after attempt after attempt after attempt just because you keep respawning at the beginning of the 4 stage fight.Enemies summon insta-kill spells on top of player, no chance to save except through memorization of the fight.Built for console. Really, this game was never meant to play on a console, and it shouldn't be dumbed down in order to be playable on a PS4.Compared to the original title:Faster paceRuns better on most systemsDeadlier base forms of spellsNo combining elements upon summoningFewer magicksClick-and-hold healing makes for less spamming.Fewer and less useful items and staves.Easier bosses (except for the last one).Honestly, the first game was a lot better. However, you get what you pay for, and this title is worth about $15. I reccomend this game for anyone looking for a cheap way to kill 3 hours, nothing more."
,Recommended,238370,16364700,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,siqueirapowered,"After having played a lot of the first Magicka, I expected this one to be at least on the same level, however... it clearly wasn't. It still is a good game, don't get me wrong here. But don't you think it's better than the first one."
,Recommended,238370,32873417,Posted: 27 June,all,Existential Horror,Comedy wizard simulator is a fun game
76561198082335987,Not Recommended,238370,16021022,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,G41R_B34R,"~(*please note anything in this was fixed. I'll give props that they fixed that issue and hell even added a new element, I played al little more and at the time of this edit I still find it to be hot garbage*)~Magicka 2 can be summed up in one word, disapointing.All the mechanics work find and all of the bugs have been fixed.  Net code also works properly for once.  The artifacts seem to add to the gameplay (some may say to much) and do a few cool things.  However Paradox made some real stupid ♥♥♥♥ing decisions in the process of making this game.Lets start with the elements.  ~(*IN order to create steam you need fire and water, in the old game this would make it take up one slot now it just shows as fire and water.  NOT ONLY does this take up 2 slots out of your 5 but gets rid of any synergies you could have.*)~  You can no longer add lighting to steam and other suck combinations.  Ice has similar problems.  All spells have been nerfed that are not using the space bars or hot keys.  No longer can you do some crazy♥♥♥♥♥combination.  It is all sub par, you used to feel like an irresponsable untrained wizard who would often blow them selves sky high.  Now your a sub par piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥  So if you want any cool spells you have to rely on any books you may find.Artifacts suffer from they are the only thing you should really know as differnet they have been marketed to there defeat. Artifacts act as a custom difficulty, you can get a certain health percentage, damage done/dealt, also there are a few good gimmick ones. You unlock artifacts by playing the game and completing challenges. Do I think they add replaybility value?  Yes, but not much.  I do have a gripe with them however.  Artifacts don't work as a slider like you think they may, but instead are individuals.  Let me explain:  Say I have a #3 life boost, that will give 150% to life spells.  In order to get a 200% boost I would need to get life boost #5.   This leads to a lot of grinding.  Though you can't get copies where you get the artifacts you want you have to figure out. IF your like me and are not a fan of certain gimics and cosmetic changes when you unlock the wrong one you just get upset.  Finally if you use a custom set of artifacts, which you can have up to 6 active at a time, you cannot unlock anything.  I can understand why that is so, but if your like me I actually tried to set the game to the most like the older one as i could.Lastly I would like to mention campaign has parts in it where the combat can drag on (specifically a gate where you have to spam the same spell over and over, while fighting enemies.)  They do this a lot in the first game but it felt fun to do this you just drag on to the next level and hope it gets better, so far it hasn't.There is a limit to the spells.  and where they dumbed it down for ps4 really shows.  The humor is ok in this game.  Some lines are pretty damn good, and the game looks great aesthetically and graphics wise.  I feel like I want to like this game But i simply cannot.  I'm to focused on how much the gameplay lacks and most of which is fun.  Great I'm an average everyday wizard who has one or two good spells.The original game was very buggy and still is, but is extremely fun.  Anyone who has played the original should not buy this game there are so many little nitpicks I could choose to talk about and everyone who played the previous game would know what I'm talking about.  If you really want to get this game then wait till it is on sale.  It is extremely hard for me to say that a 15 game is worth less than the original, but it is.  Hopefully in the future Paradox will listen to people who have bought the game.  Till then I am going to recommend the original over this any day.PS: I hope you found this review helpful, again these are opinions and say what you will.  Also sorry if it was a bit of a read, Cheers ;)"
,Recommended,238370,16018251,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Baldmeggs,"Is Magicka 2 different from Magicka 1? Yes, in some ways.Is that a bad thing? Not necessarily. It may be more approachable for people using gamepads, but using a keyboard and mouse, I can still use all the Magicks I know by heart whenever I want.The most important thing is: Magicka 2 is just as hilarious as the first one and I still kill my friends almost as often as I kill myself. And occasionally, usually by accident, I even manage to take some goblins with me.The people whining about how the game was ""dumbed down"" mostly seem to be the exact same people who are complaining that they can't fry everything in their path using only QFASA for the whole game. Yes, the mechanics changed a bit. It's ""Learn to spell AGAIN"" after all - it's right there in the bloody title. You have to figure out some new spell combinations. So what? It's fun. It's challenging. THE ♥♥♥♥ING COOP WORKS! Loading screens last about half a second instead of five minutes. The game doesn't crash randomly and refuse to let me rejoin my friends. It's all I ever wanted from Magicka. I could even compare my stats to those of my friends! And I totally would if I didn't have to shamelessly lie about them because, in case I hadn't mentioned, I die. A lot. By dropping rocks on my head, crabs eating my face, and setting fire to my own sorry♥♥♥♥♥♥ So I guess it's not that different from Magicka 1 after all..."
,Recommended,238370,16158949,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Phoenix,"Vlad is still definitely not a vampire, but he is confirmed to have magic jazz hands. Good game."
76561198116386830,Not Recommended,238370,16022512,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Nonsense-Gamesense,I absolutely loved Magicka 1!!! When I heard that 2 was coming out I was so excited.But in my mind I feared that it'd end up ♥♥♥♥♥♥ like Wizard Wars with just 3 elements at a time. In the end it wasn't that bad but because water + cold (water + fire too) doesn't fuse into one element it limits the amount of spells you can do. So now there is not lightning with steam or lightning with ice for epic damage. Then the camera is zoomed out but at the same time platforms are crammed and shrunk so it's a complete slaughterfest when a horde comes at you. Plus you just slide around stupidly. Everything's been watered down. That's not the Magicka I know and love. This could be great if they touched it up a little.
76561198006425598,Not Recommended,238370,16013311,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,CheekyCharles,"damn this game is crappy, they should've stuck with the first spell system which was pretty damn near to perfect.It sucks that you can't even cast a steam/lighting combo or turn lighting in to a beam by adding life or arcane. Seriously paradox, so dissapointed."
76561198049746506,Recommended,238370,19493192,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,combustionsquirrel,"I recommend this game, but not very strongly. It's a magicka game, but it plays little like the first one. Something about the controls makes it feel off and I can't put my finger on how to fix it. Another major difference is that this is hordes of enemies, all the time. I don't know if the number of enemies scales off of how many peopke you have but with 3 people it was impossible to stay alive for more than a minute. There is lots of the same mini-boss at times, along with constant hordes of enemies. Also there is much less veriety in the weapons available to be picked up, where as in magicka 1 almost every weapon that wasn't bigger than you were was able to be picked up. Overall it has the humor of the original, but not close to the level of gameplay, and that fact is going to couteract the humor, extremely funny as it is."
,Recommended,238370,24458783,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Sidrev,"GRAPHICSLook gorgeous and have more feel fluid than magicka 1 (we don't need beastly PC)MULTIPLAYERnow other player can join even the game in the middle of a level, but i rarely find other player host the game.i'am not sure if multiplayer need to be in the same area (such as asia, etc).INOVATIONThere not much something new in the game, cuz from magicka 1 mostly the game have same mechanics (i just find 1 different combination from magicka 1 it's a poison) but combination magicks still amaze me, it looks awesome. of course we want many different combination magick making the game more fun.Staff have no active skill, make us feel normal using staff, cuz usually legendary like staff have special power.Enemy variety is so low, it feels like we are against troll half the game.CHARACTERWe now can choose our own robe (with different skin), staff, and weapon. design our character make it look cool and of course we can make strategy using benefit we get from our robe, staff, and weapon.BALANCEEnemies become a bit stronger and have improved AI, we now have a quickslot for magick (having longer cooldown than manually casting it). Death spell feel like to strong, almost all the level can beaten by using death magic alone."
76561198117922090,Not Recommended,238370,31012349,Posted: 8 April,all,wheresmattynow,"It's a fun game, except for a lot of broken mechanics (like the swarming AI, the fact that some spells are outright broken - skeleton spawn, heal mines, death mines) that means you don't even use half the spells in the game if you run solo. And don't get me started on the last boss. Just because of that one fight, I'm not recommending this game. It isn't fun. It isn't interesting. It's just buggy and ill-thought-out, and it ruins an otherwise interesting fingercramp.If you have some friends playing, it might make for a few laughs. Unless you're looking for a challenge without mates. This will give it to you."
76561198174656211,Recommended,238370,22588718,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Taotao,Very fun OP if you shoot a life beam into a death beam
76561197998483539,Recommended,238370,22618787,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,TheBuzzSaw,The game has been patched. It's amazing now. I don't consider it better or worse than Magicka 1. The spells are simply balanced differently.
76561198052048545,Recommended,238370,18072989,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Scark,"Thanks to the new patch!Magicka 2 is better than before (steambeam aviable etc.)And guys..This game is good! If you are a creative person, you will love this game too"
,Recommended,238370,18381352,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Steelbolas,"I was really hyped for Magicka 2. Too bad it has a sequelitis. At first (pre-update) it seemed to have some features missing, such as combinations of different elements. When I finally got around to playing it with my friend, it was a ton of fun, just like the last part. We played the game through on normal.There were a bunch of references in the first part, but it's not like the game's humour was composed entirely of it. It was self-aware enough to make fun of itself for those references. Magicka 2 has a ton of referential humour and little else. It builds itself up for a huge gag at the end and suddenly the game ends. The story ends before the game kind of even starts. However, the game is not much about the story. It's about sweet spells and element combos, right? Well, we kind of already saw all of that in the last game.At least there's a new gameplay element: Artifacts. Or mutators, if you will. You also have to unlock all of them, so you can play the game with them. Sounds kinda awful if you think about it. Play the game a million times to be able to play the game again with something being different each time. It works in a certain kind of game, but here you already have insane amounts of combinations, which you can cheese the game with, at your disposal in the beginning. Also you would be playing the game over and over. The enemies and the places you will see are going to be the same every time. So I don't feel like that would be much fun at all.Now, I want to stress the fact that I really had a great time. Also there are little puzzles here and there which are fun. However, it was definitely shorter than the last one. Get this game from a Steam sale or something, I can't recommend it for the full price."
,Recommended,238370,18414422,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Kasser,It is not a bad game but compared to the 1st game it is kind of disappointingStrength+ You and your friend's spells can merge to create a stronger spell+ So far the experience was stable with little bugs+ One of the rare games to support a story coop up to 4 playersWeakness- Story is not satsfying- Items are not interesting to collect- Adventure mode is shortGame has more potential to be greater
,Recommended,238370,18297537,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,-W3E- Bipolar Bear,">Buys Game>Game on sale 1 week later10/10Onto the real reviewIT'S A DIFFERENT GAMEIt takes some from Wizard Wars, some from the first Magicka game, and then puts it together is a fairly harder game for a lot of fun! Also the multiplayer isn't completely broken!Completely."
,Recommended,238370,18364740,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,·`‘AIORIUS’΄·,"I love this game ,but use long time to find other player ,ADD ME!"
76561198034661976,Recommended,238370,18443583,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Rand al'Thor,At release this game was a streamlined version of magicka 1.Now it is more refined and actually expands on some old features while keeping the new features.The reviews for this game are mixed because they botched the release but Paradox listened to the consumer and fixed the game.
,Recommended,238370,18124492,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Kales,"WOW!  The game is WAY MORE FUN now that they have patched in the old elements, awesome :D- We grabbed the game when it first came out and were disappointed with how the gameplay felt but it's awesome now, 10/10"
76561197982541301,Recommended,238370,18327584,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Tasku,People shouldn't compare this strictly to the Magicka 1 because Magicka 2 has new mechanics like casting spells while moving. This plays very nice with gamepads and I'm very excited that it is possible to play Magicka 2 hotseat with multiple gamepads.If you're thinking of buying this game you should be comfortable to play with gamepad. Keyboard controls are very sticky!So far this game looks very promising and I might say I prefer Magicka 2 over Magicka 1.
,Not Recommended,238370,16018906,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,MrTauntaun,"It's 2015 and yet this game doesn't allow you to remap your keys.  The only thing I learned in High School that I use every day (aside from algebra) is typing.  I keep my hands on the home keys.  As such, when learning typing, I had to break the habit of using WASD.  I use a very odd combination, so not being able to remap keys is a huge negative for me.Plus, as I said, there is no excuse for a PC game not to have this 'feature' in 2015.  It's inexcusable."
76561198057159183,Recommended,238370,18053136,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,The Gaming Reaper,"Well, I gott a say, it's definitly a step up from the frist game. Better graphics, smother framerate, and epic, thougha bit unfair, battles."
76561198069571583,Recommended,238370,18058750,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Like to live dangerously,"this is a good game,it is even better after the new update"
76561198035394436,Recommended,238370,18066672,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Lord Cameron,The game is getting to be really good. The team has been updating like crazy and I beleive it is a worthwhile succesor to Magicka. Keep that in mind when looking at the negetive review as most are about the games less than swimming start.
,Recommended,238370,18285869,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Halfæng,Its a great improvement over the first one in almost every way.
,Not Recommended,238370,16019159,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Plutonicdude,"Good stuff:  Nicer graphics, multiplayer functions way better. Super easy to join a friends game or invite othersBad stuff. Spell variety feels lessed. Spells do not combine as they once did. Many spells were nerfed to the point where they are now worthless.This game feels like a watered down version of the original Magicka.  I would recommend the original Magicka. Wait for this one to go on sale or something if you really want it."
,Not Recommended,238370,16032425,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Jon a scone,"The most disappointing sequel to a game I've ever playedSpellsLet's start with the thing that makes Magicka, Magicka. Spells. Well, I hope you enjoyed the steam and ice elements, because they're gone! Yep, you can no longer combine fire and water to form steam, or water and frost to form ice as individual elements. I mean, you can still create them, but instead of displaying as a steam, or an ice icon within the element chain, they don't change. They remain as the elements that would usually combine to form those elements. Meaning it takes up more than one slot within the chain, and rendering both elements pretty much useless.FeedbackFeedback? Feeling of force? What's that? Magicka 2 hasn't got a clue apparently! Remember in Magicka when you could charge up a hefty fireball and you would justknowit was going to be crazy powerful? It doesn't feel the same way! You don't get any recoil from casting powerful spells. It's pretty crazy how something so seemingly minor can have a massive impact, but it really doesn't feel anywhere near as good as Magicka.BalanceEnemies feel incredibly imbalanced, and spells don't really seem to have any effect or difference in damage whatsoever. I've seen many a battle where I would die, over and over and over again, and it's certainly not fun, in fact, it almost feels as if they made the enemies tougher to compensate for the lack of content. Unfortunately for them, the length of time it takes to complete a game does not necessarily mean that it has more content!ResponsivenessInput lag and intentional delays are common as well. Usually it ends up like this: ""Oh, I thought I added that element to the chain, apparently not. Oh there it is."", or: ""Okay I'm going to cast revive now -- oh wait I can't it's on a global cooldown from that other spell I just cast"". Magicka was never about hotkeys, it was always about how quickly you could remember the order of spells and chain the correct elements together, there was never a need for any kind of spell delay. I guess it's okay when there are only a few enemies on the screen, provided you actually manage to get a decent framerate, but it simply isn't as responsive as Magicka, making it rather difficult to fight off the imbalanced hordes of enemies that the game happens to constantly throw at you.They also might as well retexture the ground to ice, because that's what it feels like I'm walking on... Admittedly, this only occurs when you point and click on the ground, and I mean while itisgreat fun to watch them elegantly slide to the waypoint while you spin your mouse around to make them pirouette, but seriously? I've ended up skating into water whilst casting spells at least once every level, where it permits me to, at least.GraphicsThe textures, the spells, the UI, everything looks horrendous. Spell effects, like beams and fireballs aren't anywherenearas sparkly as they once were in Magicka. Despite this, I can't even get above 30 fps, I'm actually getting lows of 15 fps onlow. Taking into account that I can run GTA V on medium with ~60 fps, I'm not quite sure how they've managed to produce a game, where the visuals areworsethan the original, and that runsslowerthan GTA V!UIThe UI looks clunky as hell too. I can't really explain it, but it somehow manages to confuse me more than it does to aid me. I'm not sure if it's the font or the colours they've used on the spell bar, but I almost have to force myself to understand what the heck is actually going on, where as in Magicka, I could just look at the spell bar and know what I'm doing without feeling confused or doubt.There's also this new little frame-thing next to the spell bar, it displays a picture of your wizard and also flashes a low fidelity image behind it when you're affected by a particular element, such as frost or fire. I've found that this is more of a hindrance when playing in co-op as I end up seeing someone else's wizard picture being affected by an element. This then ends up in me suddenly pouring water on myself to put out a fire that was never there in the first place!Now you might say that's me being stupid, but there's more to it. It's all to do with the fact that if you're not the host, you're not the first wizard in the line of co-op players. Yes, in the heat of a battle it's pretty easy to forget that you're the second wizard, and that the second spell bar and picture isyours, not the first, and that you're not really on fire at all!ConclusionCombine that all together within the final boss fight, and there you have it, an imbalanced end game that is made more difficult by input lag, intentional delays, and the clunky, confusing UI. Which is then madeworseby having you repeat the same thing 5 times, and then getting to do it all over again once you die! Possibly the worst boss fight I've ever had the misfortune of playing in my life!tl;dr Rubbish."
,Recommended,238370,29531131,Posted: 27 January,all,joji,"Magicka 1 story was better, this one was decent but it was VERY short.Literally. Took me 4.5 hours to finish it.I would recommend getting it on sale with other DLCs that contains gamemodes or challenges."
76561198037986412,Not Recommended,238370,16014470,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Toyomoon,"Magicka 1 all over again,in a bad wayI preordered Magicka 2 as I was certain that Paradox made a lot progress during the long development of Magicka 1 and would not make the same mistakes it did back then. I was, however, very wrong. The game is horribly optimized, sluggish, unresponsive, buggy, and on top of everything they changed the well known controls from Magicka 1 for no apparent reason.The spell casting system is almost the same as Magicka 1 but brought down to the boring level of Magicka ""Wizard Wars"".This are my specs, and I am SIMPLY UNABLE to play this game normally for now, and God knows that I played a lot of badly optimized games:- Intel Core i7-4710HQ 2.5 GHz- NVIDIA GeForce GTX 860M- 16 GB RAM- Win 8.1Should run like a dream, runs like a nightmare, despite my sincere efforts to optimize it.Do not buy this game until they make some major patch."
76561198048325411,Recommended,238370,16061256,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,smileyssd,"Now I am a little biased as I love the Magicka franchise as a whole. But non the less I will bring up what I like and dislike about the game.Pros:• It is a great multiplayer game to play with a couple of friends.• Innovative spell casting, using 8 elements.• Much less glitches then Magicka 1.• Vlad is in fact not a vampire.• Good humor.• Lots of easter eggs, if you don't mind exploring the map.• Not to hard, yet not to easy.Cons:• Sometimes it does not save items you find. I don't know if this is done on purpose for some items or if it is an error.• A couple of minor glitches, nothing that brakes the game.• I feel the story was a little short. Then again I hard core played the game for a day... Soo...• I have not fond as many magicks as there where in magicka 1.• I dislike quick cast for magicks but that is more a personal thing.All in all I would recommend this game, especially if you like laid back games with overly high skill caps."
,Not Recommended,238370,16024000,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,DringleBerry,"THEY HAVE KILLED SPELL CASTING- In Magicka 1 the spells would stack,1 water + 1 fire = 1 steam. and because you have eliminated the ""water"" you could thrown in an electricity now if you liked. Not. any. more.Now to get steam you just have fire and water and then cast it ""yay steam"" you cant add a conflicting element.It shortens the amount of spells you can have. And its dumbs down the variety of combos.I MISS MY EQRASA."
,Recommended,238370,18280064,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,The Time of History,"For any of you who may be upset towards the changes made, they pretty much ramped things up to 11 with the new spell balance update, so buy this. Just buy this great game and shut your stupid face."
,Recommended,238370,16144724,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Fye,"While the new controls took me a bit to get used to coming from the first game, still a fun game with all the quirky nerd-humor of the first.  There are some spell changes that are a bit irksome (the lack of steam deathbeam comes readily to mind), but most of these come across as a means to tone down certain fairly overpowered spell combinations; nerfing them wouldve been preferable but it is by no means game breaking."
76561198060284969,Recommended,238370,16023267,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,FallenG0D,"Ok things changed for the better, still half way...Now these are the main points that i hate:-the enemys make the game unbalanced for single player, which brings me to the last point-magic, with lots of reason (if you like wizzard wars magic you are fine but for a magicka player who hated wizzard wars spellcasting) these are the main reason:-the spells with more different element are less powerfull than the simple ones (one element)-you CAN WALK TROUGH SHIELDS, why?-armors are weak, increadibly so-protection auras with multi element are useless, completely-magicks hotkeys are not necessary bad but are completely useless since you can do them with elements without cooldown (for me a least is faster to press ""w+a+space"" than ""4"", and for longer spells is still useless, in magicka the SEDQFS i could cast it five times in 1 second and i got good with training, thats why i got stronger not macros)-cooldowns on magicks without hotkey a second or so (doesn't seem much but it's still annoing)-and there is little other things, but these are the main.Now the good things.-more magicka story (the story at least feels like a sequel, not the best but good)-the single element aura (ESSSS for example) can absorb the element for healing-graphicsNow the changes that improved the game (that for some reason we had to wait to get):-the priority of lighting over arcane/life has returned (all hail to the lightning beam)-steam and ice are back (but without the lightning water trick, if you know what i mean)-and the new poison element (S+W), it works the same as ice and steam, so we have the 3rd water element-so now we have all the magic back, with more than before (now this is a sequel, with MORE magic than the first)Still some damage balnce issues but a lot better than before.I personally still prefer the first but now this is a good game, finally.Still missing PvP cause wizzard wars is no more......"
,Recommended,238370,20655424,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Miles,"Awesome, engaging, and chaotic. Magicka 2 shines with its expansive and versatile spell casting system and depth of skill one can achieve within it. It is welcoming to newcomers; most basic spells are effective enough to get the job done and deliver a very awarding experience, but also allows for those who want to poke in farther to dive in, experiment, die, learn, die again and receive the full bag of fun Magicka 2 has to offer, especially if you bring friends along. For users of the original, recent updates have returned the ""controled chaos"" that the first Magicka brought to us, with a bit of rebalancing to allow for a more interesting experience, whether cooking mobs in powerful storms, whacking bosses with a super-charged mushroom, or launching creeps (or friends) sky-high with a blasting wave. As in previous titles, the game does suffer from various bugs (though anything game-breaking has since been patched), as well as having repetitive moments once the initial campaign is completed, but still offers hours of awesome spellcasting and friendship-crushing moments for a rather low price. All-in-all, Magicka 2 serves as an underrated and excellent game that's a must-have for those who, with their soon-to-be ex-friends, seek a one-of-a-kind spellcasting adventure. 9/10"
76561197997119653,Recommended,238370,19071221,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,XapaJIaMnu,"I played the preview and I was really really disappointed, but now, 6 months later, honestly the game looks pretty damn good. It's like Magicka 1, except better graphics, more challenging, more options. Definitely give it another go. It is not the same game that was released 6 months ago. So many options, so much better!"
,Recommended,238370,19398819,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,EpicSpy,"Once more one of my favorite games of all time, as long as you don't have keyboard ghosting you can become really powerful in it too."
,Recommended,238370,21720770,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Levin,"More Magicka. If you liked 1, and aren't burned out on it, get 2. If you didn't like 1, or just don't want to play more 1, don't get 2."
,Recommended,238370,21746487,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Armorchin,"Patches after patches, This game is even better than the first one now.game is about 4 hours long, but has very high replayability, much more than magicka 1.Last boss sucks tho, insanely anticilmatic experience.the story was build up so good, But the last boss..."
76561198031884037,Recommended,238370,17551490,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Cooper,"I find this game great!The storyline is just as crazy, awesome and full of hints to other games, films or series, as the first magicka game.They also balanced the elements (maybe with the help of wizard wars) very well compared to magicka 1 qresa or qfass.Also th inverntion of a difficulty system and stuff is in my opinion just awsome.. Some dudes complained about this game being to difficult but I beat the whole game alone on normal settings, so can't tell.I strongly adivice anyone to give this a try, from my point of view, it's worth it."
76561198025390017,Recommended,238370,22667141,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,chase.carroll,"I have had more fun with this game than anything I have played for a long time.  I personally like games that are difficult and require trial and error to complete, and this game delivers.I enjoy this game 10x more solo than with other people, and actually got the most enjoyment when going through the game imposing rules on myself to make things more difficult.  Complete the game on bananas difficulty without using any of the op staffs and robes you acquire along the way, only equip the standard basic robes and staff with no bonuses.  Do not use any of the hot keys for magicks, only type them manually, and do not use the revive spell ever to give yourself additional lives at a checkpoint.People complaining that the game is ""unplayable solo"" clearly are not grasping the full concept of the spell system and have clearly done no experimentation with different spell combinations.  Playing with more than one person makes the game so easy it takes away from any form of challenge.My only complaint is that it seems like the devs got lazy towards the end of the game because the final 3-4 chapters are incredibly easy compared to some of the earlier chapters.   I felt disappointed with the final chapters recycling previous enemies and offering no new challenging scenarios.Overall a great and interesting combat system that becomes a bit too easy once you get used to the system and get upgraded staffs and robes."
76561198018346940,Recommended,238370,22550205,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Subject Beef,"If you liked the first game then i think you will also like this game. if you did'nt like the first game then something is wrong with you, consider seeing a doctor... make that a witch doctor just to be safe. i was a little worried because i read some unflatering reviews about how the spell system was much worse than the original, although that issue has been resolved. my love of the first game made me buying magicka 2 a sure thing regardless of the reviews, and i'm so glad that i did. The story is a joke, literally, but sometimes i just want a fun game thats not slowed down by story. the humor is everywhere in this game, easter eggs are around every corner, and killing your friends is unavoidable(as well as fun).Buy this game it's great! Local co-op, just sayin!"
,Recommended,238370,16723429,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,AccidentalGenius,I read a lot of bad reviews about Magicka 2 how is it bad cuz they removed some of the spell combinations and how the staff have no longer special abilities you can use and so on and on. I will tell you i have Magicka 1 and i enjoyed it playing so i was eagerly waiting for Magicka 2 to come out. And i must say my gaming experience in Magicka 2 it's ALL POSITIVE!!!!!! :D i just liked how the game is even more funny and joking about different stuff and all the artifacts and staffs which now give you increased boost rather than usable actives are awesome :Di'll give it 11/10Now that they changed the joining system on multiplayer and the new spell options are quite impressive and even more fun its a complete must have if your into wizards more than you should.
,Recommended,238370,18051959,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Gifmekill,Wish I had friends to play with :(---------------:)
76561198041424987,Recommended,238370,18421680,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,CST,"Don't listen to the other reviews. This is a good game, it's just different from the 1st game. I've played a little of both and the 2nd seems smoother and easier to control. People shouldn't be so harsh because of the changes."
,Recommended,238370,34624342,Posted: 30 August,all,Insolent Fool,"A worthy successor for the first Magicka! Had a blast playing this with 3 friends, definitely the way it's meant to be played.  Perfect for a lan or on voice chat as you accidently blow each other up and figure out why you're not supposed to ""cross the streams!""Make sure you turn the music down a bit so you can hear the screams when you blow everyone up.Highly recommended!"
76561198018371850,Recommended,238370,22724302,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,VostokMercenary,"This is Just as fun as the first game, if you havnt played the first well you dont need to but you will miss out certain jokes. I started playing Magicka 2 after all the updates so once the spells and controls were revised to match the first, So its great fun to play now WITH FRIENDS, this is very hard to play solo so much harder than Magicka 1.Downside is that the Story is around 8-9hrs with 2 players Id say which really isnt good, the first was about 10-11 with 3 players I think.Lots of reviews complain on the amount of comedy the sequel has, why? the Magicka series parodies everything from TV series' to all games ever made. It is good fun JUST NOT LONG ENOUGH!!Buy it when its on sale, the DLC is ok, the challenges and arenas only add about an extra 2 hrs of nuance really. Dont bother with the robes unless really cheap as you actually unlock quite a few as you go through the story unlike Magicka 1."
76561198005629005,Not Recommended,238370,35349687,Posted: 30 September,all,Semagicus,"Learn to spell... again! Yeah, except we already can, with Magicka 1.You see, as a stand-alone game it can be considered fine. Yes, with a number of flaws (later on that one), but fine. As a successor to the original Magicka? No, just no.First of all, it is VERY buggy. Graphics settings changing by themselves, effects not being displayed, getting damage and/or heal out of nowere (for example, i contantly got damaged while under the Haste effect), weapons not working, terrible sync problems in coop... The list can go on and on. Original Magicka also had bugs, but not as much.The level disign is bad. Most of the time you will have to fight in very tight spaces, so dodging enemies and strategically choosing spells is not an option - you'll just have to spam with beams and mines. Oh, and usually you cannot go back. Didn't know i'm playing Super Mario.The number of magicks is way less than in the original, and the number of usefull ones is even smaller. Also, most of the damaging ones are less effective than just spamming with raw elementsDialogs in the original were short and mostly funny. Here, the dialogs are overly long, and even when they manage to pull of a good joke - they usually spoil it by drowning it in useless blabbery.There are pretty much no new ideas here, so it looks more like an additional campaign for the first game.Staffs and melee weapons are mostly useless - and there are very few of those anyway. Different robes don't actually feel different.Finally, the end boss fight is tied with game's phisics. The problem is - phisics here are really bad.TL;DR It's pretty much Magicka one, but with everythig done worse than in the original."
,Recommended,238370,16262028,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Mopzilla,Amazing game but isn't quite as good as the original was but still worth it to play with friends!If I had any... ;-;
76561198003481674,Recommended,238370,18295864,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Gojosin,"It's not bad, just... needs some getting used to after playing Magicka 1.  The update that added back ice and steam helps, probably.  Though I don't think it's really balanced for single player, cause there are just so many damn enemies that just destroy me and I cannot defend myself adequately."
,Recommended,238370,18051363,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Ferdinand Foch,spamming S is what i do
,Recommended,238370,31534143,Posted: 3 May,all,神 Knx,"Amazing, so fun!"
,Recommended,238370,29941221,Posted: 15 February,all,Tenchiken,"Previous, currently invalid review.Piece of crap.Idiotic solution of switching fullscreen/windowed mode on F-keys makes it close to unplayable.Developers: you owe me a new keyboard to as a replacement to one I broke in half in a heat of the battle due to your dubious design decision.Such ""wonderful"" decisions may lead to heart attacks, you know.+Polar update: reconstructed keyboard from smoldering pile of keyboard corpse parts, removed first four F-buttons and completed the game.The game in question is a strong successor to first one. Same type of humor, more refined magic system, and a little icing of self-references on the top. Overally fine, albeit feels quite short. It's not an issue, though, for this game is supposed to be walked through multiple times."
,Recommended,238370,17013774,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,soup me,"After beating the game, i had to change my mind.I'm a big fan of the Magicka series, i played 60+ hours of Magicka. This one did not disappoint me.I'm gonna make a quick rating about every peice that makes this game into what i think it is:- Singleplayer Campaign: 9/10Good. Of course it's impossible to beat without knowing that you can revive your fairy, witch i did not.- Gameplay 8/10There was LOTS of changes from Magicka 1 to this one. I'm of with the strafing, it's kinda neat, but one of the things that  bug me is that i can't combine steam with lightning, (trust me, that's all i did in the first game) and cooldowns really makes the game annoying,MAGICKA IS ALL ABOUT SPAMMING, THERE IS NO REASON FOR COOLDOWNS!- Soundtrack 10/10I always loved magicka's music, and my opinions about it will never change. The soundtrack is amazing, better than the first one.- Graphics 9/10The graphics are nice, they are a lot enhaced, comparing to the first game.- Humor 11/10Just like the first game, it's hilarious.Final rating: 9,4/10For someone who really loves the series this game is great. <3"
76561198018177364,Not Recommended,238370,16015752,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Rescue Whale,crap controlls no more lightning beams or mines that send you and/or your enemies flying no rebindable keys pretty much all the spell casting has been dumbed down and the more fun cominations have been removed
,Not Recommended,238370,16020291,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,grazi - digitaldak,paradox released this game with a lot of issues including required use of paradox's own online servers that it appears a good number of people get a complete failure to connect too (separate from the account creation issue via paradoxplaza) and the dev's are just silent on it...I would return this game in an instant if i knew what i needed to do. -10/10 worst ever
,Recommended,238370,16042484,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,empflamesvsflames,Vlad <3
76561198032583154,Recommended,238370,19205010,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Onizuka Eikichi,"I initially wanted to refund this game because it was so unlike the first part, and now i'm glad i didn't.With the recent big update it finally feels like a sequel to Magicka and i really enjoy playing it in local coop!"
76561198262627349,Recommended,238370,22114865,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Feelstrain12345,oh this game runs really smooth on my computer 999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999/10
76561198048630964,Recommended,238370,21772306,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Devilock,"I liked it, but can't compare it to the masterpiece the first one is."
,Recommended,238370,25250224,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Czardonyx,"The graphics are a notable upgrade from the first magicka, and I liked the additions of new elements, and the ability to walk while casting certain spells. If you want, you can join another player online, without knowing them at all, or waiting and hoping a stranger helps you. Other than that, it is essentially the same as the first Magicka, which is also good, because Magicka was an absolutely brilliant game. the only complaint I have about this one is that the story mode is rather short, fairly easy, and other than the final boss, not really anything special. Overall, I would say that this game is a step up from something that was already beautiful. 10/10, would play again"
76561197966887489,Recommended,238370,17673630,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Zengineer,"Ran this at a LAN party, and it was a great time. Lots of laughs, unique gameply, great spell system. Would be hard without a group, but with one it's gold!"
76561198112884500,Recommended,238370,18439297,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,wushulubis,Great
,Recommended,238370,18367576,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,K0z4K,"I don't get why this game got so many bad reviews. The game is awesome! I read some people complain about steam or ice elements. I don't know how that worked before the patch as I got the game recently but the major differences I noticed are:New element ""poison"" combining Q+S.You can move while casting!You can put magicks in a hotbar and cast them with the press of a button.Magicks can also be casted manually with a smaller cooldown.The barrier element (E) doesn't stop physical projectiles anymore.Using barrier + element doesn't make you insta-immune anymore. Instead there are 4 levels of protection ranging from resistance to damage absorption.As of the moment I write this, robes aren't OP. Thet can be either cosmetic or a balanced mix of buff and debuff.Enemies have element weaknesses and/or resistance as well as players using some robes.The game adds multiple difficulty levels, play on BANANAS setting for Dark Souls like experience.Conclusion: game is way more balanced for PvP and the campaing with difficulty settings is more challenging for players that take Magicka way too seriously. Sure, it takes some getting used to the new mechanics."
,Recommended,238370,18403304,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Deedlydee,"Magicka 2 is a lot like Magicka in some ways, and very different in others.  The main difference is that in Magicka 2, you can move while casting (and you are slowed less by conjure weight), so a good number of fights are about casting spells quickly while constantly running around.The writing is about as funny as the first game, with a number of subtitle jokes and a handful of callbacks sprinkled throughout what is mostly original jokes.  The plot also bears a second playthrough; while I got most of the ""between the lines"" story my first time, I noticed little details on my next playthrough.  Not because it's insanely convoluted with time travel like the first game, but because they're subtle little details that are only noteworthy on the second go-round.Overall, I like the game a lot, though it took me some time to get used to the idea that it's very like Magicka, but not Magicka.  I found an outfit that suits me real well and I'm working my way through Hard Mode and Bananas Mode, enjoying every minute!"
,Recommended,238370,18403638,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Katahdin,"This game is so hilarious with friends. The spell combinations keep me coming back for more, although after completing the main mission I feel like there's not much to do except re-complete it under a high difficulty with different robe and staff combinations. Still, it was a good 20 hours of fun. Gameplay consists of mashing the speed spell while reviving your teammates (who are the only ones doing any actual work) and praying that whatever abomination is chasing you doesn't finish you off."
76561198087426171,Recommended,238370,17812877,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Nineteen_Eleven,Fun game to play with a friend or 3.  Level of difficulty increases quickly and almost impossible to play solo.  Game runs great on PC... although it has unusally high CPU usage.
76561197963491995,Recommended,238370,18399869,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Dave Waz,Fun co-op experience and best played with at least one friend. Combat felt like a methodical hack and slash with brief periods of being overwhelmed.Controls take a bit of time to get used to and remember. I played with both a controller and mouse/keyboard; preferred the mouse/keyboard. If you use a standard gamepad you'll have to emulate an Xbox pad to get it to work correctly.
,Recommended,238370,18417208,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Tyktud,"Got a tip that said ""Dunka Dunka. That is all"" 10/10"
,Recommended,238370,24318521,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Fortberg,This game is awsome it is a classic and is always fun to mess around with friends. especially when team killing is a thing. I give this game a 8.5/10 i highly recomend this game.
76561198022057223,Recommended,238370,17668036,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Jean-Luc Picard,"A bit too short, but will be better if they add some of the Magicka 1 style cheap DLC."
,Recommended,238370,18307500,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Podrock,Fun - like Magicka 1
,Recommended,238370,16089176,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Liko,"Magicka 1 > Badicka 2Still a good, fun game.Just pick it up on some sale."
,Recommended,238370,22529022,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,#2 Anime Lover,It's pretty good but sadly none of my friends play it so. So it's just me dying over and over again on the hardest difficulty like the♥♥♥♥♥♥I am.
76561198072739838,Recommended,238370,22566648,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Mainnn,"hello,can i play this with my friends?like only on my acc"
76561198047578044,Recommended,238370,16801663,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,quero café,"Mesmo estilão do primeiro, mesmo hu3, jogabilidade melhorada, algumas mecanicas novas, ainda tem bug, mas muito menos que o primeiro! Muito bom no geral!!"
,Recommended,238370,18340783,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Shanks,"After some bad reviews and the ""mixed"" on the steam page, i waited a long time to pick this gem up! I am not sure how much work the developers put into it, but it feels like a better version of magicka 1 and that was all i wanted :D"
76561198061520727,Recommended,238370,16213356,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Malbutorius,"I don't feel like an all powerful wizard while playing it, and I felt that this wasn't the sequal that Magicka deserved. Despite that however I still had fun. Play with friends for the full expierience.Also, they really should have explained that you could revive the fairy, that completely threw me for a loop when I found out you could do that."
,Recommended,238370,17705121,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Cody,Lives absolutely gorgeous up to it's expectations. 10/10
76561198146243022,Recommended,238370,24303386,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,SouR,I pre-ordered this♥♥♥♥♥♥ I AM SO PROUD WITH MY EPIC DECISION
,Recommended,238370,16872032,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,NaCl,"Magicka 2 doesn't live up to the hype. It surpasses it.I bought Magicka 2 for 4.99 USD when it was on sale, and, I'll admit, I was riding the hype train. While it was installing however, I realised that I hadn't read any reviews for it, or watched any gameplay videos. I'd just gone out an bought it. What an idiot. I booted up the game, preparing for a mediocre game. It was amazing. Even the menu screen is well done. Rather than a still picture or a looping video, this was a 3D overview of the realm of Midgard, complete with a comicly oversized ferris wheel and undersized mountains. As you mouse over the different options in challenge mode, the background changes to suit this. Going to battle Orcs in the Highlands? The camera pans over to them. Planning on fighting goblins in the castle of Aldratraz? The ruins rebuild themselves. Although little touches like these make no difference to the gameplay, they make the game feel more... fleshed out. The summoning and casting of spells is awkward at first, but it soon becomes natural, and their's nothing more satisfying than you and your friend combining a life and a death beam to create a miniture black hole. Couple this with great background music and the ability to play multiplayer on one PC (If you have a controller), and you've got yourself, in my opinion, a perfect game.Gameplay: Kill yourself (Over and over)A defining part of the Magicka franchise is the ability to create your own spells, resulting in a playstyle perfect for you. Here's a good example. Before I fight, I always selfcast Sheild-Stone-Stone-Stone-Stone, which gives my wizard a suit of rock armour. Next, I move so the enemies areJUSTvisible on the edge of the screen. Then, I summon Water-Cold-Death-Death-Death, and hold right-mouse, which charges up the attack. After a couple of seconds I let go, firing 3-5 shards of ice, infused with death magic. Then, depending on the situation, I either cast Cold-Water-Cold-Water-Death and right-mouse charge, which does the same as the previous spell, except it shoots 7-9 shards that do less damage. In all honesty, it's like a shotgun. If their are too many enemies, I summon Lightning-Death-Fire-Death-Lightning, and Shift-middlemouse cast, which sends lightning bolts in all directions, which do extra damage (Death element at work) and light the enemies on fire.Music: Your ears with thank youI can't even begin to describe how good this music is. Just listen to preveiws of it on iTuneshere.Thanks for reading this reveiw!"
,Recommended,238370,17833432,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Wrecked,A wonderful game where you can make a lot of different spells using your creativity. It's similar to the first game of the series but if you buy it you will get a bunch of new things that didn't have in the first one. With game changing artifacts this game realy worth buying. I would give easily a 9 out of 10!Warning : Friendly Fire and Good Jokes.
,Recommended,238370,27217742,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Some1weird,Stupid amounts of fun.Even more so with friends.
,Recommended,238370,31193502,Posted: 16 April,all,T3chHS,"Extremally fun, specially with coach co-op friends playing along. And a good invoker warm up game!"
76561198123574632,Recommended,238370,16184467,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,ibraheemlinkin,"So, I hear you would like to possibly be an over powered wizard whose power is determined by skill and creativity (check), I also hear that you would like to play the main campaign with friends and ""accidentally"" kill them (check). You guys want a bunch of refrences to many many things (check). If you want a satirical adventure of laughter and accidental deaths you have come to the right place of MAGICKA 2: LEARN TO SPELL AGAIN!!!But to break it down for those of you who want the pros and cons of this game here they are,PROS-Great gameplay, the spell system is unique, unlike any other magical game I have ever played-Fun to play with friends, me and my friends needed to actually stop because we were laughing to hard at the things we did-Bunch of jokes-Modifiers you can unlock to make things more interesting-Its beeping awesomeCONS-Unlike magicka 1, fire and water dont combine to make steam in your spell queue so you can make a steam, lightning storm anymore, samething with ice-There are only 9 levels instead of the old 12"
76561198042491246,Recommended,238370,16250179,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Westernfist,"This is a really good game.  Sure, there are a few differences between Magicka and Magicka 2, but it is still a very fun game.  Once you get used to the changes, it is probably better than the original Magicka."
,Recommended,238370,16279138,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Danziir,"I disagree with a lot of the reviews who say that Magicka 2 way worse than Magicka : the devs tried to fix a lot of things from Magicka, and to me, it's a success! The game is now way easier to play with a gamepad, it's prettier, the story and inside jokes are still here and as funny, the equipment UI is way better, etc... And even if you find that the game have some problems, remember that day 1 Magicka was nearly unplayable, and there was a lot of negative reviews.So, if you liked the spirit & mechanics of Magicka, buy Magicka 2, in my opinion, you won't regret it!"
,Recommended,238370,22657156,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Samork,Better and more movie references than the first game that's for sure!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vHx0-2LQerE
76561198020342639,Not Recommended,238370,16043641,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,JDX,"I waited long for magicka 2 to be released. but i wish i did not bought it..I do NOT recommend this game to Previous Magicka 1 Gamers!!### Pro's: ###- Graphics looks WAY better!- The new weapon enchant system. I like them, they look nice and feel solid. Enough said.- Game loads EXTREMLY Fast on my pc. (like within 2 seconds is a game Created, Loaded and Joined)-### Con's: ###- Spells do NOT Combine any more. Like the ""Super Steam Beam Cannon"" does not work any more. (wich is QFASSS)Q and F (water and fire) does not make steam anymore.. Instead, They made the combo still 2 elements but if you cast it, it is a Steam Spray.. so, compared to Magicka 1; Steam spray was 1 Spell slot. now in Magicka 2, its 2: still Fire and Water.. (i hope i'm clear on this one.. xD)- I cant get online for some reason.. (and yes i made an Account)- The magick cooldowns.- Steam and ice don't combine.- Fire and Water Do combine, but does not make 1 slot Steam.. (like i already said)- Sliding movement looks like im Playing on some kinds of Ice Skating simulator.. its annoying as F*CK.- AOE size reduced drastically. like... Wow... X(- Projectile spell cast times. It really takes AGES to charge up any heavy projectile to actually hit some one..Conclusion:I wish i did not bought this game."
76561198057360404,Recommended,238370,25110506,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Darkbetter,It's not good as the first game and it needs a Vietnam Rescue Mission DLC. But still playable.
76561198065900728,Recommended,238370,31047563,Posted: 9 April,all,Walter „Radar“ O'Reilly,Magicka the only thing where I can make someone wet ....
,Not Recommended,238370,16014804,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,quietbugg,"the new spell casting system sux, and that ruins the whole game, nuff said"
76561197960884340,Not Recommended,238370,16033783,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Conrad Vig,Casting ridiculously overpowered spells against hapless mobs in the original gave me such a feeling of glee; that is missing from this game.
,Recommended,238370,16964811,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,kølleskab,"Magicka 2 is a fun, yet different successor of the previous game. To play the campaign was enjoyable yet disappointing compared to the original Magicka, which had some enexpected twists and turns and had a much more fleshed out world. The references gets a little bit old, and I expected much more from the story. The gameplay is quite slower and easier, which I dislike. The spell system has been reworked for the worse, with far fewer viable spells and only one good AOE spell, you only can do when you have a teammate, which would be OK concept if there were more than 1 of such spells. But the artifact system is great but could have been made more interesting, here I am comparing it with ""The Bastion"" which has a much similar system where you pray to ""gods"" that grants gold/xp bonuses to you but makes the enemies stronger in some specific way, or you weaker. But overall it was an enjoyable game, it does everything better than the original except story and gameplay. It does not however entice me with its lack of replayability, despite the artifact system."
,Not Recommended,238370,16022649,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,❤ ビッグレイプ ❤ Reipu,♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,238370,16024300,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Anfifo,"I'm giving this a upvote, 'cause the game is goodHOWEVER KEEP READING!It does feel way too much more like Wizard Wars and not like Magicka 1.How?Keys have been simplified and some other complexed, you no longer can use the Push by just holding shift now it's actual spell.There's a Quick Cast thing, which is not essentially bad but kinda removes the challenge of keeping in your mind all the spells. Note: You can still cast those spells without using the quick cast, also using haste on quick cast while wet is possible, but using it without quick cast isn't possible when wet, (possible bug)Cooldown: Quick Cast has cooldown but can be decreased or shortened at least by my staff. And also it feels harder to spam normal spells.Teleport: No longer teleports you where you want, its a random teleport *sad*.Normal Yellow Shield: the self was always quite weak and never used being it so short. Now the aoe version of it and the wall version of it is the same thing, weak and allows you and other players to pass, this was a really disapointment as we as a team use the shield to cover up then some would teleport out to deal with the problems and that was team work.Healing: Seems to be quite weaker.There's a new thing that casts the spell onto your sword and then you can use it, it's interesting but due to forcing you to first cast it on sword and only then throwing away it's not much of an in-time cast and it's annoying.Coming from magicka 1 and it will feel like a slightly different for the bad side and the good side, but some changes that were probably to ""balance"" kinda made it crappier.Coming from any other game it's an amazing game that is tons of fun-Coming From Wizard Wars (without playing magicka 1) the game rocks and it's so much better.So yeah overall the game is fun as hell, however some of the changes i'm not really fan of, never played this or the first one with the controller, so i cannot provide feedback on that.But yeah, i also think that some of the features feel wizard war-ish which is too simplified."
,Recommended,238370,16020882,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Zargath Fadeclaw,"Guys. Did we forget the release of Magicka 1 already? There were a few bugs here and there, but they were fixed pretty quickly. (Crash to Desktop lol.)This gets a positive review from me, simply because you can obviously see the improvements.Is it a problem we can't rebind keys? Duh. Are they going to fix it? Duh again. (Probably.)As for dumbing down... eh. It's not THAT dumbed down. You can still do insane combos like IceShieldDeathDeathDeath (woo for exploding ice blockades!) And really, the super steam-beam (you know what I'm talking about) was broken and made things a little easy.The quick bar isn't necessary. but allows for babies first combo to work. Not everyone wants to be a try hard and spend a few hours learning some combos to look fancy. However if you learn to use the magic manually, you can spam just like the good ol' days. (I still need more zombies!) With about a 1 second cooldown.To those of you booing them for making the sequel and the small problems saying they ""disrespected the fans and made it for the people coming from wizard wars!"", I don't see the problem. It's not like it was bad.Give it time, friends. Noones perfect, but they can improve. Give good criticism and feedback, not whining and complaints.- A Wizard."
76561198059892010,Recommended,238370,16042093,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,supreme overlord,if you have played #1  then you should play #2 but i would recommend switching from keyboard to gamepad for this magica since they have changed the way you move and spell cast for the gamepad i find it a lot better than the keyboard for this version that being said this game is by no means finishedsettings are too simpledamage is a lot less and certain spells are not as effective as beforeenemys have way to much health to play solo easily i suggest difficulty settings that way novices can have their fun toobut there are nice things such as the quick cast system which i personaly loveTHIS GAME IS WORTH 15 BUT  NO MORE THAN 15 AND THE GAME BECOMES THE MOST FUN WITH 4PPL
76561198067158680,Recommended,238370,16040501,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,CaveJohnsonHere,I must say I enjoyed this so much even with the many changes from Magicka 1. Many changes I liked a lot such as tier 2 spells being hotkeyed instead of trying to type in an insane order of spells. I also finally understand how spell absorption works thanks to how this game did it. I do miss the more fluid gameplay of 1 but it was so difficult that I enjoyed it less where I felt 2 really got the difficulty down better. So if you are looking for a flashier magicka 1 then I would not recommend but if you are looking for an actual sequel to Magicka I definitely recommend it
76561198031155598,Recommended,238370,16031483,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Leonardo d20,"Pay no mind to those scrubs, Paradox, they are just mad the game is alot harder now even thought it still has that touch of chaos and humor, they ned to git gud. Also, the movement is ALOT BETTER if you bother learning to use it well and getting used to it, you WILL NEED to learn to cast and run if you wanna survive the buffed enemies and harder game overall."
76561198126090248,Recommended,238370,16049209,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,/P/-Govno4000,"The game is solid if you like wizard wars. Some people complain that it is too hard and others say its too easy. The people who do well are the ones who don't have a go to ""fave spell"". If you play single player on hard mode it will force you to diversify  your tactics. If you don't learn you will die. My only complaint is that the AI leaves a little to be desired and never takes full advantage of it's spell casting abilities."
,Recommended,238370,16020915,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,PastaPillows,"If you're like me and you loved how Wizard Wars looked and played, then you'll enjoy this game. I've wanted Paradox to base their Magicka game with the style that Wizard Wars brought. Magicka 2 definitely reflects it pretty well.My only quarrel with this game is that it's short. It's meant to be replayed, however, because there are difficulty settings for each of the 9 chapters.Notice that my quarrel with this game isn't the ""dumbed down"" spell casting. Admittedly, at first I thought it was very casualized, but then I started thinking about the first game, and how I only EVER used the one OP spell combo (FQASA). There wasn't ever really any reason to not use it, save for a couple of enemies using a lightning ward. Magicka 2 had me experiment with the elements again, and it was very enjoyable."
76561198042710188,Recommended,238370,16054250,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,EthicalT,"My friends have started ""forgetting"" to tell me when they're playing.This game made my friends hate me.I can't stop playing, now my family hates me.But it doesn't matter because I am a wizard.10/10"
,Not Recommended,238370,16087749,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Solinarius,"After only playing a few hours, I can tell this game can never replace the first Magicka. It's a very different beast, and not in a good way. Pieces attempted to put together a more challenging experience, however, the result is ultimately a more tedious and less exciting one. This is compounded by the recycling of the design of spells, spell types, and spellcasting from Wizard Wars. During the conversion, much of the character that these things previously possessed was lost. There is enjoyment to be had in Magicka 2, but so far, it's hardly what I was looking forward to.I cannot recommend Magicka 2 in this state and I will not write a fairer review, so long as the wizardry of Magicka 2 remains as is, at the time of this review.Looks like I won't be writing a ""fairer"" review. It's very clear to me that, since the game is in Paradox's hands, nothing that matters will be improved or revised. The elements will always be shallow. Simple spells will always be the best. Spell metrics will always be dull. Melee will always be clunky. Many spelltypes will always be half broken. Most importantly, wizards will always be a shadow of their former, Magicka 1 glory."
,Recommended,238370,19058435,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,techintuky-bandit,"this game isn't exactly what i expected but it was still fun. the controls are different to the normal rpg based game  which took me longer time to get used to. it's a bit difficult killing the stronger enemies while trying to summon lasers but meh, minor complaint"
,Recommended,238370,16013969,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Balduin III,"After playing the whole game (on normal) I changed my opinion about M2First I'll show you my first opinion with the facts I don't like.[     This game is disappointing.- No Ice/Steam Elements (made by casting water+cold/water+fire)- No Lightning beams- frozen enemies now reflect beam-spells...- Much more difficult enemies than in Magicka 1-> much more deaths than before- when casting a rock, you don't know how much power it already got- no 'air blowing stuff' (in magicka1: casting without elements)- more elements of the same type do not influence the range of area-spells- less element combinations    -> less different spellsMagicka 1 is the one and only magicka for me now.    ]Now the good things I found while playing the game:- the same good humor as M1- there are powerful spell combinations as well- new robes- unlockable weapons- unlockable robes- choosable equipment- Steam is as powerful as it was in M1- new enemies- old locationsuntil the patch some of the points above. otherwise the preorder was a bigger fault than i thought.Also the interactive map, wich comes with the deluxe edition, is more or less crap. it only shows the map of midguard (like you see it in the background of M2) with a few arrows, naming the locations.In my eyes it has nothing to do with a ""interactive map""(sorry for my bad english)"
76561198048323769,Recommended,238370,18375315,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Plasmus,Great Game i had lots of fun playing it and i love the hummor :)
76561198063533670,Recommended,238370,27406074,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,:D?,Good
,Not Recommended,238370,29186215,Posted: 11 January,all,Garrett,"Original Magicka – costs $7, takes 13 hours to beat for 2 persons.Magicka 2 – costs $10, takes 4 hours to beat for the same 2 persons."
,Recommended,238370,24077312,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,JazzyZee,"First time playing any Magicka game, already nearly 10 hours of enjoyment out of it whilst playing solo + with friends and so much more to do, it's awesome. So many easter eggs/references, extremely funny, lovely graphics and a good little story. So much replay-ability, which I love. Good fair amount of achievements, some not as easy as others.Basically a slightly more complex stick shooter, but with mage using all the elements, which you can mix and match. I personally have been using a controller to play and it works very well. Although upon reading I know most people prefer to use the keyboard to learn/cast certain spells.I have bought all the dlc, so I still have all the trials and extra challenges to complete yet. I have also since bought a copy of the original game to try out once I have finished with #2 =D"
,Recommended,238370,16637615,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Zev,"There's not really much I can say that others already haven't, positive or negative.So speaking purely from opinion, I personally enjoyed playing through Magicka 2, possibly more than the first game. The movement system and being able to cast while moving took some getting used to, but it works great. They balanced the spells in comparison to the first game, so you can't use Steam/Lightning beams anymore (Lightning cancels out the water in the steam), and even if you could, some enemies are resistant to, immune to, or they absorb the elements used in some combinations. Magicks have been reduced down to a few, more potentially useful offensive spells instead of having a lot of AoE spells that you probably never actually used. I mean, why bother with Blizzard or Time Warp when it's easier to Raise Dead, teleport across the room, and hit something with a rock? You also can't hide behind Shields anymore. Whether you think it's good or bad, Shields have been balanced to only block beams, but any other attack, as well as enemies, will pass right through them.There is some bad, though. While the game is more polished, it still has it's fair share of bugs and glitches. For example, a few times I've went to launch a Rock but it doesn't respond. This left me in a state that still acted as if there were elements waiting for use until I tried to cast a separate spell, and unfortunately this caused the rock to launch at that point instead (and sometimes they were exsplosive).The only summoning Magick I've found isn't as useful as Raise Dead or Summon Elemental, only summoning some fairly weak skeletons that every strong enemy and boss can just tear through. Maybe this was part of balancing, but the Magick in question is only really good for brief distractions.But my experience was overall positive. At least when playing with someone else. I've been playing Hard Mode solo, and it's a long, hard slog. I played normal mode with my brother and it was great, but not having anyone else playing on Hard Mode is a pain.Like I said, this is all personal opinion. I don't know how you might feel about it. Maybe if you're not sure you could wait for it to go on sale at some point. But I reccomend giving it a fair shot at some point!UPDATESome changes were made to the game recently.They reworked the element combination system to be like the original game, so we get our Steam Lightning beams back! They also introduced a new element combination: Water and Death creates Poison. You can modify the movement controls too so that you can move the way you did in the first Magicka. Shields still only block beams and nothing else (besides other shields) though.I think these changes make it much more worth it, personally."
,Recommended,238370,18311935,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,H.A.,"iOS compatible, all good!"
,Recommended,238370,21069061,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,RyanMcCarthey,magicka2代终于通了 历时9小时 总的来说还是比较推荐的 技能的视觉效果比一代强不少 而且还有4个施法的快捷键 但代价就是无法再像上代那样0CD无限施法（只要你手够快且没有误操作）这个改动令我十分不爽 不知道这点是不是steam上褒贬不一的主要原因  另外难道没人吐槽最后一关有点儿难嘛……
76561197977093567,Recommended,238370,18847250,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,ManoWar™,Spent most of the time dancing on the beach next to a radio.10/10 would Dunka Dunka again!
,Recommended,238370,34687788,Posted: 2 September,all,njxPlicit,"Really really short and not replayable , but very fun if you have at least 2 more friends to play with ^^"
76561198047431498,Recommended,238370,21193856,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Sandal Feddic,"One of the hardest things in gaming industry is making a new version of the game that is better ! because players get used to stuff and repil any changes even if they were good!Magicka 2 is better than Magicka 1 in every possiable aspect , except the story but I have never seen magicka as a story game any ways!one of the best games I have ever played ever"
,Recommended,238370,21093299,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,SoM's Dio Brando,"Ummm,I can understand almost.But,my friends who play the game can't understand at all,even that we can't play together.I think it won't be diffcult to release a chinese version."
76561198005600121,Recommended,238370,24851176,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Grae Solaire,"Deep level of playability , hilarious."
,Recommended,238370,25045963,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Xaiveen,it is a ♥♥♥♥♥ punch game-10/10
,Not Recommended,238370,35392982,Posted: 1 October,all,§♣Levani&Giorgi♣§,"Where do I start,this game is much MUCH worse than it's predecessor,I am hurt that I writing a bad review about something that's related to magicka just because of how I love it and the wizard wars was just amazing for me,too bad it got closed down. I pre-ordered this game with such hopes,but they got rekt. the whole campaign I had one thought in my head ""maybe,it gets better"",but HELL no.Pros-Game looks flipping awesome- ...Cons-Phyiscs feel very unreal,they are just non-existant in some situations.-Mostly you can get away with spamming raw elemnts like Death,Fire,and Water - Lightning combo.-The quickcast system is just a mystery for me,I don't even know why it's there.-You can revive your familiars meaning infinite ressurection (Killing the sense of death,in solo)-Where are the spells? i only saw 6 in the entire game (magicks)-It's would've been better if they used the budget to atleast try to revive Wizard wars-The games sense of difficulty is just giving more element variaty to enemies and bosses for example the final boss gets Cold and Lightning along with the fire-The story is the same. Try to kill the dude,fail,get a cool spell,kill the dude.-This list can be even longer i am just tired now.-Haven't seen a sausage,A SAUSAGE!!!!! the entire the game.-The game reuses the same art over and over and over and over and over...13/100. Not my ancestor of magicka. NOT reccomanded."
,Recommended,238370,25046763,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,JoshyGMorelikeJoshyGay,Great Game bought 2 copies.
,Recommended,238370,18084658,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Ma1abar,"Купил её еще в раннем тесте, когда была доступна только одна глава. Но та глава уже была очень увлекательна. А те моменты, когда я нашёл сильный прокаст заклинаний и  мой друг не успевал даже с места сойти, как я его убивал, принесли много положительных эмоций как мне, так и моему другу."
76561198065201827,Recommended,238370,24445810,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,GedenGertha,"The game is super funAlthough it can get really frustrating and tideous, but not so much you don't want to play anymore"
76561198110451241,Recommended,238370,16844197,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,notcharol,this game is different than any other game i have played. the gameplay is fun if you have played a magicka game before if you have not though i reccomend the free magicka wizard wars to learn combos. the multiplayer is great to play with friends. though it has a few glitches it is a great game. if you want a fun game buy this.
,Recommended,238370,18790142,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,InVader,"Look guys, it's still Magicka and you still get to accidentally kill all your friends. You can also cast magicks without the long focus cooldown if you know the element combination. This time the game also doesn't crash that much.Complaints:NOT ENOUGH MAGICKS. Magicka 1 had like 30+. This game barely has 15. Most of them are pretty underwhelming as well. e.g the Thunderbolt does like 800 dmg. It's literally better to cast AOE with the elements used for the thunderbolt, because that does 1200+ dmg... in an aoe.Even if I use the element combination to cast the magick, it still has a 3 second reload cooldown. Always. Look devs, with the 1st Magicka you proved that the game can be hard even without cooldowns and therefor cooldowns are ultimately a bad mechanic that just remove the fun from the game. In Magicka 1 you could go crazy with the magicks and still die.Console controller UI. C'mon, all of us here use a keyboard and mouse.Ice is OP. Ice walls are as durable as earth walls AND refelct lasers, like the pure Shield walls.Ice walls with Death element don't explode anymore. The QREASA combination from your sword is pathetically weak, because the ice doesn't explode anymore. The Ice was often used offensively in Magicka 1. Now it's the ultimate protection, leaving earth and shield walls useless compared to to Ice.You can't stack the pure Shield walls on other walls. Casting the Shield wall where and Earth wall is will replace it, not stack on it.Highround advantage is too big. Enemy on highground can drop down projectiles on you, even if you are behind a wall. The walls should be a lot higher, OR allow us to aim lasers and stuff on highground.I like what they did to the pure Ice shard, continuously firing them is cool, but I don't like how they removed the DQRQRQRS ""Morning Star"" combo. I liked my spikey balls :( This time, if you combine Ice with earth, it will fire the ice shards quickly as you charge up force, like pure Ice does in the 1st Magicka.No fall damage from Water explosions. Water balls and water walls were often used to knock around the enemy.Pure AOE casting is not big enough. In the 1st Magicka a 5x Water AOE cast almost covered the entire screen and was good for getting light enemies off of you. Now not only the AOE is reduced, but the force of the knockback as well. The Push Magick doesn't quite replace this, because it only works in 1 direction, not all around you.On the bright side, I like what they did to the movement and the emphasis on the ""Don't cross the beams"" combos."
,Recommended,238370,16036028,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Swixel,"The Magic 2 tagline of ""Learn to Spell Again"" is absolutely right.The tl;drFor these post-literate times consider the following statement of brevity: it isn't Magicka, but it follows in the universe, playstyle, and is enjoyable provided you don't try to MAKE it Magicka.  You're a wizard, you have spell combinations, Magicks, and the narration by Vlad is, well, Vlad.  There are puns, some aren't painful.  If you like the style of game and want to play it, it's fun, but it is harder than the original.The BadIf you picked up this game to follow on from Magicka, you'd be disappointed.  If you, like me, weren't a fan of the Wizard Wars (something something no local servers for too long then why bother after that?), you're not really missing a huge amount of the lore, but there are other, larger, issues.I don't like anything on the bitsquid engine.  It comes from weird input issues (and no, I don't blame Lua for this, as I know it's used elsewhere absolutely fine).  The SHIFT key will/won't be down when you need it to be/not to be.  Things like that, minor things.The controls are different and at present you cannot change them (though we're meant to get that soon).Movement changed (left click is ""go to where I clicked""), so all spell combinations changed to suit (and it's good/bad; when you play with the ""Banana"" set of artefacts it actually makes no sense that it changed).Elements no longer combine in the spell bar (see this in 'The Good' below, as it's actually positive).Magicks are mostly 'gone' (see below).The GoodThe game picks up some time after Magicka.  The story is there, you murder people (or help them), you interact with objects, the animals are made out of wood, and Vlad takes you down the wrong path (not literally this time).  Everything is as it should be in terms of lore and backdrop.The spells have LOST a couple of combinations because elements no longer combine in the bar to form new elements (cold + water = ice; fire + water = steam), which means many of the old spells are flat out gone (due to neutralising opposites).  Despite what many have said, I find this positive as it means casting the magicks manually became cleaner.The Magicks have changed (most are gone, the times, they are a changing/have changed).  Your reliance on spells and equipment is heavier.  This shifted the focus away from rapidly spamming (or worse, scripting) the input for, say, lightning bolt.The Magicks also now have cooldown related functionality (""focus""), which impacts the ""quick magicks"" (bound 1-4) as well as those you cast yourself.  This is largely a non-issue unless you're playing with custom artefacts, or on Hard/Banana.  This seems bad at first, but ultimately it's used to mess with difficulty in a less than obvious way (e.g. try the final Adventure Trial, good luck using what you need with what you want).The Bottom LineYes, I've finished it with the Banana artefacts.  Yes, I've finished the trials with the banana artefacts.  I'm not some ""hardcore"" type that finds brutal, over the top, violence, or insta-killing fun.  The banana set really did turn the game into that towards the end (last 3 chapters), and made the final boss an absolute pain.  But, all of that said, I'd still recommend it for anyone who likes a more casual-sided RPG without the need to ""grind"".  Granted, that very grind is replaced by items you equip instead of having to find throughout the game (though to unlock some you do literally have to find them).If you're looking for a new Magicka, this isn't quite it; if you're looking for something similar, in the same universe, with the same style of jokes, an array of puns, and an updated visual style to go with actually functional netcode, this is probably what you want."
,Recommended,238370,31039777,Posted: 9 April,all,Moisssss,Fun game when play with friends
76561198048871309,Recommended,238370,19266267,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Kraden,"Improved a whole lot after many updates, love this game now"
,Recommended,238370,27453343,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Samurai Executivo,"Where is the funnies DLCs like Vietnam and Stars are Left?This is a great game, but need more content"
,Recommended,238370,19592625,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Arbitrary007,"This game is downright amazing. Played on linux, the game is absolutely solid. I've experienced no issues whatsoever and the gameplay is a delight. The story is engrossing as well, if a little silly (but it's Magicka, so that should be a given.)The magic system is rather fluid and intuitive. The graphics are wonderful (and scalable this time). The music is moving. Overall a solid experience.But above all, the developers were forward, involving, and interactive! I have never seen a developer as open as Paradox when it came to the progress of the linux port of Magicka 2. We had updates at least once every few months. Yeah, there were a few details they couldn't tell us, but what they could, they did. When there was a working version, we heard about it. When there was a beta version, we were notified. When we could even PARTICIPATE in said beta, we were instructed how to get to it (which is when they got my money). They explained their reasons for all the systems they used.Regardless of how good the port is (and it's really good), the developer's interaction and openness with the community is above and beyond expectations. Not only is this game worth full price and then some, I'd buy any and all games these guys make for the simple fact that they are amazing. If you run a SteamOS system or any other flavor of linux, I recommend this game completely. (Seriously, why haven't you bought it yet?!)"
76561198061235616,Recommended,238370,19340365,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,firelull,I really enjoy playing it. Mostly because you could combine a lot of element togethers and make a new one. I would recommend playing with friends.
,Recommended,238370,19116779,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Knaroef,"Since the update, this is actually quite a good and fun game. It is most certainly worth the price. Magicka is all about the feeling of being a powerful wizard, although this game gives that feeling less than the original, it is much better in other aspects. I would really recommend this."
76561198076320783,Recommended,238370,32536371,Posted: 18 June,all,Adrelandro,"If you haven't played the original game: Magicka, this one is a worse copy which trys to be better. It's a nice upgrade in everything but fun and secrets. the magicks are still completly unbalanced some are broken beyond belive and you can use them again resistend enemies as well non resistent ones, completly deafeting their purpose.In general Magicka 2 misses the parts that made magicka the great game it is.Is it still decent? yes"
76561197998564236,Recommended,238370,19749361,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,3llo,"Not as much content as magicka 1 and there is ofcourse som changes from the first game, both positive and negative. overall it's a good game but not a true sequal, either way its a good game in its own and i am waiting for more content to be released (hopefully some overpowered dlc witch much more magicks! and old ones!)"
76561198091957696,Recommended,238370,19757876,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,xPyromaniac623,Fun game. Puts me in the mind of Castle Crashers without the nulling mind-drill. Doodle God + Castle Crashers = Magicka 2
76561198056662928,Recommended,238370,18310717,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,The biggest loser on earth,"https://www.reddit.com/r/paradoxplaza/comments/3nct14/magicka_2_stream/basically i liked magicka 1 and playing this for the first time in stream, and there will be bobos on demand."
76561198003631167,Recommended,238370,18333736,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Talibunny,"10/10 game. its really fun with 4 players, would recommend trolling, alcohol and an easy going group or you are going to hate this game."
,Recommended,238370,18347588,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,beams from the mecha anime,"Magicka 2: When you don't know what you fell about it after the 1st gameAs for me, first part of this game was something special, you know. All that things with friends killing, spells learning, ""Not a vampire"" jokes and so on made this game some kind of atmospheric for me, made me fall in love with it. And after all, ""Magicka 2"" announcment, you scream out loud ""OH GOD, I CAN'T BELIEVE IT"", but i can't get one thing, why it was released?And my first claim is an awful spell control, u know, really awful! Absouluetly.-Spell while you moving isn't comfortable-""1234"" panel is one of the worst thing i've ever seen-You can't cast a lot of great spells from magicka one-And the last one. It's bad, just, uhmmm, really bad.2nd claim. Story.  For me that part of the game had never been so important, but it was kind of funny. You could just relax and walk through the adventures, then you could listen to Vlad stories cause he was the big part of the game, now i kinda feeling he isn't. And yup, I'm really disappointed cause of it. Big fat minus again.And in the end there will be the graphics part. AND I KNOW. Nobody really cares about graphics in magicka, but now i don't like it dunno why. Maybe cause of all these parts in total, maybe cause it doesn't suit for the game.PROS NOW:-Now u can open robes and customize your wizzard-It's still Magicka even if it's not good enough-NostalgiaI will recommend it cause it's magicka.Well, if you like first part, u, probably, won't mind to play it, even if it's a way worst."
76561198030530726,Recommended,238370,18750179,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Lord Buttsauce,"Most of the problems this game had on launch are gone now, but there is still a stupid, unneccessary cooldown on magicks and there are still not as many magicks as there should be. It could be better, but it's definitely a worthy sequel now."
,Recommended,238370,16179290,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Danet,"Reviving Sim 2015.But all together, it's a great game to have fun and mess around in this world of magic with friends."
,Recommended,238370,18452289,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Fnadde42,If Magicka got a nickle everytime I had a laugh in this game I would be homeless and broke.
76561198040905761,Recommended,238370,18741307,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,BobNilsson,Reasonably fun. atleast if you got a friend to play with.
76561198036235815,Recommended,238370,16905483,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Mr. Fantastic,Fun up until the final boss fight which is essentially break a girl toy and kick her ball of a cliff. and the final boss fight's core mechanic relies on the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ physics engine so half the time the ball gets stuck on a desk and since you can jump you have to restart the entire ♥♥♥♥ing boss fight. other than that and the fact that this game feel more like a campaign for wizard wars this game was quite fun
76561198024908965,Recommended,238370,18333725,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,SpectralKestrel,"Just some good 'ole wizarding fun, very enjoyable with friends 10/10 will buy from paradox again"
,Recommended,238370,18352094,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,gents,"There is a few bugs, but i still think it's alot of ♥♥♥♥ing fun!! :DThere is a lot of negative comments.But i dont see why not to get it, it's ♥♥♥♥ing amazing! :D :D :DWAT ARE YO WAITIN' FOR BOI ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)﻿"
76561198127253681,Recommended,238370,19509122,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Matsuma,Just... bring out Wizard wars 2
76561198030688436,Not Recommended,238370,31007175,Posted: 7 April,all,Bartender,This was such a disappointment. The origional game was great played this one immediately after and it was far less fun and entirely unfunny unlike the first. Do not recomend buy the first games DLC instead.
,Recommended,238370,19431313,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Dubslar,"Although I believe magicka 2 is a fun and challenging game on its own (especially with friends) it seems to fall a little flat compared to Magicka 1.The pros-Better graphics, shiny, optimized-Multiplayer is smooth, no crashes, disconnects bugs-Hotbar for quickcasting magicks you don't want to memorize-Casting spells on the move-an Inventory like system that allows you to choose weapons/robesHowever, I believe the game is getting quite a few negative reviews because it just lacks the content of the first game. The main issue for me personally was this artificial skill ceiling created by cooldown on your magicks. In the first game you could play for hours and hours and constantly be getting better and more skilled, able to chain complex magicks extremely fast. In Magicka 2... Usually you are capped out at casting no more than 2 at a time, the reason is there is a 2 secondish cooldown on any magicks you manually cast and that includes ALL of your magicks, and as far as i know, there isn't a way to turn that off. You could say this is a good thing, it creates more challenging play, critical thinking, and balance. However... all those are ruined by the introduction of Steam... Steam is incredibly overpowered and there are hardly any enemies resistant to it in the campaign. I played through hard in a few hours with a buddy and all we had to do was spam steam/lightning/arcane to win.Now i'm not talking slightly overpowered... this is coming from someone who has spent hundreds of hours in magicka 2, my buddy who had only played a few hours, was literally better than me because he chose to spam the steam spells and i was trying out magicks and throwing out a variety. There is also less content, no multiplayer arena battles, the challenges are the same a bit lackluster, lack of maps, less magicks that are more (balanced) as in nothing too complex and overpowering.Overall Coming from someone who spent over 100 hours in magicka 1, i would give the game a 6/10  It is a fun game itself but pales in comparison to the content and mastery achieved by the first game."
,Recommended,238370,21231636,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,hamtetutu,"I saw that the reviews were getting better since the initial release so I decided to give it a try. While I'm happy that the AI's difficulty has been upped since the first game, I abhor the spell cooldown system. A huge part of my enjoyment while playing the first magicka was spamming overpowered spells after having memorised each and every one of them. With Magicka 2, you can no longer do that.Other than that, the game has been really entertaining for me so far, the storyline, humor, even better than the first game. Would probably be more fun once I play this multiplayer.Edited (After completing campaign on normal difficulty, attempting some trials and challenges on normal and hard difficulties and collecting all magicks):It seems that the idea of having a cool down for spells is actually for balancing purposes. After getting used to the controls, I feel like normal mode is easy as long as you calmly analyse the enemies' elemental resistance and cast the appropriate elements countering them. It is no doubt more difficult than the first Magicka so take some time to learn the elemental and spell interaction mechanics. Moving around is much more important as shield spells are no longer as strong as they used to be. Ultimately, I think this is actually better than the first Magicka although I still find myself soloing most things since many people will immediately kick you from their game without even letting you show your abilities to work as a team without blowing them up to bits in every battle.Verdict: Get this game, especially if you have good friends who can play with you. Seriously, like 9/10 rating, for its price this is one of the most enjoyable games I've had in a long time."
76561198156734405,Recommended,238370,30008774,Posted: 18 February,all,Kojoke,I have to say if you like magic and would like to feel like a wizard there is no better game than this!I even bought this game for 5 of my buddies and all DLC!!!
76561198226658872,Recommended,238370,30619319,Posted: 19 March,all,danieltudor94,"A verry funny game, even when playing with random people."
76561198086658456,Not Recommended,238370,16030321,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,SkitzFist,"As many other then me already pointed out, I never thought I would give a Magicka game a bad review. Of course we had the Wizard wars, which really wasn't for me, but not an actual ""bad game"". I think we all wanted A magicka similiar to the first one, unfortunately we didn't.For me it was a certain features from magica 1 that I really enjoyed and loved, features which made the game to one of the best I've ever played. But it feels like the company took all those fun features and threw it down the well.First, the movement system...Sigh...Theoretically the system is good. But when it comes to gameplay, not that much. It feels like you are floating over the map instead of moving, it's very easy to go further then you wanted. I think the movement system from magica 1 is perfect for the game. And it would have worked a lot better in Magica 2, much better then the new system. I can understand that the new system alows the player for a more ""tactical"" gameplay because you can move towards one direction while facing the other and aiming you spells. It's not that great in action.The second and the absolutely worst change according to me is the magic system...I love the feature in the first game where you had to combine elements to create spells. Sure you can still use the elements to cast the spells, you don't have to use 1-4. But it feels like the creators just tried to throw something at the fans from the first game, because this system is not what old magicka fans wants. We're told that if we use the elements to combine our spells there won't be any cooldowns...Yet i find a 2-3 seconds window before i can use the teleport spell, even when I'm combining the elements. So I don't really know why the game tells you there won't be any cooldowns when there clearly are. And Why would you ever implement cooldowns? It just seems like the badest idea the developers could possibly imagine. Games today are so obsessed with cooldowns. Why limit the player? because of balance? I personally believe that cooldowns ruin gameplay, sure when it comes to MMOs where server lag is a big part I can understand why they implement such a system. But when they do it to a 4 player coop game....? just WTF.In Magica 1 I felt like a powerfull wizard whith unlimited power who could just spew out spell after spell after spell and slay my enemies after desired fashion. In this game I feel more like a weak apprentice who can't do♥♥♥♥♥♥for damage. I wanted to complete the game but I just couldn't, I didn't enjoy it at all. I got to the beginning of chapter 3, so I don't know which spells that will be presented to the player later in the game. But when the system is fundamentally flawed, I don't even want to know. Something I found very odd in this game is that my sword seemed like a more effective damage dealer then just my basic elements....I think that's very very weird for a game that portrays a wizard, a game which is all about magic.I could take about the flaws of magica 2 for hours, but I'll end with the item system. In magica 1 what ""items"" you had didn't really matter, it was all about the magic. Something I thought was very cool because of most games today is super obsessed with the idea that the item makes the character, not his abilities. That's one part of what made Magicka 1 so great in the first way. So why the obsession with ""gear"" in this game?I can just say I'm really disapointed in this game, and on the developers. I know they try to make good games, I just can't understand why they'd remove the fun part of the game...I hope next game is better! (but just don't make another magicka game, I'll never buy one of those again)"
,Not Recommended,238370,16042049,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,unknowdata,"Disappointing sequel. Many parts of this game are over simplified. Control, spell, etc....Play the first one, and forget this one like it never exist."
,Not Recommended,238370,16024073,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,ZEBRALOVER,"Unplayable, crashes very often, even in single player."
,Recommended,238370,16218531,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,kackbraun100,"This review will make more sence if you played magicka 1If you liked magicka 1 you probably will like this. It continues with the magicka humor and adds a couple new things like artifacts, unlockable staves and robes etc. They changed the way spellcasting works, regarding the elements steam and ice, which may not be a bad thing as it makes the player try new elements. However, they also changed the controls from the origional so that shift and middle-mouse button  is area of effect and middle-mouse button alone is still self casting. It,s happened SO many times to me that i would press shift and middle-mouse button but for some reason it wasn't registered and I kill myself. I dont know if this happens to anyone else, however...OH, and having at least one friend to play the game with is advisable as it is more fun :-)"
76561198379993602,Recommended,238370,32787674,Posted: 25 June,all,ELP Hailstorm,"a great game, it has a nice unlock and combat system. really enjoying playing this game!"
,Recommended,238370,29469911,Posted: 24 January,all,!Schmitty,"Very fun game with a great sense of humor. Loved the first one, and love this one to no suprise. Highly recommend."
76561198019154323,Not Recommended,238370,16043087,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Sarun,"Requires internet connection to playDO NOT BUY THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥Compared to the first this is a  piece of crap, no way to defend yourself effectivly at all!"
76561198038416466,Not Recommended,238370,16030269,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Ashdritch,"Forgetting my issues with the mechanics, the gameplay itself seems to be largely lacking in many respects. So far I've run through all the levels with the same tactic as it's been the only one to work for me, but at the my current boss fight it seems that all the difficulty and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ttery has been rolled into one. I would much rather have had a fun game that prompts me to think outside of a box instead of one that rewards me for finding the easy road and then slaps me on the wrist later on when this method is suddenly thrown out the window. Overall I had much more fun playing Magicka 1 and I would have rather just bought and played through that again."
,Recommended,238370,18199873,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,aUtiSTic,"After 2 hours, here are my opinions on this game.Pros:+great writing+great atmosphere+memorable characters+fun gameplay+pushing people off cliffsCons:-annoying enemies(don't ♥♥♥♥ing spawn walls in front of me)-extremely hard levels(see upper con)-falling off cliffs10/10 would die again"
76561198042846139,Recommended,238370,16133453,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Limeyhoney,"As a person who never played Magicka, but only played wizard wars, I would recommend this game. All these bad reviews about Magicka 2 is not like the original is completely countered by the fact that I never played it. The point I am getting to is, if you played the original Magicka, then don't buy this game. All you will do is complain about your spells not working. But if you haven't played Magicka, then buy this game. It is worth your money."
76561198064833939,Recommended,238370,16342500,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Awake,"Many people have been complaining about the movement system and how it's ""too slidy,"" but the truth is that it's an improvement. While it is strange at first, after around thirty minutes, the ability to move and cast spells at the same time is incedible. I haven't noticed any bugs during the eight hours I've played the game so far, the survival-esque challenges greatly increase the longevity of the game. However, there simply aren't many people playing the game, so make sure you have some friends to play it with."
76561197979247891,Recommended,238370,16306109,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Urban Warrior,Magick = Streamlined *Thumbs Up*Gameplay = Fantastic *Thumbs Up*Humour and References = Very Doge etc. *Thumbs Up*Final Boss = *Expletives deleted* right in the♥♥♥♥♥♥!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I will not play this game again because of this. Obviously I am too stupid to beat the Boss.
,Recommended,238370,19541838,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Elkinda,shut the ♥♥♥♥ upmagicka 2 is a fun and fun game (especially with friends)it also has a community that helps remind you that gamers are ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ you
,Recommended,238370,22791205,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Fjorn,Fun to playWhat else can I say?DUNKA DUNKA!
,Not Recommended,238370,16015064,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Ikaros,"Aside from the graphics, I could tell someone vaguely familiar with Magicka that this was just an early alpha for Magicka 1 and they would believe me.Paradox, fix your ♥♥♥♥ing game."
,Recommended,238370,16032696,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Milokot,"This. Is. Not. Magicka. One.This isMagicka 2, with fresh engine developed for M:WW, so there are ""similarities"".There are Oh So Many reviews about how bad it is for not being Magicka 1, so Ill write a positive one.1.Controls:Little sloppy, true. Still, you can learn to use it and they offer a whole new set of possibilities, like casting while still running in completely different direction - saved me more than once. You are a little to slow compared to monsters, you need to use spells if you want distance and in many fights you have nowhere to run2.Steam and Ice:Electric Wall Of Death was most OP spell in the game, seconded by Spray / Ray Of Electric Steam. So they removed it, and suddenly you need to USE MORE THAN TWO COMBINATIONS AND EXPLOIT ENEMY WEAKNESS! How horrible and casual! Yeah, game is harder - but it is supposed to be hard and took time to master! Orcs too fast? Slow them down, put a barrier, wear armor. Spam < Tactic ( < Tactical Spam Review).They could menage it differently tbh, morphing steam/ice into fire/cold after adding lightning. Now they are useful, but hard to combine.3.Magicks:If you want to spam thunderbolt, go play Zeus in Dota or something like that. This is again step for balance and equality. Not between controllers and keyboards, but against custom macros in some keyboards. Not fun when one can bind 10k dmg to one key. You can still use them rather fast as combinations, its like 1.5s cd, and little cast time.Humor is still there, little different but present.Camera is fine, and arena lock forces other tactics than running.Overall, game is very enjoyable, even in single. If you have spare money it is a good buy."
76561198039300622,Not Recommended,238370,16020592,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Voodoojester (sick),"Feels very unfinished, Solo is no fun at all.The amount of enemies has been increased and you can get swarmed easy but the amount of damage you put out feels reduced.They change how elements fit together now so instead of putting Fire+Water= Steam and getting a new icon and being able to change it up a bit. The change to the combinations of the elements stays separate and now you cancel it out. A lot of the fun spells like (steam+arcane+lightning x3) are no longer a thing.There is a cool down on comb spells like hast, it's minor but when you have a small health bar and the♥♥♥♥♥♥is charging at you constantly it kills it.Personally I am not happy with this buy at all, I would rather play the old magicka then this one.Sad to say it but I feel like i wasted my money."
77777777777777717,Not Recommended,238370,16020936,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Sin,"I'm neither Yes or No when it comes to rating this game. This is only because they game JUST came out. However currently the game is on my negative list. Here's why...Me and my friend were so hyped up to get Magicka 2. We thought about more spells, more fun, and overall a better experience. When the game came out we already started to notice so minor flaws before even starting the prologue.- For one, the game forces you to use an account to play with each other. I don't like people forcing things on me...- Another thing is, as always with every game, it is normal for a gamer to configure his settings; am I right? I was able to easily lower the graphics to my laptops standards. Everything seems great so far! Well what are we waiting for, let's start! SOOOO, as soon as we get in, we try to heal are selves with the scroll click. It don't work. Normally, I would have no problem HOWEVER, a chain reaction starts to roll in, so stick with me here.- I press pause to configure my settings. I can't even configure them when paused... :'(- Here's where it gets worse, there are absolutely no key bindings, so here me and my friend are, sitting down trying to figure out an alternative method. (P.S if any body know one please Steam message me).- We give up.- Now I know what your thinking. THE GAME JUST CAME OUT!!!!!!!JIJ!IJ ifajijfi rabble rabble rabble!!! I understand this COMPLETELY. But, why release the FULL version, if you know there gonna be bugs and errors? Why not put the game in early development or BETA? Perhaps it is me that doesn't understand. Don't fear however, as there are MANY positive things about to back me up, but not enough atm to change my negative opinion. Get the gist?- I love the integration of having 5 elements at a time, it definitely adds on to the fact of having more spells. This make me happy.- The graphics and smoothness have GREATLY improved!- Story seems to be great so far!So there you go folks! In my straight up deep opinion, I believe you should wait a month or so when they improve the game before you buy it, as you will have the horrible feeling of not being able to play what was thought to be a great game at the moment, in the palm of your very hands. (and by that I mean Steam library lul)."
76561198073718342,Not Recommended,238370,25354364,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,［ＡＣＴ　３］　ＥＣＨＯＥＳ,"In comparison to it's former, the game is a bit more lackluster than the previous. It's as if they took a table, tore a leg off of it, and covered it in paint. Sure, it looks different. But it's still similar to the original. There needs to be some more content than what there is now. Magicka has tons, and I mean TONS of items without DLC. Magicka 2 has very few in comparison, especially if you include all of their respective DLCs. As of right now, Magicka is much more worth it than this one, especially with the huge discounts. Now, I wouldn't write a review if I didn't play this game more. I have it on my PS4, and even if the controller brings a different experience in terms of control, the general feel is still there. By no means am I saying ""Hey, don't get this game because it's terrible."" It isn't, it's pretty alright.Now, to bring up few things that I felt were a bit jarring at first; The adjustments to shield channeling. As well as the poison element. I can get both of them, and they're both great! It's just that I tended to use water arcane attacks while a friend would use cold or lightning-based ones, which would result in a rather horrifying combo.TL;DRJust get Magicka 1, until more things are added onto this one."
,Recommended,238370,16035001,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,RvB Caboose,"Really a dumbed down version of spellcasting, with a quickbar and cooldowns. Not impressed with the sequel. Also game is shorter, and harder for 1 player, while easier for 2 or more. Still, for the money, a fun game. But I can only recommend this for the price. If you don't mind waiting wait for a sale. 6/10"
,Not Recommended,238370,16022225,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Ginningquasar,"This game is one step forward, two steps back, it goes back to wizard wars, a simplified version of magicka where creativity is restricted, unlike the original magicka, you can no longer get the ice crystal or steam as an actual icon, which is inhibiting  what you can do with the game itself.In all honesty, just buy magicka 1, it will save you money and time, and will be a whole lot more worth it."
,Not Recommended,238370,16024188,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,MrPupPup,A complete step backwards from Magicka 1Took too much from Wizard Wars and diluted the gameStill has the Magicka humour but the gameplay drags it down.
,Recommended,238370,16067289,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Entenmann,"Played it with friends.Found the duck staff.They are waiting for me to return to the game, but I decided I had to write a review.The game is pretty fun, too. Just look if you can try it out before you buy it, so you won't be disappointed afterwards, because you didn't get what you expected."
76561198043208350,Not Recommended,238370,16023568,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Vizchris,"kinda disappointed, less spells (they dont add together like water and fire= steam), less spell combos: vortex, rain, death, firewall, teleport, tornado? all missing.very slippery controls, click or hold mouse to move while casting.stupid spell shortcuts on key 1-4arkane (its called death in this game i think) mines are useless and dont send you flying.shield is♥♥♥♥♥♥♥useless now.only simple combos like sffffff are usefull.the rock.... much downgrade very uselesshealing is different: you hold the middle mousebutton down to heal yourself over time. kinda slows the combat downand i think its shorter than the first one with less different enemys.some funny jokes but not as much as in the first.i loved the  first one and got really disappointed about this."
,Recommended,238370,16046468,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,QŬPĿEŦ,"It's a great game in general. It's has bugs but this just came out 2 days ago so what do you expect? I bet they will fix all the bugs and hopefully make the bad guys easier to fight in solo.Edit: Nevermind the solo difficulty part, I found this trick that really helps:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=451559486"
,Recommended,238370,16025372,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Ascendant,Could be worse you know. 68\100
,Not Recommended,238370,25786887,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Majere,"I loved the orginal Magicka, lots of fun, could be difficult at times, but that added to the depth for me.  When I heard about this one I thought awesome!  I liked the idea of spells while I moved and even more spells!  The problem is it's so easy to get overwhelmed by enemies.Regardless of if you're taking them seriously if you get slightly cornered once it's over.  Very little due to skill, just chance, and you running in endless circles hoping not to be killed by tiny little threats.  Combined with the sluggishness I can't bear to play it.Pushed through quite a few chapters then had to give it up.  Also, the oftentimes rand resistances in enemies, and lack of your own through the shield spell makes you get hung up even more often."
,Not Recommended,238370,31899730,Posted: 22 May,all,Red,"First one is better, i did enjoy this (not all that much though), but play the first."
,Not Recommended,238370,16091781,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Abaddon the Despoiler,"Unfortunately, Magicka 2 is not Magicka 1. It feels different in every way I can quantify. Essentially they changed every aspect of the game just enough that if you just finished the first game you can't pick this one up even get through the first hour with any sort of competence.This is the stuff that irked me the most. I'm listing it out here because I wish I had this list before I bought it.(1) Spell combining has been partially redesigned(2) Casting controls have been changed and you can't change them back (no remapping options)(3) The shield walls only last about 3 seconds, so you can't actually use them as, you know, walls (same goes for the regular shields... you can't manually regenerate them anymore).(4) Personal shields functionality is different as well(5) The special spells (Teleport, Revive, Haste, etc) all function on a cooldown system now, making the game a lot less fast paced (A whole lot less). You often find yourself just running back and forth from a swarm or boss while your teammate kills them instead of actually engaging with enemies.(6) Special spells redone - Teleport now only teleports you backward, not toward the mouse. Revive spawns you at full health, taking away the challenge and fast pace if fights... etc(6) The game is all set pieces now instead of freeroam. You go from section to section and fight ""encounters"" of enemies, and the game locks you to that location until you kill them off.(7) YOU HAVE TO MAKE AN ACCOUNT WITH THEM TO PLAY MULTIPLAYER - Just obnoxious... everyone alive knows this is just obnoxious...So, having just re-beaten the first game and jumped into this one, I wouldn't recommend buying it if you want a continuation of the first game. Everything about it is simplified, combat is slowed down, and the fighting mechanics are too dissimilar from the first game. It's like they tried to change the genre.The game BY ITSELF isn't a bad game... but as a sequel to M2, I would rather have just bought the DLC to M1 and kept playing that."
,Recommended,238370,16279454,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,IDGhost,"This game has been falsely accused for being too ""casual"".I'll tell you all the truth right now:Today I saw guys who were telling everyone to not buy this game because it's bad but actually they've played this game only for couple of minutes and were stuck on chapter 1 at normal difficulty level cause they were terrible noobs and I assume you that most of all the negative reviews are written by noobs like these.Either they are stuck on chapter 1 because their hands grow from their backs or they've decided to jump on a ""bandwagon of hate"". Some of those noobs who've played the game only for 20 minutes even dare to say that the game has only 4 magicks...So, don't be tricked by those reviews and even if some will say that people who give positive reviews are just ""fanboys who defend game developers"" don't believe them cause I'm not trying to ""white-knight"" anybody here.I'm just telling truth and if that's not enough for you to believe that me or someone else whose opinion is similar to mine is telling truth about this game just check my or their profiles and you'll see that they've played it for more time than any of those haters did.----------------------------------------------------------Now some review about the game itself:Most of the people are complaining about removal of overpowered magicks. What they actually want to say is that ""it's bad to kill enemies using tactics, thinking, escaping, defending"" and they'd rather just use some overpowered magicks on enemies for it to be ""1 second job"".Judge for yourself what's better but as I think it's better to have real fun thinking than just watching enemies die in a seconds.People say ""those hotkeys were made for stupid PS users"". Those hotkeys got recharge time and that's what people are mostly complaining about. Actually those recharges can be easily bypassed if you'll activate magicks manually.Example: Pressing 3 to use thunderhead will take 3 seconds to recharge with basic set. But if you'll do FFSAA this'll make it activate right after it was fully conjured so everytime you use thunderhead with FFSAA you can just do FFSAA again and there'll be no recharge time and still you'll get that magick activated.People say ""game is non-beatable on bananas alone"". Actually I completed game on bananas alone and even if that's hard it's still manageable because familiars that revive you can be revived too, if you'll not run like mad but watch your step and try to deal with enemy groups one by one you'll get your success.Only thing that I don't like about this game is that it doesn't have much of a content. Sure there'll be more downloadable content and updates later but for now it's not much."
,Recommended,238370,16046899,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,MrDrMedic Lloyd,"Another amazing entry into the franchise, a great game with the humour and fun combat still there. This is a fun game just like the first. My only complaint is that you can not change key bindings"
,Not Recommended,238370,16079145,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Celador,"Pre-ordered this game an hour before release. DAMN YOU IMPULSE BUYING!!!!!!!!!Unfortunately all of the negative reviews are true. The console cancer has spread and affected this game on top of the usual shoddy coding and gameplay issues which were expected.From the forced Paradox login which doesn't even allow to copy and paste your password, to in game windows which do not disappear, to randomly getting stuck on screen, to music getting bugged and start playing on top of itself, to being unable to switch the controller off while in game, to non working achievements page - this game makes all of the mistakes first Magica did and feels bugged, unpolished, lacking in details and attention.You'd think that after dozens of dlcs, hundreds of patches the last game received the developers would be more thorough and attentive but alas - its just as bad as it was years ago with the first game. It's even more mind boggling since Magica 2 was developed by another game studio. Did everyone stop testing games before release? Is this real life?Personally i don't care that you can't combine spells in a que now. In previous Magica players either used random spells and didn't bother with finding ""perfect"" combinations or used 2-3 overpowered spells on macros. At least i did. And it wasn't fun. Variety and ability to use different builds is what makes the game fun. If i wanted to use strictly one build, one set of items and one set of spells id be playing Diablo 3. Which i am playing but that's besides the point. The point is - balance and variety trumps overpowered overused spell combinations. Now if only this game had the balance and variety... i mean cmon - that rock takes like 5-7 seconds to charge now wtf?What i do care the most about this game are bugs and controls. Yes you can use the controller now. I've tried it for 45 seconds and im never using it again, so let me switch it off and change the controls in game, kplsthxbye. No i am not going to edit some txt file, try harder. I SAID TRY HARDER! Also fix characters getting stuck and freak out for no apparent reason. Also fix music. And achievements. Then we will talk. Meanwhile im down-voting. Good day sir's. I SAID GOOD DAY!"
76561198023662544,Recommended,238370,17125410,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,risingflames,"I liked Magicka 2. Was it shorter than Magicka 1? Yes. Was it less fun? No.Me and my girlfriend appreciated the new control scheme, even though it took a few flaming rocks to the head to get used to it :) We played with logitech controllers and it was a much better experience than Magicka 1.Here's what I liked:- Same awesome friend killing, enemy slaying coop.- Nicer graphics- Better control scheme for controllers- Harder difficulty (Magicka 1 was pretty easy)- More enemies- Enemies were though out better so you need to make a strategy about how to kill them- Jokes and references still aboundHere's what was off:- High difficulty playing alone. I tried. It didn't work out so well :) All of the enemies quickly surround you and then you die. Then you get revived back in the mob. And then die :)- Not as long as the Magicka 1- Difficult to find unlockables. Went through the first level a few times and couldn't find more than half of the secrets.But all in all, when your girlfriend tries to heal you and instead casts a death bomb at you and you both die laughing, it's worth every penny."
76561198022022944,Not Recommended,238370,16043840,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,JäntSlaktarn,Wizard wars 2:Singelplayer
76561198040607225,Not Recommended,238370,32909965,Posted: 27 June,all,Jordan Oquias,This game is shorter than my phallus.
,Recommended,238370,16041472,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Roflcakes Internet,"the first thing youll notice about this game is that its insanely short when compared to the first magicka and all you really get are updated graphics and more balanced spellsa disappointment when i see that the difficulty has skyrocketed as the game has been balanced with multiplayer in mind so going solo ends up just being a big ""YOU DIED"" screenmagicka 2 is great for the price it offers but just compared to what was before it just seems subpar magicks (specialty spells like tele-port and rain) are very very lacking as theres only a hand full where as in the first one there were 22 spells at your disposal and dlc gave 8 more whereas magicka 2 gives you 11 magicks to work with by the end of the gamesure theres challenges and harder story difficulties but the game just seems lacking next to its older wizardim certain they went the way of evolve but rather than tell people ""theres gonna be a TON of dlc in the future"" theyre gonna just wait till you figure it out on your own get ready for that 8 dollar map (not map pack just Map as in single map)i still like the game despite its numerous flaws and hope for another wizard based game in the future"
,Recommended,238370,16041904,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Lilith | Moonshi,"Work in Progress(Since i haven't finished the campaign)So since i pre-ordered the game i've been hyping since it would come out :D!!Overall opinions!I think this game is the best and funniest game of all time! It gives you a very fun gameplay,The characters and jokes are simply hilarious!The weapons and combats are very good codedWE HAVE SHORTCUTS PEOPLE!The graphics are simply beautiful! <3Story is perfect!The comedy is still dominating.And this is what i think of the game so far!First of all the story and the gameplay is very well done! I mean wow....This game sets the bar pretty high up, the comedy in the game is still as good if not better then in the first one, sometimes with even a couple of surprises.The characters are very well made, detailed and with funny voices. Remember when you entered the game and the weapons sometimes disappeared including the staff, the ones you had before you left? Now that has been solved! The ''remake'' of the character choosing with colours and stuff are much better now then before, the fact that you can now choose the staff and weapon of your choice before you enter the game is brilliant (including voice changes)!The combat level is really great, the idea of having shortcuts as in the MMO/RPG games is very useful and great to have right now. It makes the combats much more faster and smoother. Since it is a littlebit more difficult to survive it is very good to have a shortcut because you don't always have the time to do the combo.The combat itself is very well made. It isn't to nerfed and it isn't to op.I think it was a good idea to remove the (for those who doesn't know) combo what i think was pretty OP,when you combined steam with electricity you got a pretty damn good beam and made major damage, the problem with that combo was that once you learned it, you almost never changed to any other magic combos in combat. By removing this you're going to want to take a more strategic approach to this game compared to Magicka 1.It has everything you asked for, the spell books which you find is very obvious, (Unless there is more spells added then before which is hidden???) The graphics are so cool that it made my brain explode, everything is so beautiful, well designed.Now the shield got nerfed which i personally think is good because you can't stand there forever and boost it up, BUT!! You take much more damage now from small creatures then before which makes it a challenge to defeat the monsters, now goblins and orcs aren't the problems. The problem is that when you find for example a larger mob meanwhile there comes a lot of orcs and other creatures it makes it a littlebit hard to survive, but once again you need to think more now to try defeating the monsters. I haven't got far in the story but so far it's really good and i don't find any problems!So i still love the game and hope it will be just better and better, Brb, time to play some Magicka 2 <3"
,Recommended,238370,16022973,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Macho Man,"A fun co-op game, not as buggy as the original Magicka (which was to some extend unplayable) but it still has a few bugs nonetheless.It badly requires custom keybindings, and they should rather have released the console version first and finished up the PC version instead. Some cutscenes should have been cut down a bit and they should perhaps have tested the game on PC instead of only focusing on the console version."
,Recommended,238370,16030506,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,DA_REAL_SPA-TUNZX92,"Harder than the first, no OP spells. It's quite hardcore even on the easier difficulty. I have had no problems with it so far but a thing that i would want back from magicka 1 are the solid shields. That's all.GOOD"
,Not Recommended,238370,16017262,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Forden,I have had it with these motherf*ucking crabs on this mother*ucking game!10/10 would die to crabs again
76561198026357696,Recommended,238370,16015026,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Coolz,"I'm guessing all the people who put negative reviews haven't played Magicka: Wizard Wars.I also looked at their time played, none of them have played the game as long as I have.Let me tackle the first issue that I saw, the spellcasting. I'm gonna be honest, the first game's spellcasting was seriously flawed. Go start up your Magicka 1 and use ONLY steam, lightning, and arcane(now called death. Way more fitting to be honest). I bet you can beat the entire game using only that combo. This game is meant for you to try others. With that broken combo out of the way, I feel that I can happily use other spells knowing the game is balanced.Another issue I saw was logging in. If you played Magicka: Wizard Wars, then you DO NOT have to create an additional account. This game was MEANT for the people coming from Magicka: Wizard Wars. The controls are the same and the spellcasting is the same with 2 more spell slots.Someone also said there is ""No free will with magicks"" which they are horribly mistaken. There are actually TWO ways to use magicks. One way is the quick bar. The quick bar allows you to quickly use magicks without having to put in the elements. By using the quick bar, however, you are struck with a cooldown for that magick.... ONLY for the quick bar. BUT, if you manually enter in the magick, like the old game, you are NOT struck with a cooldown. I have confirmed this with many magicks.Rebinding keys... I technically don't have a say in this since I adapt to any default keys in any game. To be honest, others should, too. But I hear rebinding keys are in the works. No doubt that they will release a Magick that is related to it. *cough* Crash to Desktop *cough*This game is truly a great game. My favorite moment so far was when me and a goblin with a flamethrower were going at it. I was just spraying him with frost and he was spraying fire. At first I was about to win, then the thing freaking smacked me in the face with his flamethrower. 10/10 will spray again.EDIT:I will add one more point. This game has a lot more mobility than in the other game. I can now move around while using spells. Way better.EDIT 2:There actually is a cooldown by manually entering the magick in. But it is hardly noticeable as it is about 1-2 seconds and it is still significantly faster than using the quick bar.EDIT 3:I hope people know that this game comes after Wizard Wars in the timeline. It's only logical to think that it would be like Wizard Wars. I mean, in the trailer, the Arcane was the same exact thing as the Arcane in wizard wars."
76561198200579237,Recommended,238370,18785075,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Travis2679,"magicka 2 is very simiilar to one, but in this u make things that you couldnt before"
76561198037620009,Recommended,238370,19502635,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,LitKitty,"Magicka 2 is a game about wizards, plain and simpleIt features many different enemies and situations. It has a easy-to-learn/hard-to-master spell casting format where you can mix and match elements as you please to create all sorts of different effects, from making a flaming rock barrier around yourself, to throwning an explosive boulder at a hundred miles an hour, and blessing a sword with frost that slows and hurts, or even a beam that will poison and heal you at the same time.I know it says I have like no time in the game at the moment, but i've played for hours on PS4, and I just wish I had a controllerMy only grevance with the game is the control style for PCIts left click to move and the middle mouse/right mouse button for spells and your sword, I would prefer that the mouse would point you in a direction and you could use WASD to move.Also obligitorymade death and fire spell with massive blast radius for the final hit of a bossaccidentally applied to selfdied11/10 would rage at myself, then repeat boss fight again"
,Recommended,238370,19583071,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Sloster,"AMAZING i dont care what people say, but this game is beutiful, the graphics are improved and physics and mechanics are mixed from magicka and magicka: Wizard Wars, also i love the concept that this is happening after the ""wizard wars"" xD so basically our massing around and pvp in magicka wizard wars made dis happen :P the game is great, no matter if you like magicka or wizard wars better, this is the perfect mix between them, and a game that deserves more than what the community gave it :) keep the amazing work going guys"
,Recommended,238370,19813958,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,yokos,"Plays really well with a controller, other than that is more of the same bonkers Wizzard on Wizzard action!Learn to grief again!"
,Recommended,238370,19826716,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,DerSkipp3r,great game but very short
,Recommended,238370,20236202,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,BlackHawk185,"Overview: Magicka requires practice and skill. You have 8 different elements you have to use, and thus 8 different keys, those being qwerasdf. You have to learn where they are and how to use them in combat. Which can be difficult, and those who can't incredibly well might find it challanging to get good at the game. If you can't type 50WPM+, don't get this. If you type 100+WPM, this is going to be freaking amazing for you.Pros: It's unique, and inspires creativity. You can alsobecreative.It's funny, if you like the kind of humor in it.Great game to play with friends. Unless your friends can't tell when to stop killing you.Cons: Those friends I just talked about? They don't know when to stop killin ya.It requires being able to use a keyboard properly.Campaign is a little on the short side."
,Recommended,238370,20260501,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Cutsome Jack,Wonderful game. Not as original as the original but such is life with sequels. Also works perfectly on Linux Mint which is very nice.
,Not Recommended,238370,19948010,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,doctorEeevil,"It has mixed reviews for a reason. While the first game was good, this game is almost completely identical! I wouldn't pay anything for this, because the changes to the game are so minor, it ammounts to little more than a small handful of gameplay tweaks, and a new campaign. I would expect this much content to be a completely free update, and this honestly feels like I've just been swindled. In addition, the gameplay get MUCH more difficult very early into the game, likely because of the addition of spellcasting while moving. The developers seem to have overestimated how much of a difference this change makes to the gameplay, and coping with the increased diffifulty is very frustrating. The only thing I can consider an upside of this game is that it looks slightly more modern (still not comparable to almost any titles from 2015), and the multiplayer system is ever so slightly convoluted, although it does occasionally place you into mulitplayer without warning. In addition, I would steer clear of buying this if you have a mac, because several versions of OSX have a game breaking bug in which all key presses are recieved twice by the game, making it completely impossible to log into the game (a required step). Overall, the game feels extremely limited in terms of the value of the changes, to the point that playing this game feels similar to replaying the original. I would NOT recommend buying this game, unless you spent hundreds of hours on the original, and a new campaigne is worth this much money to you."
76561197961981890,Recommended,238370,19148132,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,lord_mordos,"Don't understand why its so bad rated. But also don't know magicka 1, so no clue what actually changed.I love it, funny game, had no bugs so far."
,Recommended,238370,33127635,Posted: 2 July,all,Mango,Imma wizard ♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,238370,32525923,Posted: 17 June,all,Eltanin,Not as funny or engaging as the first one's story but it still retains its unique charm. Also not as buggy as the first game.Incredibly fun with friends.
,Recommended,238370,19895173,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,CogitoProxy,"In my shameful sequal category on steam along with Dark Souls II. First one was hella fun and this one is more like a way to kill time with your friends (you wont after you play this). We usually spend at least 3-4 times longer in a zone than was intended and the main things you can hear are ""hey let me do a damage check"" or ""SERIOUSLY GUYS CAN WE MOVE ON"". Our playthroughs typically demonstrate Game of Thrones level politics and betrayal and usually end up with us all killing each other a lot. I often wonder if Magicka is a giant social experiment to see what happens when a human has elemental powers and the ability to revive his friends, in most cases the answer would probably be global ahiniliation and rebirth.I dont seem to hold the venom towards this game as others in the comments but I guess I also have♥♥♥♥♥♥taste in games. I personally enjoy the game albeit not nearly as much as I did the first one, but I wouldnt say this game is a waste of time and/or money. Especially if you pick it up on sale. They do cater to people who spend money (I preorderd it and got some OP starting equip) and if you buy the DLC's you will be more overpowered than everyone else."
76561198009041847,Recommended,238370,20146593,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,[ClanOfTheOnlyPwner] DaOnlyOwner,"I love this game. The most fun part of it is, when you invade other's people games and kill them while they are trying to defeat a boss. Then you disconnect."
76561198121483242,Recommended,238370,20231864,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Night★Xing☆,good
,Recommended,238370,19687889,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Fe_板烧,"Among all the games I played,in this one I used most abusive language.Yes, to my partner."
,Recommended,238370,19678435,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Invader Sturm,"The majority of negative reviews are ancient, from a land before time, when this game was buggier (as all Paradox games are on release) and much worse. This game, now, by popular demand, has the Steam and Ice elements, as well as the Poison element, a new addition to the series; with the new patches and changes, this game is definitely worthy of purchase."
76561198313171556,Recommended,238370,23958950,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,AutisticBuddha,I like the game and all but if you're not buying the dlc(s) it's a pretty short game.
76561198255764619,Recommended,238370,19147532,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Vitty,"very, very, very hard to play because FPS  are terrible so say for example you move you would glitch wait a second then so on and so forth it if you can play it like that but seriously who would like playing like that it's terrible graphics wise but i deffinetly do recommend it it is very fun to play with friends sooooo yay i don't know why i said but eh"
,Recommended,238370,20400037,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Chr4sh,"Everything is better in Magicka 2 !!!Very great game, which is 100% worth buying10/10"
,Recommended,238370,27997661,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Mr Fail,"Master Shield spells because one of your ""friends"" is going to use something they can't aim."
76561198078263184,Recommended,238370,19458601,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Akande Ogundimu,You get achievments for killing yourself and your friend10/10 Best game
,Recommended,238370,20031136,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Foo,"Amazing - I love the spells, I love the humor, I love the art style."
,Recommended,238370,19885673,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,mux,Nice to play and combinations
76561198201147129,Recommended,238370,19867569,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,KarekaBR,"Multiplayer is a lot of fun, and even on singleplayer, fun can be found, if you feel like a lone wolf.Played so much, sometimes I found myself thinking, ""I wanna be a wizard too"" just to see if I can combine as much spells theses little dudes do."
76561198017726897,Recommended,238370,19939486,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,laxative overdose,"I didn't play pre-patch version (with bad movement system and w\o spell combining), so the only thing i have to say - its an original magicka with a new campaing. Must have."
,Recommended,238370,18815457,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,ßruno,"Amazing and funny game!I loved it! Just missing a PvP Mode, but I still do a PvP on mission Maps =D."
,Recommended,238370,19856752,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Smoke,This game is way fun if you have a few friends to spare.   The settings given in the game help ease the chage in gameplay for magicka 1 players as well.  Highly Recommended!
76561197971427962,Recommended,238370,20056006,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,BondJevel,Awesome
76561197987733274,Recommended,238370,16028818,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,alexsamuraiuuu,"If you've played Magicka 1 and Wizard Wars before I urge you to try this installment; lots of fun co-op action, light-hearted and humorous game dialog with finely tuned and balanced spell mechanics. For those that are new to the series I would say this game packs a good 10 to 20 hour campaign but really the meat and potatoes of the game and the series is experimentation with the spell system which translates to many, many more hours of entertainment if you are willing to experiment! I would say this is a must buy for anyone that enjoys spell casting in rpgs along with a very fair price to boot."
76561198008109819,Recommended,238370,16030708,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,OzoneGrif,"I give a thumb up because this game is worth the $15 you have to pay for it. Magicka 2 *is* a very good game, but it requires an update because in current's state, it's very hard to play and enjoy.Finishing the campaign in solo is awfully difficult and frustrating : The monsters keep blocking you with earth-spells and there is nothing more annoying than to see your movements limited by a badly though gameplay. All the spells have been heavily weakened. Throwing a huge rock to explode frozen monsters is so difficult you won't be able to do it unless really lucky. The shield is worthless, it doesn't block the monsters anymore. And rock barriers won't hold more than one or two seconds, useless.Your life is much lower than before, and everytime you are hit, your inputs are reset and frozen for two seconds. Winning in solo is basically : Never get hit, never get stuck, or you are dead. The game has been though to be multiplayer, nothing else.On the bright side, the fun is still there, voice acting is amazing, graphics are very nice, and animations are close to perfection."
,Recommended,238370,19026520,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,"Ryoma, Prince of Hoshido",if you liked the first its a great new story line
76561198022584811,Recommended,238370,18964545,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,dd19ron,"A huge amount of spell combinations, humour, great co-op game, one of a kind"
,Recommended,238370,33116343,Posted: 1 July,all,The Smartass,Ahh.  Who doesn't love sitting down on your couch with some friends and than killing and reviving each other over and over again.  Good times.  Can't seem to stop killing my teammates.  Well stories fine and games good soo...  Get it if you want to kill your teammates for a good cause.
76561198286090034,Recommended,238370,28885185,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Cannias,best game with friends
76561198171922449,Recommended,238370,22747199,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Satan,"Amazing game, better than the first in my opinion"
,Not Recommended,238370,16028702,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,MottonBunchie,"Alright. lets put the cards on the table here:I would not recommend this game. I mean it is okay, but If you wanna play this game for the Magicka feeling, stick with the first game.As everyone says the Character movements are ♥♥♥♥♥♥ and the keybindings suck.. You cannot cast spells in mid air and at one point in the game I got stuck because the objective kinda blended a bit too much in with the background. (Might have been me being stupid but still felt like it could have given some hints)Those are ofc just technical issues, but here's my real problem with this game.This isn't the Magicka I remember. This is just a cheap knockoff of Wizard Wars, and personally I didn't get the Magicka feel from Wizard Wars. I mean Magicka was full of secrets, references, Easter eggs and stupid puns and♥♥♥♥♥♥This game has barely any of those things, and those things were the stuff that made Magicka so special.I mean of course you have to have a story to follow, but in Magicka I felt the developers kinda just took the story so unseriously through out the game which was hilarious. They still stuck with the lore but it had this comedy feeling too it which for me made the game perfect.But for Magicka 2, what the ♥♥♥♥ happened?! This game is more serious than Call of Duty's ♥♥♥♥ing singleplayer campaign missions. There is barely any joking around and most of the references/easter eggs in the game was hard to understand wasn't really funny. To be honest I have to say I kinda got a bit bored playing this game, because it did not feel like Magicka at all. I mean your god damn trailers were hilarious! Game of Thrones parody, the Vlad's interview and the Karaoke singalong is how Magicka is supposed to be, not like this. The lore is just too serious and heavy.To be honest with you guys, you should stick to making trailers for games and not the actual game itself.I will be honest and say that aside from horrible keybinding and the fact that you can't cast spells in mid air, the spellcasting is okay. The game itself is okay too, but it's far from what made Magicka so special.Sorry to say but this kinda disappointed me."
,Recommended,238370,30992799,Posted: 7 April,all,Eixa,always cross the streams( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
,Recommended,238370,20784006,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,conc,it's okay...
76561198077297226,Recommended,238370,19891724,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Mr Moonman,basically like realm of the mad god however theres more spells and awesome combos
76561198069690797,Recommended,238370,20133447,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,DuRuaRuaRua,This game = DotA Invoker Kaer-3000 !  10/10Play with friends =  Suicide Squad ! 11/10
76561197989634078,Not Recommended,238370,16016229,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Darx,"i played for like 10 minutes and thought: wtf is this?!i liked magicka 1 but this is just crap.the movement sucks, the spell-system is downgraded.the whole thing looks like a crappy console port with the abillity to share this awefull experience with your steam friends."
,Not Recommended,238370,35034322,Posted: 17 September,all,BARACK OBAMA,Such a disppointment compared to its predecessor
76561198020728468,Recommended,238370,28825919,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Gerard,"While Magicka 2 is very much imperfect, I still liked this game. As far as co-op teamkill simulators go, you could do worse.A month or so back I bought Helldivers. After playing that for 40 hours and completing the hardest difficulties, I was disappointed to find the developer abandoned the game in favor of working on Magicka 2. After playing it, I can't understand why they made this choice. Nor can I see where all the effort went. I played through the campain 3 times in 11 hours, once on each difficulty. Where's all the sodding content?So I went browsing through the Magicka 2 reviews and found some sourpuss comments that described Magicka 1. Supposedly there were higher quality jokes, the gameplay was more versatile and the magicks were handled better. Upon playing Magicka 1 I found none of this true. The jokes are inoffensive but stale in both games, it never really rises above the level of insisting Vlad isn't a vampire. The gameplay isn't more or less versatile either. Magicka 1 everything dies to qfasa or ddddd, Magicka 2 everything dies to ffsaa or the right enchant + shield. Both games feature BS instakilling boss moves, both games offer OP item and spell combos to make up for it.In conclusion, while Magicka 2 was dreadfully short, it was also one of the richer gameplay experiences I've had this year. But the only time I laughed was over the accidental (or not) teamkills.PS: Calling a vampire character Vlad and saying he's not a vampire is not the same as a joke. There's no punchline, no twist. Same with the references. Introducing a character named John Frost and having him speak some broody lines about winter is not a joke. There's no twist, no new insight into Jon Snow aside from that he exists and the developers know about him. Well. I watched Game Of Thrones too, Pieces Interactive. Your move."
76561198374605736,Recommended,238370,33256227,Posted: 4 July,all,Dior_Alexander,"It's not Magicka ,It's Kael's Battle of Dota !This is the most happy and relaxing game i ever played ,Recommend toattackplay with your friends ,You will get much more happiness from this game .Finally , I really want to recommend this fantastic game to my friends and play with them , so we NEED Chinese ! Thank you !"
,Recommended,238370,20963655,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Jett,"Learned about this game from accidently seeing it on a random YouTube channel that popped up while it was auto-changing. Downloaded it because it was cheap and told my friend to get it as well.We opened the game and didn't stop until we beat it on NORMAL difficulty and I absolutely can't wait to play through it again.Going back through my stats it seems that I've only unlocked a tiny fraction of what is possible to unlock in the game (weapons, robes, modifiers, etc.) and it got me even more excited. If you're looking for a great coop game you can play with a couple of friends, look no further."
76561198021614868,Recommended,238370,16033131,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,HolisticAssassin,"tl;dr This isn't Magicka 1, but it doesn't stray too far from the formula. Fun, but very difficult solo, so best enjoyed with a friend or three. :) Also, I correct some misinformation below that is being spread in the negative reviews.The first Magicka is one of my all-time favorite games. The concept of pulling together elements in different combinations to create and unleash a wizard's fury upon his or her enemies is still brilliant, and retained for Magicka 2. Before going further, there are a couple bits of misinformation that are being propagated in some of the negative reviews for Magicka 2:1) The devs have implemented a hotbar system for the casting of the powerful 'magicks' with a single key press. However, this is ENTIRELY optional. The player still retains the ability to manually cast magicks by keying in the elements and hitting the space bar. In fact, the new implementation just gives different players the choice of how to use magicks--they can either use a single key press and suffer through the cooldown timer, or they can use the old manual method WHICH HAS NO COOLDOWN. I cast Haste all the time using the manual method and don't have to worry about the cooldown at all.2) Another common complaint in the comments is that the player now has to use a click to move system to control their wizard. Similar to #1 above, this is half-true. Yes, players can click to move their wizard (which allows for firing behind you while on the move), or they can use the classic method of moving their wizard which is click and drag, guiding the wizard along a path. Again, the choice is up to the player.The humor is a little hit and miss, and the devs may have overdone it a bit (I don't need a joke in every line of dialogue). Still funny, but maybe a bit much.So, is it fun? Yes...but maybe not solo. Solo, it has fun moments, but it is also way more difficult. I had to replay the first boss seven or eight times before I came up with a strategy for defeating it. On the other hand, the very fact that I had to think about a strategy and then execute it was exciting...but still probably more taxing than it needed to be. For best results, play with friends. :D"
76561197992239417,Not Recommended,238370,16016114,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Roodvlees,"What a huge dissapointment. It looks terrible, worse than the original. It offers the same gameplay as the original, with the addition of a few extra magics. Even though I could only bear it for a few minutes. I don't understand why they didn't just make another story line expansion for the original."
,Recommended,238370,16013683,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,<HUTner>,Playing on a low end gaming rig with 50 plus FPS on highest settings. The Gameplay is like magicka 1 but with some new mechanics. The game is perfectly stable (no crashes so far) as well. the graphics are what you would expect from a magicka game they look great and are also a big improvement on magicka one. The new game changing artifacts are an awesome feature that will make the game have a lasting apeal. for 15$ USD this was by far the greatest game of all time.l
,Not Recommended,238370,16020105,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Keno,"2 big issues make me don't wanna play;First, clunky control both move and aim just like Magicka Wizard Wars.Second, less variety of spell n spell seriously has no power.(feel like a powerful wizard in Magicka 1 but 2 is like an apprentice.)In Mag1 when you blow your friend, it look likes an unintentional and hilarious while in Mag2, the spell is really weak which you can see very clear when someone intentionally troll start charging big spell to throw at party instead of an accident."
,Not Recommended,238370,16036332,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Kaedys,"Punishing difficulty even on the easiest setting.  No keybinding options (middle mouse isn't a key I typically use, would prefer to remap it, but it's used for like 3 different spell shapes).  Everything just feels watered down from the original."
76561198090163845,Not Recommended,238370,16029556,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Göksu Öldü Göksu Yok,This game disappointed me. I can't make fun like magicka 1.Some of the spells doesn't work.  New spells and enemies are cool.Like new features but need to be more like magicka 1.4/10.
,Not Recommended,238370,16029649,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Kah1ro,"As much as i loved first magicka, this game as it is complete peace of♥♥♥♥♥♥ DO NOT BUY IT.       Waste of money."
76561198043952571,Not Recommended,238370,16030411,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Mafia_pomo,"OH YEEEESHH!! I loved Magicka, can't wait for magicka 2!!!---> After 5 minutes of play, i noticed the stone charge up takes ages. Well okay, if it was OP, it should be changed, but then i noticed if i don't fully charge, the projectile flies practically nowhere. That got me bit upset.Then i noticed the elements which merged does not do that anymore. You can still produce steam by using water and fire, but they stay as 2 separate elements in your line. Okay, again OP things got nerfed, but same time they put away some less OP fun stuff.Soon i tried to do lightning beam. Oops, now lightning takes the priority over arcane (death), and instead i got an arcane lightning. That's crappyThen the quickslots came in. At that point i was stunned how ♥♥♥♥♥♥ thing was added to the game. I have allways thought that being good at magicka requires you to memorize some magicks and use them fast, now you gotta just push a button. Fortunately though, the buttonpress does have a CD, but unfortunately the CD is also with just using elements to do the spell, fortunately shorter than the buttonpress tho.Then i noticed the push. That spell sucks♥♥♥♥♥ It has no range whatsoever, and hardly pushes anything away.Also the movement feels slippery, and for some reason the keybinds have been changed since the original. That would be fine, but you can't change the binds. That seems like an intentional game flaw to me.TLDR: Very little improvement to compensate lots of things done wrong"
,Recommended,238370,16043636,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Nep Nep,Entropy Mines 8/10 would accidentally kill self again
76561197975336217,Not Recommended,238370,16028603,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,John Caffeine,"Can't rebind keys.Completely ruins the game for me, no excuse for this on a PC game."
,Not Recommended,238370,16029496,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Lord Buckethead,"It's a huge buggy mess, you'd be better off not buying it or wait for them to patch the bugs."
,Not Recommended,238370,16030806,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,EuropeanCowboy,"Magicka 2... my biggest disappointment ever!Even ubisoft delivers more complete games than this garbage, ill point out some things which makes this so disappointing1. No control rebindings.. yeaaaah -.-'- i looked for it, and was utterly surprised to see that this basic feature which should be in ALL games, is non-existent in magicka 2^ FIX THIS, Are you trying to leave pc gaming? or what am i missing...2. Dont fix something that aint broke... DONT ADOPT THIS WIZARD WARS CONTROL SYSTEM- I get how the wizard wars can benefit some ways from having this control system.. balance etc. but please dont put that wonky feeling into your co-op game^ Give us back the old controls! If we had a ""controls"" menu we could probably change it to be like the first one we all remember(this is the more ranted part)3. Why the heck would you dumb down the spell casting system!- The first magicka allowed a total of 10 spells into one cast, due to the blending mechanic. It felt powerful, and you could create some really interesting combos... im GOING TO SAY THIS AGAIN, it is NOT a freaking multiplayer only game which needs this dumbed down cast system. If i want to feel like the best damn spell casting wizard, i need some more options, it felt like you tried to make it possible for 5 year olds to understand spell casting. DONT ADOPT FEATURES FROM THAT WIZARD WARS GAMEi dont need anymore points to make myself clear... you get the pictureConclusion:Get the first magicka if you havn't played it yet, and wait for an insane sale on this game.This entire game smells like the attempt of reaching console platforms by smoothing=(removing) out some stuff that made the pc spell casters so superiorBiggest disappointment so far - 2015"
,Not Recommended,238370,22310154,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Julian,"Magicka 2: Learn to Feel Disappointment Again(for the record, ""disappointment again"" is not referring to Magicka as a disappointment. I'm more taking a stab at all sequels to great games suck)It pains me to give Magicka 2 a negative review considering I absolutely loved the hell out of the first one! This game wasn't all bad, as there are some pretty great improvements from the original Magicka but unfortunately the few bad things in this game outweigh the good for me.First, we'll talk about the good:Improved controls:I don't even know where to begin here. In Magicka, the controls were fairly simple, if not a tad janky but they worked nonetheless. In Magicka 2, they've definitely worked on the system. Now you can walk and cast, movement is much smoother, more responsive, and accurate.Better netcode:Pieces has opted to use Paradox's game service in Magicka 2 instead of Steamworks like they did in Magicka but it has drastically improved the netcode. Desynchronization is very seldom an issue anymore, if ever. Latency has been bumped down majorly, positions of enemies and objects are more accurate.Better optimizations (plus physics!):Performance seems to have increased tenfold in Magicka 2, as Magicka had its performance issues. Plus physics has been drastically improved. Physics-enabled items no longer jump around and twitch violently, force isn't as ridiculous as it was in Magicka (but then again it was the janky physics in Magicka that kind of was part of the entertainment for me)Sadly, here's the bad:The story:I was not impressed, especially with all the promises made on their trailers and announcements. I, much like a lot of the Magicka fanbase, fell for a lot of the promises the developers made for Magicka 2. I figured there was going to be a long (or at least moderately long) story, similar to Magicka in terms of length. Instead what we got was a fairly short, bland, and full of humor forced upon you.Game service:In the sequel, Pieces has opted to use Paradox's online service instead of Steamworks in the name of what I assume was netcode. While this wasn't a particularly BAD choice, Paradox's service is just a hassle, I had an extremely difficult time signing up for it at first and after much research and grinding teeth, I finally got it to work. I tried the game recently and I can't even log in anymore, for whatever reason. It just won't take.Weakness system:I'm not particularly fond of the weakness system in Magicka 2. In most cases, it really would only take a couple seconds longer to kill an enemy with normal magicks compared if you were using its weakness against it. Sure, while you could argue that sometimes a couple seconds could make all the difference, in this game the ""sometimes"" is really the case. Except it's more seldom.Mutators or ""artifacts"":This is another system I'm not particularly fond of. The mutators or ""artifacts"" didn't really have anything that spiced up the gameplay in an interesting way for me. It just felt boring or annoying.Magicka 2 was a game I overhyped the hell out of once I heard it was announced. It was a sequel I hoped and prayed for once I beat Magicka and finally my prayers were heard. I followed news religiously, watched their trailers (I love their musical trailer with Vlad even to this day. I'm listening to it right now), I screamed in absolute joy as the release date neared.Finally Magicka 2 was released. Like a giddy child on Christmas day, I launched Magicka 2; excited out of my mind as Steam installed the prerequisites. The game launches, intro videos play, then we get to the menus, asking me to sign up for a Paradox service. I was slightly confused as to why they would swap to their own service instead of using Steamworks like Magicka, as it was certainly convenient. Though I pretty much came to the conclusion it was because of netcode. Right off the bat I'm having to fight the account creation to create my account with repeated failures, cutting into the time I could be using to actually play the game when my brother seemingly got it to work without difficulty.After some research, teeth grinding, and anger, I finally got my account set up and ready to play. My brother and I join each other and the adventure begins finally! Without spoilers, we played the game for about two hours before we beat the campaign. Sure, there was stumbling at first as we attempted to get the hang of the new movement and casting system (which was a huge improvement over Magicka) but once we got the hang of it we breezed through the game.The campaign its self was fairly interesting, though once we got over our excitement we could see it was rather boring; the world felt extremely linear, ""puzzles"" were overly simple or lacked entirely, the humor was foisted upon you instead of discovering it like in Magicka and thus lost its charm. Creativity was not encouraged in the slightest because even enemies with weaknesses could be killed almost as easily without using their weakness so there was little point to the weakness system.It was heartbreaking to play a second time. I couldn't even bring myself to finish it, get more robes, mutators, or to even try the arenas. I was already done trying to find some redemptive property of the game to justify what the game lacked so much that the first one had. Part of me wants a Magicka 3 in hopes that they'll carry over the good they've done to the game and correct the wrong but part of me hopes that they never touch the idea of Magicka 3.While the game was a disappointment for me, that's not to say that others can't enjoy it. If you enjoy it, by all means please do! I looked at the reviews before I wrote this and it seems some opinions are changing with a recent spell rebalance but that doesn't fix a majority of issues I have with the game.(how do I end reviews?)I will link my favorite trailer when Magicka 2 was in development. While I was disappointed with the game, I am not at all disappointed in this kareoke singalong trailer with Vladhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tLqkAFnm-c0"
76561198027088867,Not Recommended,238370,23912184,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Laaash,"This game was a gigantic letdown to the first game.Boring gameplay, way too easy bossfights, honestly I just wanted to get through the game as quickly as possible and finish it cus I was just annoyed with it.The fact that the playthrough was like 3 hours on a casual level shows how low effort was put into this, there was almost nothing that caught my eye with this game and it felt like a empty shell of the first game.The cooldown on casting major spells are the most annoying thing you will encounter playing through this game, waiting for casting spells and you can't really juke around because of it, makes it just that much more frustrating.I loved the first game, gameplay, the story, the lighthearted jokes, the enviroment and everything else it had to offer, secrets, spells etc. Playing the game solo was hard, but still hella fun and at the same time, rewarding for your persistence. Sure you had your way of cheesing certain bosses and could consider making it too easy, but that was also part of the charm. I assume the cooldown in this second game was put in so you couldn't cheese as much, but at the same time that is what made a good magicka player good, casting long spells required quick fingers and memory, I remember playing with friends and we all tried to quickly cast spells and alot of times people would ♥♥♥♥ up and blow everyone up, giving everyone a good laugh.But this game? Felt like it was a prototype of the first game. Would I recommend this? Absolutely not, buy the first one and don't bother with the second."
76561197970909469,Recommended,238370,25346871,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Mongo-Bongo,"Definitely harder than Mackiga 1 but also more more fun, with new controls. Hard to beat all alone, there is a harder mode/modes aswell, requires some skill though =). I can recommand this game for people who wants fun and a challange and also a fun coop mode that makes this game a complete mess killing eachother by accident/""accident"" ;) but that is a part of the game :).It takes some time to get used to the controls, even if ya have played Magicka 1."
,Recommended,238370,25186683,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Ishvii,"I really like this. But while I think the mechanics are brilliant, it's funny, well acted and has pretty graphics, it's just hard and frustrating trying to remember the buttons to kill things without insta-gibbing yourself, especially solo."
76561198075897182,Recommended,238370,29525144,Posted: 27 January,all,prox.pox,"I wondered when i was going to see an Dota 2 SimulatorThere we go a 800% harder invokerIt teached me how to feedless in Dota 211/10Appart, the game is fun and is very time consuming... killing other players..♥♥♥♥♥♥♥aroundThis game is awesome for wasting time12/10wait what?13/10"
,Recommended,238370,29168238,Posted: 10 January,all,404 Not Found,It's absolutely a nice game. Playing It with friends is really enjoyable.
,Recommended,238370,29489759,Posted: 25 January,all,Snaz,"I love this game - I was gonna complain but, I learned how to fix the loss of sensitivity on my ps4 controller to playIf you guys use ds4 you can fix it - your controller needs be optimal to play this game.Its super cute an I love it."
,Recommended,238370,30238720,Posted: 28 February,all,Yama007,As fan of Magicka1 i played Magicka2 on solo mode without online connection.Was fun and without problems playable on older computer (Q6600).
76561198071225282,Not Recommended,238370,30203298,Posted: 26 February,all,Mr. Piggy,"At the very beginning, it is extremly spammy and practically need at least two people to do well. The Magicka 1 engine was fine, but they remade it to make the graphics better but it instead botched the gameplay. Nothing from the first game is nearly as effective in the second. Not worth it I N  M Y  O P I N I O N."
,Recommended,238370,30302509,Posted: 3 March,all,TheGoatsy,AS GOOD As THE FIRST 1
76561197962078610,Recommended,238370,29476099,Posted: 24 January,all,Skynet,"Good game but too short.There was a ♥♥♥♥♥torm on release with people somehow imagining Magicka 1 to be vastly superior, whereas both games are on the same level in reality, amount of content aside."
76561198064073080,Not Recommended,238370,32737514,Posted: 24 June,all,McK,"I think this game doesn't  deserve it's title, it's plot is dull and the ending is really dissapointing nor is it long enough to be a good sequel, sure it is lore friendly but surely it's not worth it's price (which is 15 euro's)."
76561198064270537,Not Recommended,238370,31914340,Posted: 23 May,all,Nightmare Moon,"Got atleast 5 times more game time from other games than from this one, the price is a joke. It took 9 hours to beat game (1, maybe 2 hours was sitting in lobby or paused game waiting for each other to do something irl). After that, there's just... repeat all of this stuff but with different settings as difficulty or farmed by player artifacts that changes things (if there was atleast ability to press button and random settings pop out... but insted player have to challenge themselves and kinda don't feel like intentionaly destroying things in 1 hit or not being able to kill anything at all) There are also weapons, robes and staves... meh, bought this game with DLC, literaly never changed weapons from beggining to end of campaign, there was maybe one weapon that suited more for frost damage..., other than that everything was underpowered compared to DLC items and DLC itself gives for the price of almost game... just some robes and staves, yay, so much content..."
,Not Recommended,238370,16023385,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Natje,"They pretty much ruined a fantastic game. First Wizard Wars, now Magicka 2. Both♥♥♥♥♥♥ Magic has been nerfed. I no longer feel like a strong wizard, I feel like a weakling trying desperately to survive. This isn't the Magicka I know."
,Recommended,238370,16035108,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Philiard,"Good game and an excellent followup to Magicka 1. People are just upset that their BS combos that could carry them throughout the entire game without any skill required don't work anymore. I find myself using much more spell variety in this one, even using mines, which I never used in the first game. The only downside I could find in the new system is the fact that shields are almost pointless on their own, but otherwise, I enjoy it."
,Not Recommended,238370,16045500,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Toastgoblin,"Ok first of all: I adore Magicka 1 and i had some hours of fun (not many though) with Wizard Wars but Magicka 2 is something i was afraid of. It's not all bad but as many details as they improved as many details ever so slightly they have ruined. I remember being surprised by the fact that the color of the Rock armor changed in magicka 1 based on it's strength...well this beatutiful little detail is no more...and the absolute doomray ""qfqfasa"" was as op as freezing the enemy and throwing a rock at them....they fixed the rock part. which i don't like but can accept. but i don't like that the possibility of connecting fire and water to create steam is dumbed down to both stays as fire and water but it creates steam. Not a big change but takes a slot more and ♥♥♥♥s up a lot of spells. I think they tried to balance magicka2 for the PvP part...which i WOULD be fine with if it wasn't for Magicka 2 to be mainly a PvE game and it was part of the fun of the game to be able to basically oneshot everything...The sheer stupidity of some mechanics was the best part of magicka 1Pro:+Story+moving while casting+stable multiplayer+some small details (lasering on an icd enemy reflects etc.)+humor/eastereggs+soundtrack (despite everything else  love the soundtrack :D)Con:-Casting system dumbed down-shortcuts take out a lot of chaos (which was basically the fun of the game) by basically putting the chances to ♥♥♥♥ up spells to 0-too short-slick controls-interface (to console-ish for an originally PC game)(-buggy but i'm sure they will at least patch that :P)To conclude: If you have some friends to play it with and you have played Magicka 1....you CAN buy it you might be able to squeeze some fun out of it but if you haven't played Magicka 1 or don't have friends.....buy magicka 1. You'll have more fun with it......I hate to say that but i am VERY disappointed by this game and it is hard to disappoint me since i generally never expect something good....."
76561198019277704,Not Recommended,238370,16047894,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Saggachi,"You can't play this game alone, because it's too hard. Tried to make an account for online mode, and it told me their servers were down.Not worth it, wait till it updates with difficulty settings or their servers are more stable."
,Recommended,238370,16063684,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,IndirectlyLemon,"I put on my robe and wizards hat. My Tech-robe, Laser-guided Wizard's hat, TNT-Staff and Tentacle Sword. SPELL TO THE DEATH!"
,Recommended,238370,16065831,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Cirom,"A more balanced Magicka. Honestly not getting the criticism for this game - the new controls allow for moving while casting, and makes it so that you don't have to focus on moving too much. The new spell balance feels a LOT nicer, and it's not just ""spam one combo to win"" like Magicka 1. And the fact that spells don't combine into single-slot new elements now seems mostly for balance than anything - which is nice.Plus, the new features just add to the experience. 1-2-3-4 Magick casting is great for having newer players get used to the game, while they never removed regular Magick casting (and casting them regularly has less cooldown, anyway!) -- so you can still reactively press W-A-SPACE and A-S-F-SPACE for your revive and haste spells, respectively - while assigning your 1-2-3-4 keys to Magicks you don't quite remember the combo for yet. (I never could remember the combo for Conflagration / Dragon Strike, for instance!)And likewise, the game is a lot more balanced now. The spellcasting is more focused on casting against the weakness of your enemy now instead of just overpowering them with a single spell combo. The difficulty also seems to be ramped up a bit now - enemies tend to swarm a LOT more. You'll want a friend to play with - although playing alone isn't impossible anymore, thanks to the new Familiar companions. Once you get revived (at the cost of your familiar), you can easily just revive your Familiar back again with a quick W-A-SPACE. Just make sure you're not in enemy fire first. ;D"
,Recommended,238370,16132863,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Huge   Angelo,ooo yesh dis a gud one
,Recommended,238370,16252392,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,TaVeRiC,"I'm going to be as fair as I can. Do I recommend this game? Yes. It's an unique, adventure game that is a lot of fun with friends and the devs increased the replay value a little by adding multiple levels of difficulty to theadventurethis time.But I have to be honest on my feelings towards this sequel that I was looking forward to for quite some time. At the time of writing this review I have about 20hrs in game and almost 700 hrs in the prequel. I was clearly an avid Magicka player but I felt this sequel fell short of what made the original game ""magical"" (pun intended).Lets start with the spell casting. I miss the freedom and creativity of casting a multitude of varying spells at will to defeat my surrounding enemies in the prequel. Where as in the sequel I feel limited, weaker and as if I'm spamming the same spells because not much else works. Also the Magicks are no where near as impressive as in the original.The challenge mode is another example of ""better in the prequel"" and the missing VS mode is a disappointment and if Magicka: Wizard Wars is supposed to fill that void then... no thanks. I already had my fill on the sequel and not sure how much more time I'll spend on it.I understand that this game was developed for the PS4 as well. Not sure if the changes were to make the game more controller friendly or if the devs wanted to manipulate how players played their game. In comparison this Magicka has lost it's touch.----Bottom Line----Magicka 2 is a cool little game on it's own. But with it's prequel standing behind, it's easily overshadowed. Some may agree that Magicka 2 would make more sense as the prequel and the original it's sequel.If you never played any Magicka game before I recommend this one because the online presence in the first game is almost non existent at this point."
76561198105455417,Recommended,238370,16360108,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Froink,Nice
,Recommended,238370,16911374,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,mcdehuevo,"Magicka (the first one) was recommended to me recently based on enjoying Castle Crashers. I enjoyed it immensely: the spell combination system is fun, the invented language is brilliant and funny, and overall it's a great game. The follow-up (this one) is somewhat of a disappointment. In summary, it seems like the developers made a sincere effort to address some of the weaknesses of the first game, the primary one being that once you figured out the most powerful spell combinations, it was a little too easy.Unfortunately, this effort seems to have focused mainly on the kind of frustrating pseudo-difficulty that basically consists of being overwhelmed by numbers and speed of enemies. For example, I frequently died almost immediately after being resurrected by my Familar; unlike the first game, there's no period of invulnerability after resurrection. I'm sure someone will have a way around this, but it's meant as a representative example, not the sum total of my complaints. The bottom line is that if you play this game, be prepared to spend a lot more time boiling with frustration after you die without a chance to react.Pros- Better graphics- More challenging- Artifacts allow custom difficulty- Changing Arcane to Death and adding the particular related effects was a good idea- Having the Magicks in their own control bar and automatically gained as you advance is, overall, better than the first gameCons- Shields over-nerfed. The problem is you spend an inordinate amount of time running around just trying to get position so you can fight back. Enemies are as fast as you and are often either unaffected by or can block Frost slowing effects. Some people might like this, but I just found it aggravating.- Controls changed; takes quite a bit of getting used to and I don't see the benefit. In particular, making the center mouse button involved in both self-cast and AoE cast causes an awful lot of inadvertent self-casting of harmful spells.- Doesn't seem like as much effort was put into the language in this one, which was a big part of my enjoyment of the first one.- Not enough levels in the Adventure; even with all the difficulties mentioned, I finished the game in 12 hours, and to be honest even the customizability doesn't make me want to play the same levels again.Overall, it's a decent game on its own, and I think it's going in the right direction in terms of addressing the issues mentioned. But the fun / challenge balance needs to be fine tuned and it needs to be longer."
,Recommended,238370,18314955,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Albus Dumbledore,I am absolute delighted for this game :D just buy it and play with friends
,Recommended,238370,16515887,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,ToNFa117 (SSK),Awesome game! Really fun co-op!
76561198111772196,Recommended,238370,16760113,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Mr. Honey,"Overall the game is good, when you get 2 or more friends play with you, you must enjoy the friendly fire system! This game is the must play in this year! Cheers!! GGWP"
,Not Recommended,238370,16021777,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,The Dean of Clown Academy,Just buy the first game
76561198022324590,Not Recommended,238370,16022976,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,TheMellowFellow,"They took the Wizard Wars game mechanics, allowed 2 more elements per combo, made a new campaign and left the rest as is.You can't combine elements such as fire and water to make the steam element, however, you can still make steam. This is true for ice as well. This removes a great deal of the combination possibilities from the first game.Furthermore, the changes to how arcane (now death) and life interacts with lightning has removed the, IMO, cool shock beams.SUMMARY:If you, like me, hated the changes made to the Magicka series in Wizard Wars, stay far away from this game.If you found the changes to be superior, buy this, since this is Wizard Wars in single player mode."
,Not Recommended,238370,16038251,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,¬¬,"2 days after release - still no possible way to play the game online.DO NOT PURCHASE until serious bug fixes have been made to this game. If I bought a retail copy of this game from a retailer I'd at least be able to return it due to completely hampered functionality, yet as its Steam, companies can get away with this kind of false advertising and complete lack of preparation before releasing a game."
76561197971636604,Recommended,238370,16040986,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Jepu,SPRENDRR!!
,Not Recommended,238370,16069657,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Kiwi,"if you like wizard wars and hate the smooth control scheme and effectiveness and fun of magicka 1, buy this. But if you arent a fan of unfaithful reboots of games using recycled engines from a less then savory spin-off, by all means avoid this game and go back to magicka 1.ill remove or change this review if the devs decide to care about the fans, but im assuming a major control and engine reboot *cough* water and fire in spellbar becomes steam and water and ice becomes an ice element*cough*; until that point ill probably play the story with the sad realization that what used to be my favorite game is now a bitter reminder of what could have been.It somehow tragically reminds me of Banjo Kazooie but with a shorter wait for the nuts and bolts to roll in, if not wait forever for duke nukem forever to have it fall on its face as what could have been..."
76561198039714730,Not Recommended,238370,16079919,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Cyka Blyatman,Both me and my friends who bought this is dissapointed. Its hard to put the finger on it but the game was dumbed down for some reason.There is ( i don't know how to explain it) a diffrent feeling about this game compared to magica 1. I prefer the first one over this one.The jokes are still as funny as ever but yeah i think i made my point even if it lacks anyform of evidence to back it up. ^^I do not recommend this game to the people who played the first one.
76561197976733361,Not Recommended,238370,16091945,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Boto,"Not long enough, not as fun as the first. Solo, it's hard as balls. With any number of team mates is a pushover. Just spam lasers all day and you win."
76561198007364947,Recommended,238370,16092477,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Shadowbane,Good Ol' Magicka
,Not Recommended,238370,16096848,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Jonkku,"It's a sequel, not another expansion. On top it's also by an entirely different development studio than the first, and by the third (fourth if you count the mobile game) studio to work on the series. Therefore it obviously plays differently in many ways past the basic concept, compared to any previous iteration in the series.However, one thing it has done the same so far as the first game, is the rocky start, seemingly completely void of any practical thought or testing put into some parts during development.For example, when you start the game for the first time, it starts in 1280x720, and puts you right into the prologue/tutorial chapter. Wouldn't be a big issue, if the options menu wasn't only available from the main menu of the game. Supposedly (can't confirm as I did the prologue as it was), exiting the game into main menu before completing the tutorial also locks you out of the main game, and requires editing config files or reinstalling the game, to have the game run for the ""first time"" again.On launch the game was also missing all forms of control settings. As of right now it's only added in the form of including keybindings in the config file to edit. The hastily written guide on how to edit it is missing a lot of details, and has some info plain wrong.Magicka 2 keeps in various balance changes and limitations made for the PvP spin-off Wizard Wars, which were sensible for a PvP-only game, but hardly so for a regular PvE game. Especially in a series where the draw came from the freedom of doing anything and everything exactly as fast and accurately as you could hit your keyboard keys. There'sa post in the community discussionswhich explains a lot better than I can, how the game was simplified and rebalanced compared to 1The newly introduced cooldown system makes the selection of various staves you acquire during the game rather useless. In chapter 2 you find the Jester staff, which majorly reduces magick cooldowns. Additionally it increases the effectiveness of the shield element, used for both crucial survivability as shields and resistances, and damage, in the form of mines and elemental walls.The game is very much designed around multiplayer, and when playing solo, not only will it be brutal at parts, you will straight up miss on content, as there are some secrets that require multiple people to open. Fortunately the game does seem to point these out when found, so you don't waste your time trying for too long.In all, it takes getting used to, if coming from the first game, butit's not unplayable. However right now I'd still recommend waiting for the upcoming patches being put out based on community feedback. Then look again."
,Recommended,238370,16146664,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,bhsgoclub,"Its a lot of fun with friends, Mage death sim part two"
76561198101566496,Recommended,238370,16258651,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,omirmo,i cant enter the game i had a update and i cant to conect steam in the game plz help me?!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,238370,18293627,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,SHADOW,hey anyone help me how can i join public match i cant find them
,Recommended,238370,18319048,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,MasterKing,Good!!!
76561198044892300,Recommended,238370,18325225,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Senpai Fin,LOVE IT!
76561197992772401,Recommended,238370,19768635,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,vindicatethis,10/10 would molest training dummy again...
,Not Recommended,238370,16017714,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Big Blank,1/ Have to make an account to be able to play online.2/ Can't customize commands.3/ Too much trophies.-9/10.
,Recommended,238370,16022084,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Italian Mobster,"I will start right off the by saying this is not like the original Magicka. Some things have changed but there not as bad as most of these reviews make them out to be. I hate to see so much hate on this game just because its not like the original.I consider it to be just as fun as the original, but this one is much harder they have increased the difficulty alot! There are alot more enemy types in this game compared to the first so using the right spell combo is a must. You cant just spam a spell thinking your going to win. There is more strategy involved this time.So if your looking for the same Magicka this game is not it. This game is harder and more strategic than the original.Here are some of the changed mechanics-You can move while casing a spells-shields deteriorate over time-You cant setup magic elements when air born-Enemies have more abilities and are harder to deal with (Solo)-added quick spell bar so casting magic is easy (which i find breaks the main mechanic of the game and should have the option to be turned off!)-all Spells have cool downs which i find to be unfair in some cases, they need to be reajusted time wise.Its still the same Magicka i played for 70+Hrs,but it much harder. So if you enjoyed the original then i can recommend this sequel. You just might feel disappointed that paradox interactive messed with perfectly good mechanics and tailored them to better suit a gamepad. which i find to be a major flaw!"
,Recommended,238370,16025059,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,็ Captain Studd,"Hey Guys, They have changed alot for this game. Some good, some bad.The movement takes some getting used too,I've only played for 2.4 hours and I'm enjoying it. But I am play Local Co op with 2 buddies.The fact that his has Local Co op is the reason I bought it. online was waay too buggy for me with Magicka 1.Controllers take some getting used too.This game has the faults but its still really fun to play with 3 friends.I would recommend it to people looking for some fun local coop, and its quite cheap. 15 dallaz aint that much dawg and I'm from South Africa"
,Recommended,238370,16127195,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Latté,"The spell-crafting system in Magicka 2 is, In my opinion, better than any magic system you'll find in another game.  It just takes a lot of time and effort to understand, and some serious finger dexterity to use effectively."
76561198130384468,Recommended,238370,16236846,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Scholron,"Magicka 2 is an amazing game and I would reccomend that you should definently play it despite what people aare saying about the game in rlation to it being 'worse' than the previous magicka, sure its more balanced but it is also still a great game."
76561198028130738,Recommended,238370,16361416,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,joanito01,A really big diffrence than 4 years ago. I love it <3
76561198027904750,Not Recommended,238370,16491110,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,TheAnonymousOne,"Having played through most of the main story and several challenges, I am sad to say I cannot recommend this game to anyone due to the following issues.First and foremost, framedrop and unresponsive controls during more intense battles. This computer can run three copies of Crysis on maximum settings with enough left over to compute the next greatest prime number, and yet Magicka 2's battles occasionally drop it below 20 FPS. It is poorly optimized and in intense fights this is fatal.Second, poorly programmed Revivals. I've been game over'd five times now by the 'helpful' AI familiar deciding to respawn me over a cliff or a bottomless lake, or in the center of an angry mob of pitchfork wielding townsfolk. It renders the game absurdly difficult at best in singleplayer, and at worst impossible to beat.Third, the loss of combined elements and the reduction in spells. Magicka 1 had dozens of Spells and combinations of elemental attacks. Magicka 2 does away with all that pointless frippery and instead hamstrings the formerly enjoyable and intuitive system. No more Ice or Steam elements, just Fire+Water and Cold+Water. The Shield element is also now effectively useless, as its barriers last five seconds at best and do nothing to block physical damage.Fourth, the keys. This game requires a middle mouse button. Would you like to reassign your keys? Too bad. There is NO keybindings menu. Period.I could go on, but the gist of it is, Magicka 2 does not feel like a PC game, or even a Magicka game. Magicka 2 feels like a Tablet port. A BAD Tablet port. It has fewer features and far less content than Magicka 1, a worse interface, fewer options and all around is plain inferior. Just go buy Magicka 1 and have fun gibbing your friends, avoid paying $15 for a poorly-made cash in."
,Recommended,238370,16656646,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Metternich,"For $15.00, this game is great. it's very different than magicka, but it's not really worse or better. $15.00 is reasonable for this game, but i'd advise picking it up for 10."
76561198055631859,Recommended,238370,16665101,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,UpgradeToWindows10,Test your friendship. Break it. Reforge it.
,Recommended,238370,16821044,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Nis,"Not as good as Magicka. The original. BUT VERY GOOD on it's own. More like wizard wars, the end is VERY gripping."
,Recommended,238370,18308870,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Heekko,I love to spam random buttons and accidentally kill myself 10/10
76561197966990192,Not Recommended,238370,16016682,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Blunts,"Its like a dumbed down half finished version of magicka 1, If you own the first 1 play it instead, if not buy it instead, really disappointed as paradox tends to release awesome games"
,Recommended,238370,16045068,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Lyle,"I got this game expecting it to be terrible, but I was pleasantly surprised.One of the things that worried me the most was that they were changing the magick system; I thought that because magicks are so critical to gameplay, having a cooldown or being limited in the number of magicks would change everything too much, but you actually have all magicks available at once, the hotbar is only there to aid in quickcasting certain things, this way you can cast resurrection while wet etc.  Secondly, the cooldown is actually very low, especially if you do the magick the old fashioned way.  The hotbar cooldowns are independent of the normal input cooldown, so you can use the two in tandem to let off magicks really quickly.  I understand how the cooldowns can be seen as a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ but keep in mind that you get very powerful magicks from the start, so if you could spam like you could in Magicka 1, the game would be too easy.Another thing that can be upsetting is the fact that steam and ice are not separate elements anymore, but this is honestly for the better, as the old steam-and-lightning-ray from the original Magicka made the game way too easy.  In Magicka 2 you actually have to be adaptive in how you play and use different spells to take down different enemies.As a result, the game is much harder than the first, but I think this is honestly a good thing.  They send more varied enemies at you so you have to selectively shield yourself from different elements and you absolutely have to make use of your ability to walk an cast at the same time in order to survive.The new system of robes and staves is also good because there aren't any overpowered robes like the cyber robe from the first game.I actually think that despite some of my favorite things being missing, this game is actually better than the first one.  The tagline ""Learn to Spell, Again"" is very accurate, as this game plays completely different from the first.  One of my only complaints with the game is the number of meme jokes they put in the game.  They retained their good comedy from the first one, but they added way too many pop-culture references in between."
,Recommended,238370,16045144,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Fandorex,"It isn't as good as I hoped, but it is still a really fun game."
,Recommended,238370,16122391,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Cino,It is good
76561197976926083,Recommended,238370,17017773,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Robbiez,The game is still fun it has its differences from Magicka 1. What got me the most was the keybindings were so different and the you can move while casting. They added an update so you can change your keybinds so thats not a problem anymore and now I am starting to master moving while casting so its pretty fun.One things I miss is you cant combine some spells like you use too but thats not to terrible i.e. fire and water turn to a single steam icon which is not the case anymore. However all the elements are still there. Overall I love this game and would recommend.Its not as easy as it use to be you have to stay on the move all the time :D
,Recommended,238370,16021934,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,pickle rick,"I don't get why people are hating on Magicka 2, just because it is not the same as its predecessor. I do not know much about Magicka, but still I was hyped for Magicka 2 and I must say it lived up to the hype. The game is funny and the story is brilliant. It connects the story of the first game and also a bit about wizard wars. I definitely reccomend it."
,Not Recommended,238370,16025069,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Klarxi,"First problem, the main game is four and a half hours long for the whole campaign.Second problem, Magic is simplified to an absolutely monkey degree, spells have cooldown, some of the best combos have been removed entirerly (where are my safe mines?) The Combo magics seem REALLY limited and tame compared to the first game where you could call down an ungoddly hell storm for a full five minutes by spamming meteor, where as in two you can drop a dragon blast every few seconds regardless of how fast you combo your spells.Main issue? The game is simple, and seems a helluva lot less volitle than the first game. Features and spells have been stripped down to what feels like an alpha build of the first game rather than a sequel I could not be the only one expecting to go above, beyond, over, around and through the original in terms of helarity and reduculesness.Oh, and the jokes seem really REALLY forced in this one aswell. Try again paradox, only this time add to the first game, not take away from it. Try adding new elements to play with, you gave us a cut scene full of what lok and supposedly summon, give us some of those. Add more spells so that you have a legitimate book full to read, and for the love of god remove cooldowns.Easy? no. What we expected? Yes. I cant be the only one"
,Recommended,238370,16039984,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Devilzachxgod,So i have to change my review for magicka 2 the new update didnt fix anting for me at all
,Recommended,238370,16047337,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Ertictus,"Very good game. The spell combinations are very lackluster compared to magicka 1 but this forces you to try out all the combinations instead of the usual 7 key steam, arcane, water beam from magicka 1. Very challenging and great for the completionist with it's unlocks system."
76561198064631488,Not Recommended,238370,16058584,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Gangalf,"I have to make a bad review of this game unfortunately... I loved magicka (original) and that's why I bought this game since it came out but this game is really different from the original in bad terms.  You cant play this game in solo it is too difficult cause you will continue dying and dying.  I didnt want to put a bad review on this game but seriously why the heck do you have to respawn in the battle where all the enemies are ! and why is the teleport not like in the original ? why did you have to change that, you cant decide where you want to go with the tp.  You will keep going in the fight when you are low health and keep dying..."
,Not Recommended,238370,16064817,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,DaRealFreak,"Since I was a huge fan of Magicka, I instantly bought the game on steam as soon as it got released.Well the game freezes whenever I start it, even after I deactivated Bitdefender, since Bitdefender seemed to be block it.I can't even play the game yet and the other reviews aren't this positive either.Started the game in a VM with a cloned system and it still freezes on both systems(Win 8.1 Pro x64 and Win 10) on startup.I'll wait a few more weeks until I'll try to play it again, since it's currently unplayable ... literally"
,Recommended,238370,16159741,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Daine Gerzone,"I know a lot of people are losing their minds over the switch from Magicka's movement controls to the Wizard Wars style movement, but I'm enjoying the game. The story is still Magicka and the game plays as such. Chaos reigns supreme as always, and it's a joy to murder your friends repeatedly. If anything, the move-while-you-cast controls make things MORE chaotic because my friends are idiots.But, I have two complaints:1. No key rebinds.2. You can't toggle move-while-you-cast off. I know a ton of people want that, and honestly I don't see why it's *not* an option."
76561198208947985,Recommended,238370,25354505,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,cojojo4,This game is alot of fun. Great for single player or co-op.
76561198243010852,Recommended,238370,25339046,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Joshie Boi,really cool and fun game I loved it. but I was kinda sad the the campaign was so short
76561197995121911,Recommended,238370,16101077,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,X_Soldier,"I find this game to be great to play with my GF on the couch. Would be great with roommates too, or friends when they come over (albeit you would need to be patient with them while they learn the spells).It is fun figuring out the spell combos and how to get past some parts. This game is a puzzle game of sorts in that some strategies work well in some places, but not others.Would rate 8.5/10. Coop camera and character control could be improved (PC). Would buy again."
,Not Recommended,238370,16013296,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,kym,"Well, that was a complete disappointment. I love Magicka 1, played it for nearly 100 hours and earned over 90% of the achievements. Ever since it was announced I was really looking forward to a suitable successor to this great game so naturally I pre-ordered it. Bad idea.Some weeks ago when we were able to try out the first level I was shocked. The gameplay felt rough, the graphics worse than in the first game, the level design sloppy and the overall experience highly unsatisfying. I hoped it would get better with the full release of the game.How wrong I was. Basically the same game as in the sneak-peak only worse. Why should I make an ADDITIONAL account for playing online? NOWHERE does it state that was necessary. (although I can't even get as far as creating one as I am one of the many people to find it unable to get any connection to the paradox servers)One of the first games I pre-ordered and I doubt I'll do that again soon. I hope steam will grant a refund seeing as that's pretty much malicious deception.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=449739162"
,Recommended,238370,16018081,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,StingrayMM20,"SUPLENDURRR, it*s NOT Magicka 1. Some people don't seem to get their heads around that. Sure, I don't get why the devs felt obliged to support gamepads, but since they did, I understand why they had to alter the controls a little. People will get used to it sooner or later. Plus, a lot of bad reviews were posted after only a brief time spent in the game (same with my review), so a whole bunch of people don't know if Magicka 2 still has something up its sleeves.Bottomline:I find it very entertaining. It's not a perfect game but still a worthy sequel that - of course - has its flaws."
,Not Recommended,238370,16460396,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Elusive,"Lots of people have been giveing this game unfair reviews, let me tell you a more accurate description.This game is fun and entirely worth buying... But its not as good as Magicka 1.As a stand alone this game would get good reviews, but most of the people who play this game got it becouse they loved number one so much, and they (and me included) found this to be a disapontment.So thats the simple truth, buy this if you wish, but Magicka one is the better option."
,Recommended,238370,16020606,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Halibard,"All these reviews saying its not like Magicka 1. No way, Its Magicka 2,It plays more like Wizard Wars than Magicka 1.TL;DRDont buy if u salty and cant learn to play as you would in Wizard Wars"
76561197983848614,Not Recommended,238370,16836068,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,daddy,Magicka one is much better than the second. Dumbed down to the point where you can just beam every enemy with a death beam and woopie you win. I don't like ANY of the changes in magicka 2.
76561197961638674,Not Recommended,238370,17373230,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,♛ telord,Game is made for console.I don't recommend this game. The devs should have put more time on it to adapt it for pc instead of rushing it just to get more sales.Spare your money on something else.
,Not Recommended,238370,16017023,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,GVO has annoying voices,Magicka 1 was better.
,Not Recommended,238370,19433416,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,MoshPete,"Not nearly as funny as the original Magicka even in coop, no feeling of power just spamming, NOT Arrowhead --> wrapped in the decent engine of Wizard Wars.Another attempt to milk a brand by the publisher and I fell for it. I hope you don't!"
,Not Recommended,238370,16021309,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Nevermore,"AoE shield is useless now! :D Yay! -,-"
,Not Recommended,238370,31534427,Posted: 3 May,all,Kazaki,"magicka 1's better, much better."
76561197994076056,Not Recommended,238370,16271723,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,spacearnaud,"The difficulty in singleplayer is frustrating and way too random.Sometimes you respawn surrounded, the teleport spell sends you in the wrong direction, and you get slaughtered, nothing you can do about it.Often, you get thrown out of the world. This prevents you from hanging on to any interesting weapon for more than 1 minute.Some enemies have weaknesses, but there isn't time to observe them when you're constantly running trying to stay alive. After getting killed 20 times by the same enemy, you'll know their weakness, but by that time it's not really fun anymore.This is nowhere near as fun as Magicka 1 was. The spells that I liked the most were severely nerfed. I can't anymore use the spell combinations that allowed me to quickly freeze large groups of enemies from a distance, because the area of effects of spells was greatly reduced, and the time to charge ""stone"" projectile spells for long range has become way to long to be useable.And frozen enemies aren't vulnerable to arcane beams anymore... they reflect it instead.Some spells have been added, lots of spells have been removed. ( steam and ice can't be combined with lightning anymore )Last but not least, there are severe bugs. In a boss fight, I got completely paralized, floating in mid-air, unable to do anything, and the boss couldn't kill me either. Only option was to quit the game."
,Not Recommended,238370,16036603,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,[VEFI] Eppela,RMB alone does nothing. gg wp
,Recommended,238370,16051371,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Russian Reality,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9FgHAmlh5O8
,Recommended,238370,16051051,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Hammy_McHammerton #rusty,this is a very awesome game i played the first one on console and it was fun this time i pre-purchased the sequel and i started playing after a few hours i made it to chapter 2 though i found it very hard because all my friends dont have this game yet so i had to play it singleplayer even though it is hard i recommend this game very funp.s. don't beleive the hate reviews some were written before the release of the actual game well i support this game and i recommend it to everyone
76561197980777913,Recommended,238370,16051403,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Berg,"Boo freakin' hoo.  So a couple combinations are gone.  The first magicka is for players with god complexes, and this one is more leveled out.  The game isn't hard to solo once you figure out that the revive spell gives you a chance to resurrect multiple times.  You can keep fighting as long as you use revive before dying twice in a row.  The cooldowns on your spells are optional, and only trigger if you use the shortcut rather than entering the entire spell combination.  The only thing they need to get worked out is a button-mapping option and I will be happy.Fun game."
,Not Recommended,238370,16036006,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,TrueWOPR,Lagged out of my single player game because steam wanted to update something else.Diablo 3 / 10
,Recommended,238370,16022908,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,ᴇᴛᴏᴍʙ,"As an aside I'm surprised this game has so many negative reviews.Honestly, Magicka 2 so far has been a great experience so far, though I am only up to the third chapter. This game continues on with the humor and chaos from the first game and even in single-player I haven't felt a death was unfair or unwarranted, even on the Hard difficulty. That said, I haven't played the hardest difficulty (Bananas) yet. That said, you will probably end up dying a lot if playing by yourself, as the enemies are tougher in this game.The only part about this game that I disliked is the fact that Steam and Ice are no longer their own elements, since the game is built on the same engine as Wizard Wars. However in my mind this is a small price to pay for a release that, so far, is no where near as riddled with bugs.While I have only unlocked a small number of them so far, the new artifacts system allows you to customise your gameplay experience. I foresee myself replaying Magicka 2 more than the first game because of this.TL;DR Magicka 2 is a great successor to an already great game. While it lacks a few things from the first game, the new additions more than make up for the losses."
,Recommended,238370,16015973,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Ex0du5,"Get rid of your crabs... Your friends, townspeople and critters (no vampires, contrary to popular belief) with whatever chaotic magickal concoction you feel like. ""Kill it with fire"" is now a very viable way of disposing of something you don't like!"
76561198014824840,Not Recommended,238370,24103622,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Reflexion,"I bought it, discovered that it required a ""Paradox Account"" in addition to the Steam Account to play online games, deleted it, and asked for a refund.I DO NOT WANT TO HAVE TO REGISTER AN ACCOUNT WITH EVERY BLOODY SOFTWARE DISTRIBUTOR ON THE PLANET IN ORDER TO PLAY GAMES!It's a hassle, it's a privacy issue, and it's completely and utterly unnecessary."
,Recommended,238370,16030795,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,W.Σ.B.,"After completing the game, I can say that I am fully satisfied with my purchase. It made me rage, it made me laugh, it made me feel powerful. I would and will play this game again. This game, in it's current state, may or may not be stepback from Magicka 1. It really all depends on your ability to learn how to play it. They say ""Learn to Spell Again"" but it's more like ""Learn to Play Again"".TL;DR: This game is like a child with an I.Q. of 400 but doesn't want to fully exploit it (maybe half of it). It's a lot of wasted potential, but there is still time to recover. Hopefully, Paradox will see that this newborn child (which at the time of this review only has 10 to 48 hours) has some problems and needs a helping hand. If you can get past the differences between this game and what you wish was in the game, you'll actually enjoy it. I know I did.Cons :I don't like the movement mechanic, but I do like that you can heal yourself while keeping a steady walking pace.The camera is locked during most battle sections and it's not even funny.I really don't like the Quick-magick bar thing at the bottom left, but that might be just me.Only one save game, you can't have multiple characters.You cannot access the options menu while in-game, only at the main menu.Pros :The story seems promising.You can finally cast while moving and keep moving. You are still slowed down by the number of elements you are currently ""holding"".The loading tips don't automatically close. This could be very good for some new players or anyone who forgets how to do something. You just have to be lucky and have that loading tip instead of another one.It's fun. And it's even more fun with friends.You can play the entire story with four friends.The developers went for something different and you aren't as overpowered as last time, which makes for a new experience, like if the magic of the land had weakened.The artifact system is great for replayability and allows for customization of your playthrough.It has a nice humour.Character customization outside of the game: your account has an ""inventory"".BEAM GWAFIXZ""This game keeps on getting better as you get better and as you progress through it. You'll learn how to use the movements properly and you'll find new combos that work in multiple situations.""You want to know why I think that? Read further, but please be aware thatSPOILERS MAY FOLLOW. IF YOU HAVE ANY INTENT ON BUYING THE GAME (which you shouldn't have just yet), PLEASE DO NOT READ REVIEW.I start the game, listen to Vlad and his ... overly exagerated accent (worst than in Magicka 1). I go through the ruins and enjoy the tutorial, walk through what used to be outside the castle and past the dummy. I'm quite happy now and I like the new graphics. The spells look good and they make you feel powerful with the new effects. I feel like my 27,99$ CAN for the Deluxe Edition were well spent.I'm at my first battle. I try my forever favorite combo (the 'Thunder Bolt' combo from Magicka 1): QFASA. I know there is a new spell system with the Quickbar thingny, but I know I haven't learned the 'Thunder Bolt' spell yet. I thus try to cast it as a beam, but to my great dismay, I find that it doesn't work as intended. The concept of opposites already existed in Magicka 1 (Earth + Lightning = NULL), but now it's even stronger. Yes,Water + Fire=Steam, butWater + Lightning=NULLas well. In my mind, I see all the combos that fly away.Skip ahead a couple of encounters with goblins and crabs, the two major enemies at this point. I liked Magicka 1 for the feeling of being overpowered it gave you. You knew you could do some massive damage, but being overwhelmed was a big problem. That's where you used the shield and the AoE spells. Now, the shield cannot be recharged. That basically removes the possibility to take in the amount of enemies and make a strategy. Your shield will run out before you can even realize your protected.Skip ahead a couple of battles again. You fight a ""miniboss"" of some kind. Even disappointed as I was, I was hyped for the battle, knowing it would be a challenge. I've had relatively no problems up to this point with the enemies, but I know it's early game, which is why it was easy. The boss is big in size and has an army of minions, ready to attack you. I try to escape their attacks to plan my moves since my AoEs doesn't do as much damage as I'd like. The camera is locked and I cannot avoid them for quite long. The map is covered in water and I'm slowed down. I die. I respawn within the circle that the minions had formed around my dead body. I die again.Fantastic! I've beaten this thing and it was kinda fun, except when I died for no reason. But wait... I haven't died for no reason, the game just glitched and I don't see the particle effects! I know that you can see if your on fire, wet or dead at the bottom left of your screen, but I don't look at that. I know the combos and elements by heart so I don't have to look back down. I see neither my attacks or current status on my character... disappointing, but it won't stop me from playing the game. I might just restart the game, but I'm lazy and I can just look at the bottom left, really.Whats this? Dialog?! And another big dude?!! Is this... Yes! A real boss battle! This guy is strong. I didn't know what to do at first so I just ran around in circles, but the guy has all sorts of tricks. And it's not just one dude, there's another! I die. Alright, I know what to do now, let's go! I'm half-way there, but I die again! I'll spare you the details of the fight, to avoid both boredom and spoilers, but I win. I have absolutely no complaints about this battle, other than the ones that affect the whole game (like the spell-casting system). It is well executed, balanced and the dialog before the battle has a nice touch of humour.After the first boss comes a puzzle. It isn't too hard to solve, but you have to fight at the same time, which is actually pretty fun. You have to time your attacks, take some chances if you want to finish it faster. The enemies aren't hard to kill a single bit, but so are you. If you ignore them, you'll simply die. They keep respawning until you complete the puzzle. This would've been a horrible decision by the level designers had the enemy not been a huge threat. It is just enough so that you can't simply plow through the puzzle.The next room p*ssed me off. It is uselessly dangerous and you will die at least once. If not, kudos to you! You will face another ""miniboss"" and a couple of monsters. Basically, your biggest weakness: a ton of monsters that aren't vulnerable to every element. I like what they went for, but I think the number of enemies you have to face at the same time while in this room is a bit over-the-top and could've been lowered.The room keeps doing and there are more enemies. Another ""miniboss"" and more enemies. You get used to it, but it just makes it more fun since you die less. There are more bits and pieces of dialog here and there and they all have some sort of humour in them. I'm pretty sure I heard ""bootyflap"" somewhere in the fake language they use.This is the end of my review. If the need be, I will expand it as I am way past this point now. This game keeps on getting better as you get better and as you progress through it. You'll learn how to use the movements properly and you'll find new combos that work in multiple situations.EDIT : Updating this review because I want the steam badge. kthxbye"
,Not Recommended,238370,23005562,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,log puppet,Actually inferior to the first game in all aspects.
,Recommended,238370,16031635,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,lil Joshu,"dAHnt ewe juant 2 bai teh gahm? .... wait.. sorry... I had to learn to spell again...Anyway, Magicka 2 is pretty much a continuation to macika1. Graphics are upped a notch, the interface is streamlined a bit, and it generally has the goodness that made me like the previous game. Further, they made it so single-player is a bit more sane with the addition of a fairy that revives you once if you die, when beforehand single-player made it obvious it was meant for multiplay.That said, there are few other series that make you feel like you're an all-powerful wizard than the Magicka series, and is a must top-down action game with it's own unique feel.If you haven't played the magicka series before, they button layout will be a far cry from what you're used to, but once you get used to it, you'll find it's that way for a reason, and it's great.If you HAVE played the magicka series before, 2 has a slightly different button control system than the previous (similar, but the differences will throw you). Definately go through the beginner levels and read the instructions to help you re-adapt. Yes, they're different, but they're better."
76561198051443811,Recommended,238370,32862963,Posted: 27 June,all,DefinitelyNotCat,I just want stickers
,Recommended,238370,16037374,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Bear,"Initially people were dissapointed about the changes they made from the first game. The negative reviews from back then is why I think the game still has ""mixed"" reviews. But since Paradox is awesome they undid the changes and have been improving the game! They even added a new element!It's a bit more balanced and refined than the first game and therefore provides more of a challenge."
76561198057074745,Recommended,238370,16052650,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,CurrantBerries,"it feels a bit less chaotic than the first one to me, but good game nonetheless."
,Recommended,238370,16051014,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,catfoo,VERY GOOD GAMES WITH FRIENDS.BUT NEED MORE SKILL TREE OR STATS TO UPGRADE OR BUILD WOULD BE GREAT.8/10
,Recommended,238370,16062357,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Trombowen,"There are a lot of people saying that, ""this game is bad, Magicka is better"". To be honest, I'm glad with the changes that have happened. I honestly expected a new element or something a long those lines, but it is still very enjoyable. One of the main points of dislike is that you can't do the same exact spells than in Magicka. They aren't going to release an exact copy of a game, and they needed to balance out the spells because you could use one spell throughout the entire story in Magicka. I wish that they would have had more spells but what's done is done. It's a very fun game, especially with friends. I completely recommend it."
,Not Recommended,238370,16105889,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,The Honkmother,"If this is your first entrance into the franchise then I doubt you will be as disapointed as myself and many other fans of the series are of this addition. It is not a bad game by any means, but it is certainly not a sequel which does justice to the original. It has taken everything great about the original and just made it a little bit worse in almost all areas, which as a whole makes the game just seem like a bland cash in.So youre probably asking what made the original so special? Magicka was a combination of a very innovative spellcasting system mixed with a very funny referential adventure spanning a mystical world. The combat can be broken into two systems; Spells and Magicks. Spells are what you get by combining up to 5 of 8 different elements; for example Fire and Water makes steam, while Fire Water and Arcane makes a beam imbued with steam. Earth and Fire creates a flaming rock projectile that explodes in a raging inferno. Perhaps you need a patch up? Drop an Earth and Life boulder on your head to heal yourself. Magicks are what we would traditionally think of as spells, they are things you unlock in the game to cast incredibly powerful spells with unique effects. Arcane Lightning and Fire will allow you to run incredibly quickly. Cold and Shield allows you to slow down time to a crawl, giving you the ability to weave around incoming projectiles. The fun comes from how many combinations of Magicks and Spells there are. The original had over 20 unique magicks, ranging from creating a wall of fire to summoning death himself to kill your enemies. Spells could technically hold up to 10 elements when you factored in Fire and Water combining to fill a single slot out of your 5. This allowed for amazing spell combinations such as the fabled Steam-Steam-Arcane-Lightning-Lightning spell. It was incredibly powerful because you could shoot someone with steam thereby wetting them and making them more vulnerable to lightning all in one spell. Normally you would need to cast water, and then cast a lightning spell afterwards. It was overpowered in the base game, but DLC addons created enemies which were literally immune to this spell and created the need for ever adjusting to the resistances of new enemies. Magicka 2 removed all of the fun from both of these systems. There are something like 10 magicks in the entire game, only one of which is very exciting; a spelled called dragons breath which you get in the second level and is so strong you will use it for the entire game. The rest of the spells are bland; a stone that heals in an aoe, a speed spell from original, the ability to summon a few enemies, and a few others which i never used besides the first time i tried them because they were so uninteresting. The original game gave you ability to go invisible and then charm enemies to fight for you. This game also removed the ability for elements to combine, an attempt to remove some of the clunkyness from the original. So yes, you no longer get the overpowered beams of before, but they were only overpowered because of poor balancing in the base game. The DLC's proved that proper balancing made overpower spells impossible.Somebody else below stated it perfectly, Magicka 1 would have made a fantastic sequel to this game, but instead we are left with something which feels like a large step backwards in the franchise. I could go on for ages about how much worse this game is than the original, but if you haven't played Magicka 1 then none of these points will matter. Just play the first game, it is a cheaper and better experience. Then if you want more Magicka play the DLC as they are all fantastic experiences. Only after that should you play this game, and even then I wouldn't recommend purchasing it unless it is on sale for $5-$10."
76561198046479844,Recommended,238370,16034232,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Seraphin,"Having so much fun with this!!!! There's plenty of humor and i'm having plenty of fun finding all the different spell combinations and facepalming at the story. As to the fact the spells have been nerfed, i'm ok with that. I'm finding it more of a challenge! Oh, and Vlad is NOT A Vampire!"
,Recommended,238370,17187751,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,I am the Real Justin,"Magicka 2 gives me very mixed feelings. I love the new maps, new monsters and what not. But what really gets to me is how hard it has gotten to play. By that i mean, there are so many less spells i can cast. They're all the same just with different elements, unlike in magicka one where there were very flexible spells. I also am confused as to why when I cast water and Ice they don't merge, or when i put fire and water. It takes up more space and i can't cast as effectively(or powerfully)"
,Recommended,238370,16045438,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Level 5 virus,"Magicka 2 is a great add on to the Magicka series. It annoys me that so many people are♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off cause a few things are different from the first one.It felt just like the first one. A few seconds in I was laughing my♥♥♥♥♥off as my friend and I cast tons of new and silly spells, finding out tons of ways to combine spells in combat. Or ways we could just kill each otherThe added tons of great things. Like the new hotbar for easy spell casting, buffing up swords so you can actually use them in fights, and tons of cool secrets/puzzles. Plus there is the challenge mode with added new settings for it.The only thing for me, cause I love to get the most out of my buy, is the story is only 6-7 hours long. A good price for 15$, but it did feel a bit fast.Seriously though, please try out this game if you are thinking about getting it, it is worth every cent. The only bad thing about this is all the salty people who can't learn how to have fun and adapt  to a new play style."
,Recommended,238370,16034374,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Unreasonable,"Doesn't have rebind-able controlsIf you're left handed, beware"
,Recommended,238370,16022627,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,=(eGO)=™ MIB2,"This game is what Sanctum 2 was to Sanctum 1.I, for one, welcome the fact that the complicated and interesting spellcasting system is gone.The game feels more relaxed now, no more of that ecstatic feeling of absolute power, the power rivaling that of ancient gods, all at your fingertips. Who needs that anyway? Who needs fluid and visceral combat when you can have quick magicka slots?The only downside is that this time around, the game runs more or less stable. But, if you're not dissuaded by this little thing, I suggest you go and buy it right now."
,Not Recommended,238370,19436848,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Sir Galahad,"If you like the first Magicka, you'll wanna cry when you play this game."
,Not Recommended,238370,22443779,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,TheAncientMethuzelah,I'm sorry but this game just felt like a waste of money to me.It wasn't bad but i felt it was just Lacking something. i can't put my finger on it but playing just did not feel right ( not in a good way either)it was just worse then expected.Also the Dlc just didn't work for me.
,Recommended,238370,28313833,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,FlyWheenRunner,"+ awesome mechanics, fun campaign and story.+ Good for casual plays with friends and for solo or team challenges.- No matchmaking, so you won't meet new people there.- If you're not a completionist, base game is fairly short, so consider DLCs integral part of the game."
76561198044218149,Recommended,238370,31427047,Posted: 28 April,all,MrSpanky,"The good: Fun in local co-op.Nice colorful visuals.The bad: Requires another account just to see some character stats.The frustrating: friendly fire quickly turns from a developer marketed ""feature"" to a confusing cluster♥♥♥♥ of rage."
,Recommended,238370,16109230,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Mr. Poopy Butt Hole,I enjoy this game even though I played Magicka. It is a great game no matter what people say.
,Not Recommended,238370,16021663,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Gunner405,"I feel so cheated, The controls for the original game were great, what i hate is that they would make magika a CONSOLE GAME. That ruined the control scheme for the pc players, those who really wanted this game! Now i want 2 things, either my money back, or at LEAST some rebindable controlls, i was so happy to hear a sequel was coming out. And then i buy it to get..... this?"
76561198044150741,Recommended,238370,16021011,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Fox,"I'll start with the genuine gripes: No rebindable keys is a bummer, as is the separate account (although it's not a separate program, like uPlay), and the mouse movement copying Wizard Wars rather than the original Magicka is pretty lame. At least they could allow an option to turn that off.This is one of those games that works better with a controller. It sucks they didn't give more love to the KB/M crowd. With a controller, everything clicks. The movement and casting is great. The spells come up quickly. The hot bar is easily accessed. That's how I've been playing and that's how I recommend you play. If that's not an option for you, by preference or not having a controller, I'm not sure what to say. Email Paradox and ask for better mouse support is the best I can do. :/They've definitely changed the spell system around, and yes, it does more closely resemble the MOBA version rather than the original, but I've liked the changes. The thing that killed the original for me was that there was one spell (steamx2, lightningx2, arcane) that would pretty much kill anything immediately. As long as you were using the right shield for the situation, you were golden with just that one thing. And that's BORING! In the first couple of chapters, I've been forced to experiment with several kinds of spells with each enemy, searching for their weaknesses. It's far more interesting to be required to know your enemy and react accordingly than to just mindlessly spam a single spell. Several of the negative reviews I read suggested that some enemies are practically invulnerable. And they are...except for their weakness. The same enemy you can blast fire-arcane beams at all day while they laugh and pick their teeth might go down immediately when hit with an AoE water attack. Experiment not only with element combinations, but types of casting. There's something that'll take whatever enemy is giving you trouble down.The spell system is not as ridiculously deep as before, since several elements don't combine in the same way, but I don't really miss it. Having a huge array of spells I never use since the steam-lightning-arcane beam will kill everything is inferior to having fewer combinations but the need for all of them. I have fewer spells to use, but I'm actually using more kinds of spells than before. I'm forced to adapt to my enemies, and that's a good change--something I really wanted to see, actually.Speaking of spamming, I miss it too. Nothing like a few quick ice-arcane-rock balls to ruin any enemy's day. It's impossible to spam most spells, and that's not great. It's compensated for by allowing movement while casting and spells generally lasting longer than in the original.You'll probably have other gripes as you play, and I'm not going to give the asinine ""It's only $15! What did you expect?"" excuse. I imagine you expected to get a functional game as free of bugs and frustration as possible. And that's...mostly what you'll find here. They will patch out as many of the problems as they can (and agree are actually problems), but even on the first evening of release, it worked near flawlessly for me in single player.I say ""Go for it!"". If it's on sale and anything about it sounds appealing, snap it up. For every frustration or bug there will be 20 moments you'll be smiling. :D"
,Recommended,238370,16059525,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Traktor Skare,"Great with a gamepad, not so much with mouse and keyboard.Funny like the last one, with references, silly writing and fake swedish.A bunch of stuff to unlock, like weapons, robes, robe colours, staves and spells.Spells are less tedious to cast than in the first game thanks to the quickbar.A lot of the overpowered combinations from the last game like the steam and lightning beam have been nerfed/removed.Singleplayer is no longer horrible thanks to a tiny thingjig that follows you around and resurrects you if you die. Once. Unless you resurrect it back.Overall it's good. Unless you don't have a gamepad. Then it's not very good."
76561198000465080,Recommended,238370,16069261,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Frodo,"I have seen many people whining about the spell system being dumbed down which is simply not the case. the spell system was slightly rebalanced to force everyone to use something besides the steam lightning beam.personally I think this game was excellent and certainly a worthy sequel to the first. the humor remained completely intact, the gameplay was still fun, and the story was just cliched enough that you could tell it was intended to be a parody. I will certainly keep this game around and play it for quite some time to come."
76561198004877800,Not Recommended,238370,16080167,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,i80r,"A sad story of a ragequitting gamer...Ihave gone through several emotional stages by spending my time with that horrendous creation. First, I got really angry about simplified mechanics, devious controls and so on and so on... You can read everything about it here, in the negative comment section. But that was only the top of the iceberg.Then, I got used to it and found this game playable and even somehow enjoyable. Indeed, it has its own charm, nice story and good part of humor. So I continued playing it... until...Until I met the last boss. That's where everything started. I should admit that I am not a pro gamer but a game on normal difficulty should be playable for such gaming handicapped people as me. At least after several tries. Am I right? Not to spoiler but the problem was not in me dying every time but me stuck in an infinite loop of failing same algorithm to beat that boss. I failed mostly because the game is simply unforgiving for players in a singleplayer mode. Are you standing in a wrong place? Start everything all over again, honey. Timed badly and casted spell a bit late? Well, that's you problem, sweetheart, repeat everything. And like that over and over and over again for whole damn hour. Maybe two. Of course I ragequit. After my anger-pressure-o-meter showed stable values I decided to try my luck in a multiplayer. Good god, a team of four wizzards won after 30 minutes of mad button smashing.You may think that the story ends here? Guess what, you are wrong. To unlock nearly half of stuff in this game you have to pass it at higher difficulties and complete challenges. So relentless me decided to try out one of the challenges. First one, I forgot to mention for those of you who completed it and now laughing your bums off while reading this review which precipitously becomes a tragic story. It was hard. It is still hard because I didn't manage to pass it. For several hours I was trying different tactics to get to final stage 20 through colossal waves of enemies of every type. And I was not prepared to see what I did saw.Karog from Hel. An enormously big devil-like-A-hole with gigantic reaching everywhere hammer which resists fire and death damage and, furthermore,  quickly heals. Three of them, to be exact. And some firethrowing dudes from hell, just to be sure that I leave this ragging comment here. Well, I resisted them with fire shield for quite a time but I made a terrible unforgiving mistake and fire damage shield did not save me from several tons of hammer steel landing right on my head. I hoped that I could still win it by resurrecting myself and getting back into battle. But the game had opposite opinion. 'Let's spawn him right in that fiery crowd with flamethrowers and massive hammers, because losing is FUN©' that's what it thought. And me, fully unprepared, got literally burned to a crisp, smashed down and god now what else in a split second with even not a chance of casting resurrection spell. And I sat there. And I gazed at the screen with my empty eyes. And the letters on the screen carved deeply into my heart: ""Repeat? Round 1 of 20"".TL:DRFor those of you, folks, who doesn't like reading: Save your nerves. Go and buy Dark Souls."
,Recommended,238370,16092482,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Febreze,"I had initial doubts, since I played the Magicka 2 Prerelease. A lot about the spell system has changed - which I viewed as a bad thing (since it wasn't the same as Magicka 1). However, if you learn to overlook that it's a different game, it gets quite fun. It's a tonne more challenging than Magicka 1, and this game left me needing breaks from the levels, even when I had 3 other people with me. But, I like the challenge.It also encourages you to use more creative spells than Magicka 1, such as more earth spells (which was largely overlooked in the previous game). I found myself using a 4x fire ward (in order to gain health from fire) and then rapidly doing fire+earth and casting it on myself. This way I just made flaming rocks fall near me to kill my enemies.I very much recommend this game. It is definitely worth 15 dollars. It's also way less buggy than Magicka 1, and feels more refined. Though... I still like Magicka 1 more.Thumbs up from me!EDIT:I recommend this a lot more now that a lot of Magicka 1's features were added in. And at $6? This is a steal. Very highly recommend."
,Not Recommended,238370,16049704,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Ephemerism,"I rather enjoyed the first Magicka game and when I heard that a Magicka 2 was in the works, I was pretty excited!Upon release, I was both satisfied and disappointed by the game:Pros:+ Many more Easter eggs+ Updated visual effects*+ Artifact system allows for customizable gameplay+ Can still kill fellow wizards+ Balanced around multi-player - no longer ridiculously easy with more than one player* while the particles effects on the spells are updated, there are only minute differences in character modelsCons:- Focus system takes away some of the gimmick in knowing and applying spell combinations to cast Magicks- Unbelievably short story-mode- Inability to merge elements (e.g. fire and water into steam) into a single element- Balanced around multi-player - difficult to play alone- Player control feels clunky- Conjuring spells are not very responsive, although it is more responsive than it was in the first MagickaOverall, while I enjoyed the game, I wouldn't recommend this game over its elder brother. While future DLC may help this skeleton of a game, I had hoped that the game itself would have had a little more flesh to it."
76561198108774175,Recommended,238370,16107531,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,jackulua,"Don't listen to the people who say it's ""Too easy"" or that there's ""not enough content."" There are difficulty settings, UNLIKE the first magicka, which allow for more advanced customization of play, and as for content, Magicka had tons of DLC, whereas Magicka 2 just came out, and hasn't yet had the opportunity to add more content. It's a great game, with tons of replayability and hidden treats, and is definitely worth the price."
76561198215335244,Recommended,238370,17464091,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,LT Josh 91,its gooood
,Not Recommended,238370,17601764,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,ChexGuy,"Remember all of the frustrating knockbacks that would lead to instant death in the first game? Multiply them by 10. Remember how you could avoid some of those knockbacks by teleporting in mid-air or by using Earth armor? Remove the ability to teleport mid-air and remove the knockback resistance on Earth armor.Magicka 2.The humor is much flatter, with the fake language much closer to English.Various changes have been made to the element queuing system, but not for the better.The game is overall less enjoyable than the first one."
,Recommended,238370,16029421,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Rogue Scientist,"It's fun.  Read any complaints about the spell system being 'simplified' as ""blah blah blah I'm a whiny crybaby who can't stand that the one steam-lightning beam spell I used doesn't work anymore"".There are rough patches - keys can't be rebound, if playing solo the difficulty occasionally spikes, and I've had a couple games drop for no reason... but the core gameplay is more fun than the original.  I've gotten my monies worth out of it already."
,Recommended,238370,16033480,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,langotriel,"TL;DR : 8/10 - video here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T_-9-n3pNaoTranscript Below!Story:I won't spoil anything however, it's not a story designed to immerse you but, rather to act as a crutch for the bombardment of jokes squeezed in around every corner. This is not a bad thing, necessarily - much like ambitious adult entertainment, I doubt anyone is in it for the storyline but without it, the experience would feel a little lacking.Visuals:With fancy new particle effects, rounded edges and more cowbell, the graphical fidelity is significantly improved over that in Magicka 1. However, It is worth mentioning that the GUI in the menu and in-game is more intrusive and not nearly as charming. Once you get into the game, it isn't something that causes a major issue. Occasionally though, I would find myself setting off hot-keyed spells unintentionally as my mouse cursor travelled over to the icons in all the chaos. It feels as though the GUI in Magicka 2 belongs in an early developer version rather than in the final release of the game.Mechanics/Gameplay:Like in the first game, you use QWERASDF to control various elements and combine them to create powerful spells. The difference though is that Magicka 2 allows you to hotkey different unique spells to keys: 1,2,3 and 4. More buttons normally complicate gameplay but this actually makes it easier to control your more powerful spells, resulting in a lot less frustration.Throughout the game, you will encounter different creatures and most of them have weaknesses and strengths, forcing you to not use the same spells over and over. Figuring out if an enemy is too hot for its shirt or if all it takes is a little knock to the head with a rock is very rewarding and stands as one of the pinnacle selling points of the game.Where the game falls behind Magicka 1 though, is the lack of varied landscapes and creatures - sure, there is variation but it felt like I was fighting the same monsters over and over - more so than in the first game.Another thing to mention is that: there was a part in the game where my partner and I got stuck, fighting wave after wave after wave. Only after about 10 minutes did we figure out that there was a puzzle to be solved. Call me stupid but, the game hadn't really given us this kind of task before and so it is bad design to leave us to figure it out through sheer luck.Bugs:My companion and I experienced a few minor bugs, but nothing game breaking. I encountered a crash at the start of the story; however neither of us experienced any others throughout.  During the co-operative segments, my partner experienced some issues with the cut scenes freezing up, missing out on a large portion of the dialogue. All-in-all, the game is far less buggy than the first game was on release and it is just as fun and challenging.Verdict: 8/10In conclusion, the game felt repetitive during some segments; however the overall experience was enjoyable with a well-polished combat system and an entertaining narrative. It does play very similarly to the first game, with some minor design changes. I f you enjoyed the first game you should certainly enjoy Magicka 2.Overall I am giving Magicka 2 an eight out of ten.♥♥♥♥♥♥off."
,Recommended,238370,16028669,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Faliga,"Great Game!If you liked the first one, you will love this!10/10 would learn to spell again!"
,Recommended,238370,16017761,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Thighs,"The game takes five hours to beat, not a lot of playtime but what was there was definitely worthwhile.The movement system, for the first ten minutes of the game feels foreign and clunky. Post-tutorial, this feels much more natural and even a massive improvement on the original Magicka.The zany humour we've come to expect and love is still there. In fact, however short the game is, the ending and elements leading up to it are great.I'm eager to see what DLC packs Paradox will be releasing for this solid and entertaining base experience, as they would naturally influence my final 'score' or 'opinion' of the game."
,Recommended,238370,16031836,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Comburo,"I read a lot of reviews and forum posts before I bought this game, so I was aware of the most frequent complains:- No key-bindings.- Too hard in single player- No more fire/water/lightning combo's- Weird movementAfter playing the game for a while I do like it. It's a little different from Magicka 1, but not necessarily worse.First I'll cover the complaints mentioned above, than I'll add some points of my own.There is no way to rebind keys. The devs are working on that, but it's of no factor to me, so I do not have an opinion on it. It might be of concern to you. I've read about people with no middle mouse-button, or with a different keyboard layout then QWERTY.Too hard in single player? Yes, it a hard game at times. That's mostly because the super-OP spell combo from Magicka 1 doesn't work anymore. The enemies are also more diverse. They have different weaknesses and resistances and do different types of damage. You are supposed to adapt. Put up correct shields, do the right type of damage. The only hard thing I found to be was crowd-control. As long as enemies stay at a distance there's no challenge, but when they swarm you, you need to act fast. I don't feel the game is harder that Magicka 1 so far, where I was stuck at the beginning of the Yeti level for what seemed hours. Or with the druids and the treants in the stone circle. Or with the goblin/orc invasion in the ruins....So my previous point also touches on the fire/water/lightning combo. It's gone. And it made Magicka 1 easy mode, so I don't miss it. Now you actually need to think and act quickly. It's a better game for it.The weird movement was something that bothered me at first as well, but then I learned it was essential for survival.In Magicka 1 you held the left mouse-button down and you moved towards the cursor. If you let go, you'd stop. In Magicka 2 you move almost the same, but when you let go of the mouse-button your wizard still moves to the location where the cursor was when you let got of the mouse-button.In Magicka 1 you could not move and cast a spell at the same time. Now you can. Click where you want to go and cast your spells! In single-player this is essential for your survival, where you'll be kiting enemies around while trying to kill them ASAP.With the most common complaints covered what else is there to mention?There seems to be a small pause between making an element combination for one of the named spells (like dragon fire) and being able to cast it. That is kind of annoying.Also when frantically healing myself, casting ""W"" with middle mouse-button as fast as possible, it seems to game sometimes missed a key-click or mouse-click, maybe another small pause?I don't like the new ""Teleport"". I can't choose where to go. Maybe this was sacrificed to make the game console friendly? I hope the devs add a targeted teleport back in.The humor isn't as strong as in the first. I feels way more forced and there are way too many attempts to be funny. It's tiresome.Then there is the ""always online"" thing. I hate it when companies do that. I'm sure they feel it adds value for the player, but I disagree. The best they could have done is make it optional. I know they have a connection to Magicka Wars, where you can earn things in one game to use in the other game, but I don't play Magicka Wars, so why would I need to create a Paradox account? Why not use the Steam infrastructure for multiplayer games? It's all just another component that can cause problems. Point in fact: When I first started the game, a few seconds into the opening cinematic the game stopped, because it had lost connection to the Paradox servers. That's unnecessarily frustrating.Overall I'm really enjoying the game and I would recommend it. If you loved Magicka 1, all the more. Just remember it's a new game and not just a new set of levels. If you don't want something a little different than Magicka 1, simply keep playing Magcika 1."
76561198062898644,Recommended,238370,16031918,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Enormous_Rat,"Actually a very fun game and it is different enough from magicka 1 to feel like a fresh experience. The gameplay is better, at least more dynamic than in the first one, you can move while casting spells and enemies are faster wich mean you need to react faster to them. The complaints about the elements not combining (steam and ice) is childish, because you can still use ice and steam, it juste doesnt fuse, so basically it mean you need to use 2 element slot. the only difference it makes with the system in magicka 1, is the dps (if you want to hurt more play in lower difficulty, dont blame the game for balencing elements and spells in general). The game is just more balanced in general and the more important, it is a blast to play with friends :)"
76561197977731571,Recommended,238370,16028980,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Silvermane - DK,"TL;DR: They changed a number of small things, freshened up much of the rest, and it's all for the better, so far.In order to dispell some of the misinformation from the other reviewsCompared to the first:-Movement is click and go, allowing you to move while casting. You can even start a flame thrower, and then start moving. The part in the beginning of the first Magicka, where you have to stop to cast Freeze, because the first didn't cover? Now you don't have to stop. Much better. But you can hold if you want to, even if that is one of the things that annoyed me the most from the first game.-Elements don't combine on the bar, but still do when cast, you can still shotgun ice, just not ice + thunder, because the water is still there. This also means some of the combos from the old one are gone, but this freshens things up, forcing you to rethink your spells, and not go with the same old ones.-The quickcasting. Yes, some of the Magicks (Haste and random teleport), have a one click key, with a cooldown, called focus, on the 1-4 keys. But, this is only for quickcasting of that Magick. If you combine the elements, and press space, it doesn't cost focus, and it doesn't have to be on the quick cast bar either. It's simply for quick casting of some spells. They are grouped. '1' has a force blast option (You can't cast without elements any longer, sadly, this is true), but can be switched with Random Teleport. Neither of those could be put on the other quickcasting. The focus cooldown is also only if use the quickcast, instead of doing it old school style.-Staffs and robes and swords are now all selectable, instead of having to choose a set, like in the original, and they unlock as you get them in game.Edit/Also, it's an online account for online play. You can play without an account for local play, and can play without more accounts on the same computer, using different controllers.And the controls for the controller are much better than they were in the original. So much better.But no rebinding options, it seems, makes me a sad panda.Overall, I think they did a lot of good things. The bad stuff, is the story, so far, which seems like it won't be anything new, but I could be wrong. But if you want to play this with friends, in coop or pvp, it doesn't matter about the story. (To clarify, the story is new, it's not a remake, but it seems to be simply another dig at various existing tropes, which can get a little bit tiresome)"
,Recommended,238370,16018869,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Friend/Guutsu,"Suicide, Mario Party, and cancer inducing Simulator10/5 would recommend, must buy.I played with my friends all the time, and when each game session was over, I had to find new friends to play with.Thanks Volvo."
,Recommended,238370,16050871,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,🐀,You don't see many fantasy games without vampires these days.
,Recommended,238370,16030405,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Ding Dong Dinh Dawn Din,"When you glance at first, there is a big difference between Magicka and its sequel. Ice and Steam are no longer their own element. Quick bind keys for Magicks, making memorization pointless. Lightning has precedence over arcane (which is now death) meaning no lightning lasers or♥♥♥♥♥♥mines. Also, no giga ice swords. But, all of these actually made the game insanely easy. Spamming mines in a corner and teleporting with a premade sword made it quite easy. With cooldowns and comboing and proper elemental usage taking importance over strong spells, I feel like its improved a bit."
,Recommended,238370,16028190,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Aedra,"Great game...I'd say.. this is Magicka 2.  If you expect this game to be as easy with I win spell order button like the original Magicka then you should just go back and play it.With changes to spell casting and combination, as well as cast delay we have to play it more safely, plan it more effectively and die more easy :pEach monster has its own resist and weakness.  To defeat them, you need to figure it out how to...which lead to the only drawback for this game, which is a very high learning curve for new players.Learning curve check list:- Control- Unlearn the old way of spell casting in Magicka 1- Learn the new way of spell casting in Magicka 2"
,Recommended,238370,16031676,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Amen,"This is an incredibly good game.That's it, that's all that needs to be said. Don't pay attention to all those bad reviews. They haven't put enough time into the game. And it's only been a day (From the time of this review). If you played Magicka, you'll be upset on probably two things. And most likely only two things.One, is that we must all say RIP to our Beam Lightning. We shall miss you. And two, we must also say RIP to our combing spells. No more Steam or Ice. Those still exist, it's just that they wont combine into one spell when making your Magicks.But apart from those two reasons, the game is AMAZING. And then that is all.Also, it's worth exploring. You'll get nice stuff."
76561198028604512,Not Recommended,238370,22232271,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,FrostSnake,WHAT HAVE YOU DONE TO GOOD OL' MAGICKA !!!!!
,Recommended,238370,16031413,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Squidgy,"Magicka 2 has already received a lot of unwarranted vitriol, so I felt the need to right a review that puts a different spin on it.Firstly, I would like to state that I believe most of the complaints regarding this game are the result of people wearing rose-tinted nostalgia goggles, unable to accept change. As someone who played Magicka for a significant period of time with friends online and offline, I have a lot of experience with the first game.I feel Magicka 2 has actually improved upon the first game's innovation, albeit in a way many people seem to be disappointed with.So now to my actual review:Magicka 2 takes the original game's formula and adapts it to a new engine, whilst simultaneously altering it in an attempt to improve and refine the gameplay. I personally feel this has lead to an improved experience all around.To start, some of the old spell combinations and stand-alone elements have been nerfed. Numerous people are complaining about this, but I welcome it wholeheartedly. After playing the first game for a few hours, you would find that there were actually a select few element combinations, as well as magicks, that completely dominated the battlefield, rendering everything else virtually useless. The classic steam/arcane/lightning beams made quick work of everything, and God knows how ridiculously broken boulders were. This quickly made Magicka 1 a test of whether you knew the best spell combinations, rather than a test of reflex and skill.Magicka 2 has made spells far more balanced and now encourages players to utilize quick thinking in order to to take down enemies, rather than mindlessly picking the best spell combination. This has lead to a much faster game, one that feels more chaotic and a lot more difficult, but in a good way.The unfortunate drawback to this change is that spell experimentation is not as encouraged as in the first. While the first had a select few overpowered combinations, it also allowed the mixing of elements (to create steam and ice) and had a great variety of other interesting combinations that are no longer present. Shields have also been nerfed, to the point that they are really only useful for enemy magic users. These drawbacks are regrettable, but I think that the faster, more skill-oriented gameplay makes up for them.The game is also now running on the Wizard Wars engine. While I've heard numerous complains about the game feeling ""slippery"", I feel those complaints are, again, an unwillingness to adapt. The Wizard Wars engine is absolutely superior to the original Magicka in every way, allowing for greater movement capabilities. The whole game just feels more fluid and less clunky, which I think is something many people struggle to get used to.Additionally, while the game has a few bugs here and there, I did not run into nearly as many as I did early on in the first game. I don't think they detract too much to the overall experience.In addition, the challenge mode has been greatly improved, with numerous options to make your challenges more interesting.Replay of the story is also encouraged with hidden secrets, which I feel were done much more skillfully than the first game's.On top of this, the new system for equipping robes, weapons, and staves is much better, not requiring players to fight over which weapon or staff goes to who, and keeping players from losing their hard-earned equipment to a cliff or an accidental friendly-fire.Robes are much more grounded than the ridiculous, over-the-top, and sometimes over-powered robes in the first game, and while over-the-topness is encouraged in Magicka, I feel the robes in the first just got a bit too crazy. These robes all maintain a certain aesthetic, not breaking from the game's artstyle in order to be zany and fun.The most disappointing aspect about this game is the length. It feels about half as long as the original, although it is possible that my memory of the first is a bit fuzzy. I actually thought ""wait, is it over?"" at the end, and kept thinking some twist would happen to double the game's length like what happened in the first. I'm quite disappointed they didn't do more with the story, as I feel there were many, many different ideas they could have used to extend the story's length, and I truly felt like we didn't really get a whole ""story"".Overall, I think the game has made many improvements to the original, but a lack of content and encouragement of spell variety are a bit disheartening. I feel these aspects could be improved, but I would still recommend the game, if not only on some sort of sale."
76561198090367866,Recommended,238370,23902835,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,o812,This game is absolutely fantastic.
76561198125442138,Not Recommended,238370,22370303,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,({B:O:G})ChilliDawwwg,When i play the game i try to login and it types twice the letters but when i type outside of the game its regular this game really sucks if i cant even play it
,Not Recommended,238370,16016616,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Baron,"When you played the first Magicka, did you ever think ""Boy I want a sequel that's shorter, with virtually no new features whatsoever, and full of 2006 era memes that weren't funny then and induce terminal cancer now?"" If so, this game is right up your alley, and right up your anal cavity too. Please die of malignant♥♥♥♥♥tumors.ps: edman u're a pleb ok"
,Recommended,238370,16022582,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Anti-Fun,"I did not play Magicka 1 or Wizard Wars and I have to say this game is so fun I cant put it in to words. Dont let all the butthurt people complaining about how bad it is mislead you. If you are new to the series and want to try out, do so! Its a refreshing take on games with tons of references and good script writing. You`ll miss out on quite an adventure."
,Recommended,238370,16022599,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,lxgfusion,"What can i say about magicka 2, Love it, Another fine addition to the magicka series! I dont understand alot of the negative reviews really, My group had a blast with this game.  I would highly recommend it, great fun like the original magicka!"
76561197977850135,Not Recommended,238370,35034409,Posted: 17 September,all,Flandris,You have to link your steam to a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Paradox account to play co-op.
76561198066832829,Recommended,238370,16075426,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Rand Al'Thor,"A simply great game, movement can seem a bit slick at times, spells have a delay such as haste etc. But still the game looks great, the spells look great all the effect look great, to much negative for such a great game."
,Recommended,238370,16092108,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Major Pain (old),I loved the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of this game just like I loved the first one. Not sure why everyone hates this game so much. Had all of the humor the first one did and my only complaint is that the campaign was a little short.
,Recommended,238370,16100530,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,DaniellpvA,I loved this game ! babe babe
76561198096812072,Recommended,238370,16495231,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Absolute Filth,Pretty same as the original: great spell spamming game and co op experience - only with more ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ humour and references which can get tiresome. Would recommend only if you plan on playing with friends - not much fun on your own.
,Recommended,238370,16773738,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,wrin,It's like if the first Magicka and Wizard Wars had a baby. And that baby had autism.
76561198072633567,Recommended,238370,17016211,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Ghöstmågikä,Brilliantly fun game 10/10
76561197989084855,Recommended,238370,16051831,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Ṫℑᙢعᗾعℵᗫعℛ,I will punish my friend for being rude to me.And a friend for being trolled by me.And a friend for being my friend.And myself for beinga vampiredead everytime I tried to kill Vlad.Again...
,Recommended,238370,16281351,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,jimmosio,yes
,Recommended,238370,16107496,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Mister_Jingles,Good but a bit short...
,Recommended,238370,16017495,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Lil Doom Cat,"Still getting used to the move and spelling but the game is quite enjoyable so far, sucks that combos of steam or ice is lowered drastically but for the smoothness and the actual ability to play with friends without crashes so far is quite the sight."
76561198006420686,Recommended,238370,16031162,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,L-Kun,I am greatly impressed with magicka 2 actually.I see a lot of reviews that are complaining about the spells and stuff.spells and stuff are just more tactical now.you can't combine anymore now you really need to use your 5 spaces.your shields are weaker so you really need to be carefull.Also i think the quickspell for stuff like haste is really handy and if you wanna spam you still can by using the elements then there is no cooldown.Good points:-good graphics-Fun story so far-already some funny eater eggs-harder gameplaybad points:-getting used to the new spell system can take some playtime- nothing more from me actuallyscore:8/10 so far
,Recommended,238370,23443063,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Arsenic Flask,I exploded my Teammate with a rock and then revived him just to kill him again 10/10
76561198215717965,Not Recommended,238370,22902916,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Samejima ღゝ◡╹)ノ♡,Never allow other developers to do a sequel of any good game.Therе are things  worth more than money - people's love and respect.
76561198027887113,Recommended,238370,22892889,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Viatori,It's a title worthy of it's predecessor with the typical benchmark of cheesy humor and spellbinding action.
,Recommended,238370,22914412,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,|RTC| Grey,"A real challange!!!!!A game about magic, spells against goblins and other creaturesIt's pretty hard if you're playin this alone in the standard normal mode, wich mean that on hard difficulty it's almost impossibile to beat. I've played few hours on local co-op and it's still pretty difficult. I suggest that if you're going to play this on hard difficulty join a party or create one online or in local co-op, otherwise you'll be ragin' 80% of the time. Besides the challange (wich for me it's a good point for the game itself cause games nowdays tend to be too easy) it's pure fun, you can even try differnt combination between different spelssto find what fits more against the enemies we ecounter. Recommended!"
76561198049877109,Recommended,238370,23012048,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Coal,"Magicka 2 is a simple concept with a fun story, great characters. Its querky and enjoyable with refrences jokes and secrets everywhere! All kinds of cool things to find to customize your wizard. But oh no! its dangerus out there you could get killed!Dont wory! just plug in a controller and play with up to 4 freinds and have great fun, after you stop killing each other, Geez... guys theres an arena mode for that. Then once youve completed the story. Play it again. but look for secrets in places you would never have checked, then play waves or trials or challenges or get the special challenge pack dlc if you love it that much. All in all magicka 2 is everything you could hope for in a game like this. ""fun"""
76561198033058832,Recommended,238370,23419933,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Lecalat,It's a kicking simulator. (You will get kicked out of 80% of the games you join)
76561197999695604,Recommended,238370,19836833,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,niin,I have been playing it with local co-op and it is fun. I would not play it by myself though. The most joy is playing with someone else and killing them.  for fun
76561198124721376,Not Recommended,238370,23353483,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,labbruzzese,I Loved Magika … I am not so happy with Magika 2
,Recommended,238370,20046710,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Flornost,"Yeah it alright. Not as good as the original Magicka, but not a lot of games are"
76561197983745661,Recommended,238370,16064050,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Spacehouse,"Magicka 2 is Magicka 1 but with a fresher coat of paint and a tweaked engine under the hood, it may not have the charm of its predecessor, but it runs a bit better and is more responsive. Disappointingly, the game's many enemy encounters do not feel as memorable as the first. Which leads to my biggest gripe with this sequel.Where this game truly pales in comparison to its predecessor is its Soundtrack.Almost every level in Magicka 1 was accompanied by an Orchestral Masterpiece that helped make every enemy encounter FEEL like an epic Tolkien fantasy battle interspersed with images of your friends fending off hordes with a weenie on a stick and/or dying horribly.The Background Music in this game is instantly forgettable save for the few encounters where a remixed ""Dunka Dunka"" is playing from a radio ingame.The new artifact gameplay changes have definite potential, though I have not yet tried all of them, I hope the strictly cosmetic artifacts (Sitcom Audience being my favorite, where an unseen audience laughs at you when you die) wont prevent you from unlocking things.In regards to humor, this game lacks the comedic stings of the original by resorting to in large part awful old memes and Game of Thrones references. But these are easily missed and ignored.All in all Magicka 2 is an OK sequel, it isnt completely disappointing like sequels are in general, and unfortunately, the spellcasting system is not as complex as in the first, the OP spells of old are replaced by the Shield tactic of spamming rock+ice/fire/arcane while equipping a shield of the same element. There is definite room for improvement, which we may see down the line in ...*groan* DLC. Then again i had a lot of fun with Dungeons and Daemons from magicka 1 so we'll see."
76561198032878607,Recommended,238370,16069288,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,awildryan,"Les spell complexity than the first, but overall I enjoyed it."
,Recommended,238370,16086052,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,messtradiol,"At it's core, it's still Magicka. It still has the amazing spell-casting mechanic, the frantic combat complete with accidentally killing friends. There have been some changes to how a few things work, but they're fairly minor and easy to get used to. I'd say if you enjoyed the first Magicka, this one offers more of that."
76561197981646467,Recommended,238370,16427780,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,FreiXenet,"Fun game, definetely harder than the first one :)"
,Recommended,238370,17196825,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,File Pirate,Magicka is one of my obsessions I love this game.Once I had seen magicka 2 in the steam shop I had to have it.One good thing about the game they haven’t messed with the formula.Graphics are stunning. Just mega fun well worth the money I paid!Will buy more copy’s for friends for online sashing!
,Not Recommended,238370,22222881,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,THE INQUISITION,The first one was better.
76561198037108662,Recommended,238370,16091791,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,13,"this is a great gamei personaly proferd the first one as there was more of a learning cerve as you figured out more combinations naturaly and you really felt like you were leaning. but if this game had been the same i would have breezed through it at a ridiculas rate. so if you havet played the first one get the first one if you have then get it and try to be acomidating for the changes that have been made and some of them are definetly for good. (actualy the bigest con i have for this game is the limited amount of Magicks i was hopeing for more,"
,Recommended,238370,16103648,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Bakunawa,"One of the best, and most rage inducing, games I've EVER played! The story is well constructed, and the game is packed full of pop culture references that tickle the funny bone. I made it through a good 75% of the game by myself and found certain parts to be extremely aggravating because of difficulty, but when I went through it again with a buddy it was slightly easier. In fact we beat the game on Normal difficulty in about 4 1/2 hours."
,Recommended,238370,16114935,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,sUfFeRiNg,"Fantastic if you are looking for a newer, cleaner looking magicka. A lot harder and unless you feel like abusing the ability to revive to revive fairy thing, it is unplayable as a singleplayer game."
,Recommended,238370,16076206,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Grimnir,Soo worth it10 ouuttta 10 no doubtBut pls play with freindsAnd vlad is NOT a vampirehttp://www.mytripblog.org/mod/file/thumbnail.php?file_guid=17133&size=large
,Recommended,238370,16113523,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Neolog,"I would totally recommend this game - it's absolutely adorable.Maybe the first game was a bit more hardcore - without speed spells and all, but controls (especially gamepad)are much much better and well-designed in this one!A lots of fun, humor and great adventures.I'm really confused about review rating - it should be much higher. I think, most of negative reviews were left by ♥♥♥♥♥♥s, who cannot accept changes in gameplay. I don't mind - game didn't loose any of it's spirit and fun."
76561198053253547,Not Recommended,238370,16296050,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,robingeevels,Right gonna keep this Review short and just gonna say what i think from this game soo right lets begin.the good ones.cool looking game it looks realy nice  beter then the Orginel Magicka .spells are fun to but sadly same of the spells from the Orginel Magicka are not in this game .Same times the game is funny to like the orginel one .  now ... then the bad the reason i make this ReviewConsMovent Is annyoning as hell its your like the holo freaking time on a skateboard and you cant control it for♥♥♥♥♥♥.Enemys Oh god this is a bad one thought enemys are OP as crazy its not even fair you have to same time kill 15 at the same time and same of the can 2 hit you and yes the small ones hell there is even a leven where they keep spamming  and you have to surve your sorry♥♥♥♥♥throught that not freaking fair ..same times the game crashse out of no where thats realy annyoning to .soo i would say with al this problems i just cant gift it a posetief review its sad cuse i realy like magicke but this game realy need same chances first my score this game is a 4 of 10  soo ye not a recomend
76561198072556241,Recommended,238370,16417308,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,JarateMan,"this is  a vary good game but i think the magick changeing system is a bit bulky, and the melee is pritty much broken, as out of every 1000 trys it only hits one time.i will recomend it but pls devs fix the melee its vary much broken."
,Not Recommended,238370,16537877,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Zero Grim,"This game has alot of similarties to magicka 2 but the one thing that got changed alot it seems is the engine, this is not an indepth review just a few quick points i found negative with the game.The game has rebalanced itself for multiplayer, while this was a problem in the original see below.Gone are the powerhouse moves of ice and steam, both helped you get through the game with very powerful combos now they sit as some of the weakest elements.the general polish of the game has slipped, little things add up to alot, i miss being able to tell what armour level i has by its colour and the pinging noise when a rock was fully charged, these little attention to details seem to have been cut from this magicka.the ""artifacts"" that modify the game are nothing more then simple modifiers like ""enemies hit harder"" ""wizards are burned more"" ""X does the Y with Z added"" not very flavourful or inventive.lastly i couldnt find any staffs that didnt somthing cool, all the staffs i could find where ""Boost X but hamper Y"" nothing fun like lightning immunity or summoning zombies to be found so far."
,Recommended,238370,16771816,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Xaxor,"Quality sequel.  Clear improvement in all areas, audio, visual, and mechanical."
,Recommended,238370,16916818,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Ronac,"Cast spells, accidently kill friends. Awesome"
76561198033038450,Recommended,238370,16064847,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Puma,"The playtime on hard with a single friend is about 5 and a half hours.There's nothing much to say, really. The length is a major disappointment in comparison to the first game, however, as expected, the gameplay was improved. It was still a nice experience, but I feel a little cheated.Now, brace yourself for at least 30 DLCs."
76561198012027834,Recommended,238370,16085702,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,The Mango (MUTE ME),"awesome game diferent then the first one, but all the same worth it kind of sad people gave it so many neg review since it isnt exactly the same and a bit harder"
76561198041927467,Recommended,238370,16098021,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,AntiKing,Close quarters long range spellcasting ok for older children but younger kids kill each other too much and tempers flare.Need to disable friendly fire for some players
,Recommended,238370,17627122,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,MYAAH!,im a bit annoyed that i can't play on ramdom servers like in the first game but is still is good
76561198045244712,Not Recommended,238370,18377936,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,"The 10,000 Year Old King","I don't want to hate this game, I really don't. But Paradox forgot something immensly important when making this game, the magic..... Not the litteral kind, I mean the Disney magix and whinsey that the first game gave off... And before you say anything, NO I don't mean clone the first game, I mean take what it gave and improve, not forget HALF of what made is special.Also, fair warning, this is long. But if you are considering buying this game, I at least recommend you skim this. You have been warned.I'm not going to go into the controls, art, and basic spells, those are fine. Alot of people are iffy on them, but I have no gripes with them. Also, A+ on the added Poison element.What I do hate is the basic items you get. The abilety to make your own loadout with your own robes is cool, I like it. But the proble is they are not special anymore. What most of them do is buff/weaken certain spells, or change movement speed. Most of the robes did that in 1, true, but what I'm really talking about here are the staves. There are NO stave secondarys here, they all just buff/weaken. What about the rogue staff that allowed you to use smokebombs? The Scythe that spead poison? The Freedom Staff with grenades? GANDOLF'S STAFF OF LIGHT!!! They COMPLETELY changed how you played with new abiletys, but ushually at some price. If we had THOSE staves on the loadout screen, that would be AMAZING!!! But we have instead is the Skull stave.... It makes life spells suck, but you death better... Yay?But hey! We have GAME CHANGING ARTIFA- what is this? An item that makes the game black and white? Giving enemys more HP? Why? I got more game changes from starting the game as Dr. Doom than this. How about something WORTH getting? Like a goblet that turns you undead ghost that heals from death, but is hurt by life. That would be a load of fun when playing with freinds, trying to heal you but accidentally killing you instead. Or maybe a bomb bag that makes you Kamakazi the SECOND fire touches you? Some fun stuff like that! And each player could have their own artifact, making the battlefeild MAYHEM!!!Also, Magicks suck now. All those weird spells you could cast after entering a spell code with good and bad effects? Most of them are gone. Black Hole, the most deadly one, is created by crossing life and death. Most conflicts can now be ended by just doing that over, and over again. It made SENSE it was the last Magick! Now it's a joke! And you get Magicks NOT from well hidden tomes, but from playing the story mode. Instead of a code, you just click a button. You CAN enter the code... But why? Spells like Conflagerate were super fun to use because it was a bit tricky to use, but when you got it working, you felt satified! You murdered ALL those imps by imputing the spell correctly! Now you just hit a button... Is conflag even in this game?.... NO! Cause that was fun! We now have a dragon strike, while better, is alot less fun. You hit a button, and there's fire. Good job, now get back to work. Raisde dead was tricky, and you only got a few zombies, but if you could keep your steak up, you felt like a real necromancer! Summoning armys of zombies to fight!... Now you got a bunch of skeletons you can't spam... Cute.But the biggest tragety of all is the lack of secrets. In Magicka 1, secret stuff was EVERYWHERE! Like the sword that 1 hit K.O'd one of the final bosses! Or the Sword of Masters hidden beside a creek you would not think to check! I wasted SO much time in Magicka 2 trying to find secrets that did not exsist! Does this lake go anywhere? No. This one? no. This cave? No, this one- Oh hey..... A camo skin....... Neat. And where this is a secret, it's SO OBVIOUS, and the pay out is another staff that does♥♥♥♥♥♥all. Gimmie a reward! Like a staff of Invisabilety! Or something that spits poison! Or the abilety to Charm! ANYTHING WORTH GETTING!!!!!Also, the Melee is broken, yeah. I keep swinging at an imp, and my blade constantly goes through him like Elsa's hair. Not that Melee is even worth doing. No weapon is THAT neat. It either does more damage, or a little bit of death, or a little bit of.... Life WHAT..... WHY DO WE HAVE SO MANY LIFE MELEES!?!? ARE YOU JOKING!?!? I'm nitpicking, onward. There isn't even any sidearms, like the pistol that one of the original wizards had, or the M18, the Throwing records, the insta-freeze swords! Magicka is about being broken! Cause even if you are god, YOU WILL STILL DIE!!! So much stuff is thrown at you in these games you NEED those powerful weapons to kill the enemy. Magic is not your ONLY tool!I haven't even gotten to how much less exciting this game's story is, or some of the other flaws. But I hope you see where the problem is. It's just shallow. It's the diffenece between Mario Party 5 and Mario Party 10. They got rid the biggest fun factor for something easier. And no fake difficuly can hide that. Alone, this game is fine, but when your a sequel, you HAVE something to compaire to! And by god, this is not cutting it for Magicka, one of the best bloody games I've playedParadox, I'm dissapointed, but I'm not giving up on you. Magicka 1 and it's expanchions was incredable, even if the netcode sucked for a while. Take what made Magicka 1 great, and build up. And take some of the things that worked in Magicka 2, and again, build up. This was a flop, but I'm certain you can move on, and make something even better with what you learned from this. God's speed."
,Recommended,238370,16103330,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Jananass,"Great early access, a really good sequel to the first game.Developpers need to focus on the controls of the mouse/keybord and some bugs, but that's normal for an unfinished game.Fans of the first game, like me, will really love this game, because of black laser."
76561198064693136,Recommended,238370,16109220,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Moon Man,get it
,Not Recommended,238370,16455761,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Geltan,"As a fan of the first magicka, I can't recomend this game. It's shorter, has less magicks, less weapons, less elements and less combinations of those elements. They've also made the game much harder - which isn't necesarily a bad thing, but the way they've done it just encourages ragequiting. Sheild spells and elemnet immunities are almost entierly removed from the game, and most enemies now 1-shot a player. This makes single player very difficult, and makes multiplayer far less strategic. There used to be multiple team members casting diffiernt buffs and healing. Now you just choose who's the distraction to run at the enemy, die, and get revived while a few friends hang back and shoot things.Pros: Music is great, as it was in the first game. Writting is on point too. Classic magicka humor will have you cracking up.Overall, it feels like a beta test of the first Magicka before they realized what good gameplay was and how awesome a truly dynamic spell system is and decided to add those. Except it's 4 years after the original... Is this what passes for a sequel these days?3/10 Might be worth 1-2 dollars on a steam sale some day.I think for the current price you could get the original + all DLC (which are very good) and have about 5x more gamplay, 3x the replayablity, and 2x more fun."
,Recommended,238370,16033479,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Sir Pebble,"I have but one complaint. It is simple, and may only be me, but the new movement is incredibly annoying. Going from being able to just hold down the mouse button to walk and stop the second you release was nice. Having a set destination each click is bothersome, especially when holding down the mouse button because it continuously moves. The reason it really bothers me is because I keep walking into flames and off of cliffs due to that set destination.Other than that, best game 2015!"
,Recommended,238370,25505996,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Zeno$yne;,want more spell/melee solutions though.
,Recommended,238370,16026362,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,The Frog Who Ate Ponion,"Awesome soundtrack, funny jokes, lot's of easter-eggs, like in magicka 1.The controls have changed, some elements work differently, personally I think it's more logical now, and also more balanced. There is no key bindings option yet, but they say it's coming.One real negative is: you can't access options from in-game. You have to quit to main menu to do that..."
,Recommended,238370,20859186,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Vietnam Flashbacks,I learnt how to make friends for the first time
76561198032919000,Not Recommended,238370,19782733,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Kuryux,"Pros:Game is awesome as ever;Better performance on lower end computersConsWay too easy and too short;Puns are not as awesome as they used to be;Feels like an expansion of the 1st, not a 2nd version"
76561198069342137,Recommended,238370,20978381,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Hannes♥™,is gud gaem sum bad stuff but i had lutz of fun in it. its wurf for  the comedy.
,Recommended,238370,30818344,Posted: 29 March,all,foxinbox4ever,OMG.......... If you do not have this game you need to play it there are still people online for ages to join games with it's just soooooooooon fuuuuunnnnnnnnn!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198107074011,Recommended,238370,16042317,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Blam Blam!,"Fun game, has poor optimisation and some bugs but it will be great when everything's fixed."
,Not Recommended,238370,19505790,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Jokulhaups,"Everything is just...off. Nothing what I enjoyed about the first one, tries too hard and achieves nothing. Do not recommend."
,Recommended,238370,33064811,Posted: 30 June,all,TheDJMuffin,GOOD GAME 99/99 BOTTLES OF MILK ON THE WALL YEAH I DID GO THERE AND HUNTER IS SAD CAUSE HE HAS NO COOKIES AND COOKIE MONSTER IS SAD BECAUSE HE HAS NO FRIENDS SO YEEEEEEEEEEEEEAH
76561198091758431,Recommended,238370,20455400,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,gallagher.549,"When it was first released I didn't like it because there were less options in the spell system, but the developers updated the game to add ice, steam, and add poison elements then the game got good. The gamepad controls are an improvement over Magicka 1, however you cannot just plug in any cheap USB controller like in Magicka 1. The Xbox USB controllers and the Logitech gamepads work, I'm not sure about other brands."
76561198034920877,Recommended,238370,20492024,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,aredsheep,great game the controlls are weird for the keyboard.
76561198010731250,Recommended,238370,29133760,Posted: 8 January,all,Zavrrr,o hard play on  mac os x :(
76561198074030388,Recommended,238370,27969579,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,KingOzzyHoe 1st,funny
,Recommended,238370,26634870,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Myrabakken,Magicka 2 < Magicka 1all I find myself doing in magicka 2 is healing myself and casting new armor that dosen't do♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561197970924907,Recommended,238370,24288764,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,BERZERKER,"All of the fun of the original with some improvements, especially for anyone using an XBox-style controller.  It plays great for co-op, and my child and I play it nightly (she's under 6).  The various game modes and DLC are all worth it, and co-op, especially local, same-screen, is awesome, as is the ability (should you desire) for others to join your active game.  We made a lot of progress on the Single Player game (which unlocks new ""Magicks"") with the help of a lot of other gamers out there, which was a nice change."
76561198083889101,Recommended,238370,29580404,Posted: 29 January,all,LUO,I like Magicka2's humor. It makes me funny. But I want to play this game to Korean pleaseeee...
76561198032178707,Recommended,238370,29507821,Posted: 26 January,all,Jinchot,totes dabom.comthanks oibama
76561198072952647,Recommended,238370,16042298,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Starfire lover XXX,swag platyus robe
76561198050056595,Recommended,238370,29766824,Posted: 7 February,all,Frodo,9/11 i hate all my friends now
,Recommended,238370,16026431,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Feerm,"Awsome game! 10/10, Much fun and hard!Takes a while to play  threw!"
,Recommended,238370,33103541,Posted: 1 July,all,Kistarianth,"Complete beauty. I bought this cuz i love invoker, really that was the main reason xDBut i liked it so much.  Good story, nice DLC's and good game.  Definitely recommended"
,Not Recommended,238370,21534576,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Shaman the sky,its boring not like the first game. game is ridiculously challenging in some parts. also cooldowns after casting magicks? nonsense...
76561198166429479,Recommended,238370,33568152,Posted: 15 July,all,scrublord,not sure how to connect a ps4 controller (if i even can) help?
,Recommended,238370,30858713,Posted: 31 March,all,Kenan The Lemon™,Perfect.
76561198140972712,Recommended,238370,23688291,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Bribot17,Awsome at the beggining but once you beat the game its really boaring
76561198039869081,Recommended,238370,28031882,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Taffer,"This is the hardest, most chaotic, most hilarious moments I have spent with friends. The casting possibilities are endless and constantly keep you on your toes. The story is witty and fun and has great replayability with it's multitude of unlocks and combinations. Buy it, buy some controllers, buy some friends and don't look back. Can't wait for a third installment."
76561198124845440,Recommended,238370,28232234,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,RIPHostile,Absolutly fantastic game. I loved this game so much i 100%ed it.10/10 Highly recommend
76561198043578912,Recommended,238370,24683584,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Shoveler,yis
,Recommended,238370,29281834,Posted: 15 January,all,Awildnoobsy,Best game i ever ignored the tutorial for. accidentally killed other players for 30 minutes while trying to learn to play10/10 would ignore the tutorial again
76561198064153655,Recommended,238370,31399835,Posted: 27 April,all,KarliN,"They know what they want to make. You have to give them that.+) Graphic, voice, and story, everything became cuter and I really liked it.+) At the end of each chapter they give you artifacts and spells. Those made me feel good and achieved.+) Checkpoint was lovely!+) They made different difficulties so that casual and hardcore players can all enjoy.+) Dialogues and story were funny. I loved it.+) Story itself was also better than last time.+) You can now actually SKIP. I liked how they developed.+) Now I even like this cheap music. I don't know why. It grows on you, you know? Hahaha.+) Like previous series, they know what they're making. By the time you're about to get sick of finger twisting it's when the game ends. This time exactly at the right time.+) I loved, Loooved the quickslot. Beautiful touch there. I applaud you.-) I kind of didn't like the way my character moved. When you get used to it, it is no big deal but still.-) Sometimes you die because there is a fall in the area. When the dialogue ends they move your position right next to it. You try to move to the place you had in mind only to find yourself deliberately and directly running towards the cliff.-) The menu was odd. You should be able to set artifacts and items before starting a new chapter or even during the game by pressing Inventory or something like that. Going to main menu and then creating a new game was stupid.-) There was this beautiful looking loot from one of the bosses but I couldn't get it because I didn't know I won't be able to get that after the dialogue. What the heck? No same item dropped since. Will I play that chapter again just for that? Hahahahahahahahahahahahahaha. Hahahahahahahaha. No. Hahahahahahaha."
76561198014815263,Recommended,238370,28937857,Posted: 2 January,all,matteroflight,"Fast paced pretty action adventure!  Lot of fun!  Very funny, the Va... Narrator is a hoot!Cool game mechanic!  Combine 8 elements up to 5 times to cast a spell up to 4 ways.  That's 4*(8^5+...+8^1) = 149792 possibilites.  Nearly a quarter of those hurt/kill you.  Also, many of them are fairly similar since order doesn't always matter.  However, some of those are super spells that do something extra cool.  This game can be challenging if you're solo and don't gear up.Controls:ABXY - ElementsL1+(ABXY) - Other 4 ElementsL2 - Area CastR1 - Self CastR2 - Sword CastRStick - Directional Cast (also aim)LStick - MoveSpecial spells need to be unlocked first!Haste - Lightning + Death + Fire + Sword CastNote: You can move and cast!Other comments: Magicka 2 has a much better controller scheme than the first game (which seems better with a keyboard).  For some reason 2 broke after a steam update and wouldn't sync with my offline mode unlocks.  Haven't played it enough to catch back up, but super annoying to go through all of that again.  My setup is super jenky, so probably not terribly fair to blame Paradox."
76561198140923409,Recommended,238370,28938180,Posted: 2 January,all,大哥别打我~！,GOOD
76561198038575063,Recommended,238370,28840574,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Vikitori,Beach Music: 11/10 IGN *Will rave again*
,Recommended,238370,28859328,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,JesVe #GODBLASTU,Verry Addicting
,Recommended,238370,33257413,Posted: 4 July,all,S U PeppeR E M E,It runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥even on proper hardware.
76561198123266249,Recommended,238370,33285734,Posted: 5 July,all,Colosseum,becuse of retrieving server list    we cant find  any game to join :|  pls help
,Recommended,238370,27804683,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Kurwasan,nostalgia
76561198060655745,Recommended,238370,33314442,Posted: 6 July,all,ErykDante,Hilarious co-op experience.
,Recommended,238370,16291210,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Reaper8U,"First time I tried this game, I didn't like it because it was very unbalanced and I didn't enjoy. After several patches it became fun, so I recommend it."
76561198032463751,Recommended,238370,25302050,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Racelightly,What is the point of going online if almost every party wants to kick you out?
,Recommended,238370,26003522,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,yurdaif14,this game is awsome
,Recommended,238370,16020236,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,W.A. the Anum,"If i read some negative reviews, i really had to puke at some.FIRST they were mostly a ""first review"" ever - like someone wanna just complain about a pretty good made sequel from a pretty buggy game (from the first place).SECOND it looked mostly like they had no idea how to play Magicka or they EVEN doesnt know anything about.So i dont wanna say now i know everything or im THE FANBOY, no.But i played the Sneek peek and now a bit Magicka 2 and i must honestly say it was worth the wait and preorder:- IT GIVES NO STEAM MAGIC OR MINES:...http://images.akamai.steamusercontent.com/ugc/540776012799466690/077A597E9D07991EE1AEB22E3BFCC5B3C4C3D2EF/http://images.akamai.steamusercontent.com/ugc/540776012799468352/5BBFC446A751D7676DF56F4CFAE9D45354C71790/Who ever wrote this look please at this screenshots - it GIVES them. Also you may not combo Water and Fire into the ""steam"" element but it is still as powerful as you would use 2 elements, just said...- The movement remind me more like a MOBA game, you click somewhere and you move there, its not that bad as people maybe say coz you can let your character move WILE you get ready your magic - also you can now move AND use magic which was in Magicka 1 NOT possible.- The magics are more or less feeling weaker but i guess that makes the game now more a MULTIPLAYER GAME WHERE YOU SHOULD ALSO WORK TOGETHER - AS TEAM*. I hope people got that point coz the Magicka series was MORE OR LESS build from the beginning as MULTIPLAYER GAME.*Sure the friendly fire thing is still inside AND one thing which is funny as hell.- Also, next to Magicka 1, Magicka 2 runs more smooth and it gives a lot more and some other nice combos like a better vortex field or self heal regena spells. Next to this you can, a bit like in Magicka WW, ""equip"" your wizard with the robes you want - unlike in Magicka 1 each robe has a standart gear you can do it now yourself and equip what you think you need and want.- The pur and nice humor of the game is just epic and great. New story and bad humor, in a good way heh.As long as i played i still found out that reaaaaally some things are not that good:- If you die and you...respawn, you MOSTLY do that at the same place you die. I had ones the problem i died in the water and respawn, IN the water (so i died twice). I think they should overwork this situation. next to this, PLEASE, at least 2-3 seconds invulnerable time please, thanks...- The cam sometimes jumps all over the place or just stuck somewhere where you REALLY dont need it. That, srs, -needs- a fix.All at all i cant much complain about the game if you THINK BACK that Magicka 1 was kinda unplayable at version 1.0 /release. So im kinda ""thankful"" Magicka 2 is really playable. Also we should see forward before we begin to complain like ""its like MAGICKA 1!!!"" or ""ITS BUGGY!"" or ""ITS F*CKING BAD!"".In this videogame era, everyone SHOULD know a game comes out ""playable but not finish"". Think now back. i mean where games were on CARTRIDGES - NOONE ever thought (or even knew) they could fix a game by ""update"" it...i mean, tell me even ""how""~~~Still worth the money and fun."
76561198060037455,Not Recommended,238370,22550710,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Funke,"played 3 hours of life+thunder=faerie + summoning birds, after that i killed every nice and happy person in this game and helped some maniac vampire enslaving a all powerfull girl that saved my life...i feel now like♥♥♥♥♥♥and the game just ended...great"
76561197967537739,Not Recommended,238370,29259578,Posted: 14 January,all,westerneer,"Totally new controls and combat system, slightly different gameplay, but the spirit of the game is gone :/ I had a good feeling about this game, but maybe it is better to have the DLC-s to the first one. Sad times."
76561198027042104,Not Recommended,238370,16419515,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,McMadsen,"I really enjoyed the game, but after 6 hours I was done with the campaign. I dont really feel there is much replay value in this game :("
,Not Recommended,238370,16114553,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Pho3nix,I would pay double price/triple for playing AC unity instead of playing with this for free.Normal difficulty is hard as hell. Map creator creativity was zero. Boss after boss. Zero hack and slash. And the most annoying things are the screen locks during boss fights.Not recommended!
,Not Recommended,238370,16117571,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Ranger,"Der erste Teil von Magicka war wunderbar, selbst mit den Bugs. Doch dieser ist nicht mehr lustig. Klar war es etwas heftig im ersten Teil mit den krassen Zaubern, doch dafür zu sorgen das man so etwas  nicht machen kann ist unnötig.... Auch das sich verschiedene Elemente nicht mehr verbinden ist schade. Ich kann nur sagen das man sich lieber den ersten Teil kauft"
76561198105974483,Not Recommended,238370,16041063,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,gummybear90,"i am so  dissapointed... i forced my  friends to play with me only to join and keep getting Crushed, getting Unable to connect to Paradox....yes its a downgrade from magicka 1, but i though why not at least i will play with friends (cuz Co-op is this game is fun nonetheless) ... but ofc.. nothing was said here about the paradox connection. and now i  wont be able to play it because i cant connect to paradox (and yes iu did go to the site and connect but i still cant + the crushing after clicking Space... so much fun..)well thanks :( i was waiting so much for the game, was waiting for play with friends... i am truly dissapointed fix it please T.T"
,Not Recommended,238370,16104332,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Lord Zounds,"Several days after launch, still receiving the ""Unable to connect to Paradox server"" error. The developers are on it ""ASAP""..."
,Not Recommended,238370,16133193,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,ChaosNe0,"This game isn't worth its money. If you want to play it you might better play Magicka (1) or (for an experience of competetiveness) Magicka Wizard Wars.Pros:- It's funny when you slaugther your enemies.- Its spell-mechanics are interesting and it's fun to be capable of immediately knowing the combination you need to destroy an enemy.Cons:- It's story is boring.- It's in-built jokes are low.- A short game (here about 5h... Don't regard the number of hours I played, I'm just slow.) you can play in a large variety is still the same game, just easier or more difficult. (You know, like changing a color-scheme of a picture doesn't change the contrast.)- Sometimes there are too many creatures.- Often it's possible to attack enemies that won't notice your attack.- There are many bugs in the endboss-fight that frustrate.- There are fewer items than in Magicka (1).Please note that I played this game on a pc. The experience of playing Magicka 2 on a console may differ."
,Not Recommended,238370,16459889,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,the don,yes
,Not Recommended,238370,16771538,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,mystical >,pretty meh did the campaign in 3 h of gameplay
76561197980969871,Not Recommended,238370,16109717,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,konman,Well....there went $15 bucks....First one was alot of fun...I guess I just can't keep up with all the combinations now....
76561198027519470,Not Recommended,238370,16187009,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Nazutin,"really nice magic system, but all those crowded areas make playing way too annoying. Too little space to move anywhere and try to beat monsters that are over half of that space."
,Not Recommended,238370,16471852,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Mastokk,"Seriously, this game is a shame. Just one thing to understand that the developers do not care about players : this game requires to combine elements to cast spells. For this, you should press the right buttons in the right order... And they have not implemented the ability to change the buttons spells... This option was the most important of all and was present on the first game, but no, they have not put.Do not buy this game, the developers do not care about the players."
,Not Recommended,238370,16153190,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Siggles,"Sadly this game is nowhere near its original in terms of gameplay, dialogue and feel.  I guess it is true what they say.  Sequals are rarely a good idea."
61097341013496361,Not Recommended,238370,16320409,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,бекон шляпа,Wards don't work like they used to and the commands seem clunky now. Lame.
,Not Recommended,238370,16852407,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,DEATH,"This game is a huge disapointment. After all the hype building with the comical trailers and pre-order rewards, I was expecting the next big adventure for the Magicka series. Instead, what I got was a short, shallow and frustrating Magicka game that fails to understand what made the first game such a blast to play. Magicka 2 lacks content, magicks and even spell combinations from the 1st game and it doesn't replace it with much else. There is less of everything in Magicka 2 which wouldn't be a big deal if what was there was any good.However, it's biggest flaw is just how unfun this game is. Some of your basic defenses have been dramatically weakened and your health decreased causing you to die within 1-3 seconds of being spawned in the more difficult areas if you are not lightning fast with your wards. You will die over and over again and barely achieve much during your short lives. To make matters worse, arcane (death) deals the best damage now but is crippled by causing huge explosions when an enemy is killed with it and that explosion can deal great damage to you and your allies. Often killing them which gets really annoying. They ramped up friendly fire to the extreme here.Now the game being harder isn't necessarily a bad thing conceptually, it's more of a problem due to how they increased the difficulty. The new difficulty modes aren't any fun to play at all. All they do is give enemies more health, the players less, and allow enemies to regenerate health, as well as other adjustments. Anyway there are plenty of other reviews that go into more depth within the game's mechanics but I think you get the jist of it here.Ultimatelly I cannot recommend this game. It is much less fun than Magicka 1 and if you are a new comer to the series, just go play Magicka 1. If you are returning from Magicka 1, this game is most likely going to disapoint you more than anything else. If that's the case, lower your expectations and perhaps buy the game on sale and approach it as DLC to the first game and then maybe you'll find a tiny amount of entertainment here."
76561198311601424,Recommended,238370,25360083,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,king cunt,"The puns are real. Fun game tho, controls are a bit wonky"
76561198141086399,Recommended,238370,34341033,Posted: 18 August,all,nicklau,Melhor jogo para se jogar em co-op 8.5/10.0
76561198040345683,Recommended,238370,16019310,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Azertah,"Why is this game is worth playing?Many of you who see all the negative reviews on review section, might wonder if this game is really worth playing? Well to say the least, this game runs really well compared to original magicka even the multiplayer. However there is the lack of steam/ice elements but they can still be used to some degree. The lack of steam/ice causes the game to have less spells than original. The new magick slots are a nice add to the game play and offer you a change to quickly cast same magick twice, since original method of casting them is still viable. Speaking of game play they balanced the spell system by ton which causes the player having to think how to deal with enemies rather than simply mashing buttons and calling it a day. Items and robes add a new layer of strategy to the game and affect how you will want to use your spells and what you will put in your magick slots. Humor is still apparent in game and still gives a good laugh here and there. New controls also enable you moving and casting same time, it takes time to get used to, but it's way more useful than the old system.Good StuffRuns really well, not bugsGame play is challenging and funHumor still gives you laughsco-op is easier and not buggy also local co-opBalanced spell system makes strategies more importantInteresting storyBad StuffLess spells than originalConnection issues, (caused probably by steam)Always on DRM, Can't play single player if steam is having issuesBalanced spell system favors simple spells, and not complex ones.Game play can be too hard as solo, and system still needs balancingOverall i'd rate this game 9/10 despite its flaws, and for 15€ or your regional equivalent, it's a pretty good deal if you ask me."
,Not Recommended,238370,16076039,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Erman von Altestadt,"Long story short : Magicka 1 was better.Casting while walking is a nice option,so are these skill ""shortcuts"".But cooldowns ? Seriously ? The added cooldowns to abilities.What made magicka fun was the ability to spam spells.If you were in a sticky situation you could spam A-S-A to get away.But in Magicka 2,you can cast it like once in 2 seconds.I'm dissapointed in thatStory was awfully short.I had near to no-fun while playing with my friend.Story made no sense.Artifacts are strange as ♥♥♥♥.Whose idea was that to implement them ?And they added little to no new spells.It gets boring after a few hours.Only thing that are better in this game are easter eggs and collectibles.You'll find lots of easter eggs in the story mode.While collectibles add somewhat ""replayability"".AND THEY REMOVED CRASH TO DESKTOPWHY THE ♥♥♥♥ WOULD YOU REMOVE THATTHAT'S A HUGE NEGATIVE"
,Recommended,238370,16020738,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Riatero,"It was a good Story.Easter Eggs make me laugh so much.Equipment system is good you pick your robe,staff and weapon before the game.System  changed like magicka wizard wars it feels a little bit slower than magicka 1 and you cannot mix water and fire to steam element. (They are not count as 1 you can still cast steam with water + fire)and we cannot do that amazing QRQRAS (Lightning/Arcane Tower) Because of this :PMe and my friend finnish the main storyline around 5 hours(we did a bit fast run)There is lots of challanges and trials so game time is longer than that.Magicka players gonna like it. If you only play the magicka wizard wars you gonna like it more.It feels good to kill your friends again (by ""mistake"") and discover the combinations you can do with them.(anti element void)Its still a good game. Purchase , play  and give a review here so its might be give some ideas to developers."
,Recommended,238370,16031960,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,pixxul,"Just look at all those reviews crying about not being able to oneshot any enemy in the game with the good old steam-beam (in Magicka 1 you LITERALLY steamrolled the enemies, if you weren't using Lightning Bolt all the time which has a similar damage output but with more gibs).The game got harder. What's the problem? You need to learn which enemies are vulnerable to which elements? Oh, boo hoo, that's so difficult. For all those idiots who didn't get it until now: The point of the game IS dying. It even has achievements for it! MULTIPLE ONES! So if you really got through the entire campaign without dying once  you're either the best wizard Midgard has ever seen, or you don't exist, simple as that.So, now for the actual review:Magicka 2 plays in the same world as Magicka 1 and Wizard Wars, but after most of the wizards got killed in said wars. Your goal is tosave a child which has inherited the power which got released during the Wizard Wars from an unknown danger. Magicka 1 players will probably already know what that danger is, huh.That's it. But you're not playing Magicka for the story.You're playing Magicka for the massive amount of spell combinations, for the exploding enemies, for the silly dialogs, for the references to games/movies/TV-series, for the fun you have while killing your friends just to revive them again. So, does Magicka 2 have that? Yes, it does. Is it better than in Magicka 1? Maybe not, but it's atleast just as good. And don't forget: This game just got released 2 days ago. The developers will most likely change something about it.So, to finish my review - do I recommend the game?Yes, I god-damn do. It might not be the best game ever created, but it still is a blast, just like Magicka 1."
,Recommended,238370,16109250,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Morosho,"You will definitely have fun playing this solo or with friends. If you are new to the series or even if you played Magicka 1, you will find it hard at first. Just keep experimenting and you will get so good that Bananas difficulty will not be much of a problem.I think it is a good game that can be polished. I am sure the company will work on some of the issues to make it better."
76561198009658260,Not Recommended,238370,24058307,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,TusHuevosEnMiBoca,Exactly 6 hours of play to finish it.Would you pay 5 € for 6 hours?I feel so disappointed
76561197962138338,Not Recommended,238370,23501457,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,der.Wahnsinnige,"Bought the game in a 4 pack bundle to share it with friends (one of them got it as part of his birthday present)While downloading the game, I sent out the gifts anticipating the same (or higher) level of Fun we had with Magica 1.At the first start of the game I was a bit annoyed, being asked to linkt my Steam account to a Paradox account and hit ""SKIP"" as quickly as possible.Other games which do this promis greater User expirience trough community functions (I got Steam for that, thanks!) and informations about new games (SPAM , no thanks!!!)The next day, when I met with one of my buddys in TS wanting to play the game online, we noticed that it's IMPOSSIBLE TO PLAY TOGETHER (except you create a paradox account)This information is NOT prominently provided in the Steam page. . .  excpet in the Reviews i read after noticing the problem and deep in the EULA where it was phrased as ""might be required"" not ""is absolutely required for Online Multiplayer mode""As I did not play the game for long after the Tutorial in Single player mode, I'm pondering the possibility to ask for a Refund (so far less then 2 h played on all 4 parts of the bundle..) - final decision after all 4 of our opinions were heared"
,Recommended,238370,16026116,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Sukurīn,Hello Steam User!Magicka 2 is one of the best games this year! The Design of the Game is perfect. The Story is good and it makes a lot of fun! I am not good in control the character yet. In all i give this game: 8/10 Points because I´m only at the beginning. Thanks for the wonderful game! God Job Paradox Interactive!Dear Sukurin
76561197968956752,Recommended,238370,23012530,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,glub ♥Linux,"✓ Good graphics, animations and special effects✓ Good game mechanics, more or less like in Magicka 1✓ Humour (although not very funny)✓ Online multiplayer✓ GNU/Linux support!✘ Some pacing issues, certain events fall flat sometimesNo DRM-free version (requires Steamworks).Still have to recommend it despite the flaky Linux support."
76561198068794348,Not Recommended,238370,18190323,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Dezso_ekezethianyzik,"I am a huge Magicka fan, so I am sad, because Magicka 2, at least to me, feels like just a DLC for the first one with enhanced graphics, and a bit dumbed down combat system. The main campaign is really short and I think it's trying too hard to be as funny and original as its predecessor. And the plot, I just don't get it."
76561198041830556,Recommended,238370,16020393,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,The0ldFish,"I had just bought Magicka 2 with a friend of mine, and, overall it's a fun game. The comedy is great, the action is tense but also fun. It differs from the first in a couple ways, but that just means it's different. Different isn't always bad, and I like a lot of the changes that have come with Magicka 2. but... about an hour in my friend and I discovered a forbidden art...Death shield self cast, rock death self cast... you have been warned."
,Recommended,238370,16035394,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,ro6ertovich,Best game in the world
,Recommended,238370,16039987,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Zuu,"Magicka 2 is the game I never wanted, but I'm so ♥♥♥♥ing glad it's here.I'm ready to lose some friends."
,Recommended,238370,16069379,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Qchaos,"I finished yesterday the adventure on banana difficulty, here are a few observation :1- With the right staff, the game is a breeze (except for the constant one shot kill)2- Robes' effects are negligible, too many things murders you instantly (goblin bombers, trolls)3- Armors are even more important, a good armor in the right situation can save you lots of problems.4- I haven't found any way to stop the green type of damage (even life absorb did nothing)Also, if you can't finish the game on solo in hard difficulty or even normal and complain that it is too hard, then I am sorry to tell you, but LEARN TO SPELL...As far as solo goes, you can swap robe quickly at each checkpoints (simply reach a checkpoint, quit, change your equips, then go back to adventure).If you are in a group, you only need one strong arcane user and one strong ice user to wreck the content. Arcane is strong against any living creature, so far, there is no real use of undead creatures, so arcane is strong against anyone except for fire mobs (somehow resists arcane ?). Since fire mobs are weak to ice, then just have a strong ice user. A healer might be a good idea, since many staves reduce life magic. Life + Arcane cross beam is useful too.All in all, the game is not difficult if you know how it works, you MUST move while casting. The keybinding just came up, a bit rudimentary, but I can live with it for now.Lastly, I found a single irritating bug, which is a problem with the Y axis (a beam going through an enemy because some derping on the Y axis), but if you using an AoE instead of a beam or a projectile, you'll be fine."
76561198042581016,Recommended,238370,16043658,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Salty Cookie!,Awesome Game! Even Better Than The First.
,Not Recommended,238370,30712928,Posted: 24 March,all,coreBugZJ,"I like Magicka 1, didn't like Magicka 2.In Magicka 2,  the colldown and interupt of spell cast is confused. I feel very bad while using my xbox one controller."
,Not Recommended,238370,30738043,Posted: 25 March,all,Dibrorens,"LINUX USERS BEWAREI beated Magicka 1 in a single run with my friend, it was a wonderful night, memorable, delicious, funny and great.And then, I met Magicka Wizard Wars, I got so good that playing with Invoker in DotA 2 was a walk in the park.I saw Magicka 2 midweek madness and didn`t thought twice.Just bought it with heart full of hopes and joy.But I met a problem, I am a linux user.I searched the forums and used every ""Linux-black-magicks"" to make this game work!even tried to edit the game files from source...But it was helpless, i could only beat this game because the campaign is short (it's like the Story of Magicka 2 is a chapter from Magicka 1).I totally recommend the game, but my experience was destroyed by the lack of support for linux users."
,Recommended,238370,16033802,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,joshuajd777,"I was first really excited about this game i counted the days until its release but i regret that i regret that i wasted my time waiting and waiting for this gameThen i remembered the first one in all its glory and putting ""Death"" and ""shield"" balls down around me killing every thing including me and my friendsNow all of that hype lead to thisthe first hour i tried my hardest to love the game then it did not get better it got worse and worse and worse i am now contemplating suicideBut that being said I want to enjoy it even if its forced i still kinda like it"
,Not Recommended,238370,16191141,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,9,"As beautifully stated by @Pilestedt, director of Magicka 1:Just finished Magicka 2. Not a bad game, but most of what we envisioned Magicka not to be, is in Magicka 2.https://twitter.com/Pilestedt/status/605026715107270656"
76561197970810676,Not Recommended,238370,16294192,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,El Pantalones,The first thing I did after trying to play Magicka 2 was go back and play Magicka.
,Not Recommended,238370,17241284,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Edgewalker,"This game requires that you sign up for an account with the publisher via a website, defeating the point of Steam as both DRM and user authentication service.If you consider this objection trivial, consider what it would be like if every game on Steam had this policy. I myself would have nearly 200 additional sets of login information to remember. I've long since tired of jumping through beaurocratic hoops to play games. There are thousands without that requirement."
,Recommended,238370,16089090,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Glitch v.2,This game sucks! haha lol
76561198041913623,Recommended,238370,16023953,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,illogicafooby,This game like many others has its pros and cons.pro: Multiple players on a single system.                con: Hard game to play solo.pro: PS4 compatible.                                                con: Simplified PC controls.pro: It's Magicka                                                       con: Team mates are jerks.
76561198007530645,Not Recommended,238370,16104485,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Jason,"Worse than Magicka 1.  Zero new game mechanics, in fact several mechanics have been removed such as combining elements to create new elements.  Extremely disappointing."
,Recommended,238370,16109533,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Cheeseman,I have trust issues now
76561198143332888,Not Recommended,238370,24504511,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,h3dg3h0g,"Also got the famous ""Unable to communicate with the paradox server."", which seems to be quite common when you search the web. No solution available from forums, Paradox, etc.Sadly, the main interest of this game being its multiplayer mode, needless to say it lost almost all interest.Avoid..."
76561198226400400,Not Recommended,238370,16062332,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,jez.george,"utterly unplayable on the yoga 3, no amount of messing around with the screen res on the laptop and the game makes this game playable"
,Recommended,238370,16120698,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Lunerd,"You shoot Lasers, its neat"
,Not Recommended,238370,16192394,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Sigurd,"This is incredibly disappointing sequel.  I feel sorry that I have convinced my friends to buy this game, hoping we'll have as good time as we had in Magicka 1.I was in love with Magicka 1, I've played it over 10 times. I also played Wizard Wars since alpha, for quite long time. Magicka 2 is like an inbred baby of these two, dropped to it's head in infancy and raised by alcoholics. It took cons from both these games, added a handful of bad solutions of it's own, and almost completely ignored everything good these games had.Let's count the great things that already were in Magicka 1 that didn't made it into the sequel:Steam and Ice are no longer individual elements, meaning you can't combine them with lighting element. This reduces amount of possible combos, and there is nothing to fill the void - developers has removed a feature and haven't added anything here.Cool weapons - I admit I haven't played the game till it's end (and I'm not sure I will), but almost everything that was found in Magicka 1 felt awesome and gameplay changing. Thor's hammer, staff that regenerates health, staves with spells, machine gun, masters' sword, knife of counter-striking - everything was awesome. Here? After playing for 3 hours everything I found was boring stats weapons and staves. Weapon that adds little element dmg, stave that increases certain element dmg... Yawn.I understand why these weapons would be in WW, since it's a PvP, but why ruin creative freedom of coop game?Balance - granted, Magicka 1 was a bit easy at times, but it was completely possible for solo players. More than that, I've finished it multiple times even before the resurecting fairy update, it was challenging, but fun as hell. Here playing solo is difficult, repetitive and boring. Foes are numerous, fast, and often have one-shot-kill attacks. Great, huh?Enchanted melee - I was disappointed when I learned that you can enchant melee weapons in WW, and was looking forward to it in Magicka 2. And it is here.. but it doesn't feels like it. It's week, range is laughable, and there is absolutely no reason to do it for offence.Push - Magicka 1 featured a push spell. Simple, niche, but cool looking and effective where it was needed. Here? It's tier 1 magick with cooldown and long animation. It's a downgrade.Awesomeness of magicks - Once again, I haven't seems them all, but what I've seen saddens me. Haste lasts for couple of seconds, napalm kills only weakest of foes, and there is COOLDOWN. A ♥♥♥♥ING COOLDOWN. In Magicka 1 you could spam spells. It was not always profitable and challenging, which is why it felt rewarding when you did that to a great effect. Here? Magicks looks like party tricks, not as powerful spells.Story mode - it was silly in Magicka, but there was a story it was interesting to look at. In Magicka 2 story is much more nonsensical in a bad way, just being a sad excuse to throw some enemies at you, I've stoped paying attention to what's going on at chapter 3.Seems plenty to me. Plenty of reasons not to buy this game."
76561198013681158,Not Recommended,238370,16286494,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Bad Kong,"This game is broken. It was clearly intented to be played multiplayer, and is improperly tuned for single player.Further, the new enemies have numerous cheap tricks they use seemingly with no cooldown, while your own powers and spells  have been reduced from the first game. You are routinely killed by enemies in ways where there was no possible way you could've prevented it: comboed by multiple enemies with no opportunity to react, etc. Coupled with the fact that rock armor no longer prvents you from being disrupted, be prepared to get screwed over and die. A Lot.Seriously, my blood pressure hasn't been this high since I played League of Legends regularly.I digress though; the enthusiasm and regularity with which this game screws you leads me to believe the developers assumed it would be played multiplayer with a friend there to revive you. Well, I was the only one of my friends who made the mistake of buying this and I will not be recommending it to them.I SAID GOOD DAY!!!"
,Recommended,238370,17245861,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Nuclear Eater,"It is very interisting contue of the MAGICKA, This is not master piece of genre but very funny game. And This is REAL SIMULATOR OF INVOKER!"
76561198046497855,Recommended,238370,16018837,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,TheHayDuke,"I think a lot of the other review are unfair.Yes this game is different, but thats the nature of sequels. If it wasnt different you couldnt justify spending another $16 to get a game thats the same as one you already have. Its different and thats OK. It will take getting used to.Magicka 2 is still has a very versatile spell casting system, its still hilarious, and it has better online support.I look forward to playing more of this game."
76561198078804377,Not Recommended,238370,16048286,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Sultan of Swing,"Magicka 2 is a horrible game, and I do not recommend wasting 14.99 to buy it. First of all, the movement and attack system are confusing and badly-designed, and with four different button combinations for different attack types I commonly find myself attempting to use a mass attack and ending up swinging my sword. Secondly, the missions are overly complicated and difficult. It took me three tries just to get past the tutorial, as the laggy movement system kept sending me right into the fire. On the Goblin Raid mission, it is nearly impossible to get past the bridge fight because after you die, since you are constantly being attacked by five goblins, by the time you respawn the goblins are already back to attacking you, and when you try to back up you are blocked by the area barrier, so you die again and fail the mission. I don't know why Valve would let this game be in the store."
76561198033285030,Not Recommended,238370,16061720,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,techn0sage,"Easily the best example of ""sequals suck"" that i have seen.They wrecked the whole game ,the spellcasting system changed and it is nothing like before you cant do half the spells you did in the first game.The story is too short and my friend who bought the deluxe edition is so OP that i dont even want to play with him.the wands are not creative and the cutscenes are so boring and not funny.I am so dissappointed right now.I hate the fact that i wasted 24 TL's on this game."
76561198070540460,Recommended,238370,17178831,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,u_alright_mate,"Although it is definatly not as good as the first game (which is amazing btw, you chould go buy it)It is still a good game and is deserving of a positive reveiw, magika fans will be alittle dissapointed, but will still enjoy very much."
,Recommended,238370,16115802,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,[ZfG] BlueBerry607,"Magicka 2 is really nice gamethey changed the spell system abit so that old op spells cannot be used anymore.I got 2 crashes while playing the entire game, magicka 1 used to crash alot :Dthe only problem i had with Magicka 2.The story was waaaaaaay to short."
,Recommended,238370,16018180,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Hideous,"Good game! Beat the campaign, and I certainly enjoyed it a lot more than the first Magicka. FQSAAA is not a thing anymore, which is good, because it was stupid overpowered. The new overpowered thing is to get a friend, and cast life and death beams at each other!"
,Recommended,238370,16018496,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Antonius Palatinus,"The game is great so far, good graphics, gameplay and music, quite funny jokes. Nice controller support. Lots of content too.Don't listen to people raging over quick magickas buttons, no one actually forces you to use them, you can cast old fashioned way if you want."
,Recommended,238370,16018335,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Not Louis CK,"For newcomers:It can be played without prior knowledge of the first game.  Very few references are made to the previous game that you'll need to know but there are a few here or there (mostly gags).  The gameplay is tight, the performance solid even on my 5-year-old clunker, and the co-op is tremendously fun.For oldcomers:You may lament the fact that elements that used to merge into one (water+fire into steam, water+cold into ice) no longer merge into one element, but the other combos still remain along with some new ones.  Cold has become much more viable an element to use but earth has become a much less viable an element to use.  As mentioned previously it is an upgrade in all other fields: performance, gameplay, replayability, etc.  The only thing that has some minor issues is multiplayer.  Had issues trying to do co-op with a friend but Paradox has stated they are working on it as of this writing (5/26/2015, 7:29 pm est)Final thoughts:-New spells are great and useful-Movement changes are very welcome-Element rebalancing is a bit odd but I dig it-WEAR COLD PROTECTION AS SOON AS YOU GET IT-Vlad is not a vampire-Multiplayer options are great-Less laggy than Magicka 1-Still kinda laggy for some"
76561198059943181,Not Recommended,238370,20080379,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,BunningsWarehouse,Magicka 2 won't even launch. After clicking play there is a black screen and the game quits almost immediately. Can't rate if I can't play.
,Not Recommended,238370,18959509,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Gonza (laser eyes),"Spells feel weak as hell, you can't pick up any weapon or staff dropped by enemies, shields are made of crackers, and mines don't send enemies to the air.Magicka 2 just lost most of the stuff that made the first one so fun and addictive."
,Recommended,238370,22521980,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Aserdon,I like Magicka 2 better than the first one and I love the first one. Play with your friends for maximum enjoyment.
76561198037659157,Recommended,238370,17435459,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Nathrol,"OMG bananas? NEW WEAPONS!!! ROBE AND WEAPON SCREEN!!!!!!!!!!!! OMG THIS IS THE BEST GAME EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!Actually, It has a somwhat short campaign and has a great difficulty setting/settings. Great game!"
,Recommended,238370,20113371,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Hikadani Farmskins.com,Fun.
,Recommended,238370,16104635,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Taal,"Well wizard game for real wizards. I wizard. I like.Wizard:Wizards are awesome. I spelled again. like.Wizard Guest 1:I like my wizard. I like my wizards. I like.Wizard Guest 2:I always got killed by wizard Guest 3. Wizard would deinstall, but Wizard is just a guest. Wizard don't like.Wizard Guest 3:Second gamepad of Wizard."
76561198198733446,Recommended,238370,16102851,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Purple Cats,Best game i have ever played! You there reading this play it now!
,Recommended,238370,16250453,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Let's Dance,GG... THIS GAME IS AMAZING :)Hi there... please add me to play co-op... already finish the normal mode tho :P
,Recommended,238370,16748576,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,DolgVlaPet,It's like Magicka 1... But 2.
,Not Recommended,238370,16274492,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Cryoskin,This game is quite difficult in solo due to enemies HP being stubbornly too high.You might enjoy this game if you like spending 5 min on each mob.I do not remember having this issue in Magicka 1.will change my advise when the game gets balanced.
76561198022795008,Recommended,238370,16071054,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Petromilli,It has its bugs but its a great game
,Not Recommended,238370,16079159,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Doin_It_4_Da_Ghoul,"Play the first MAgicka instead... This is an infuriating mess of changed controlls and arbetrary timers on spells. It isn't fun, just annoying."
76561198058724742,Not Recommended,238370,16195336,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,die1ectric,"This game was pretty disappointing. To me it seemed like nothing more than a watered down version of a DLC for Magicka 1.Pros:Its MagickaMain menu was easy to useCons:The spell ""tutorial"" was extremely sparseStoryline only 3-4 hours longStory was uninterestingSpells were substantially weakenedTeleporting was neuteredHaste was neuteredHas same laundry list of bugs Magicka 1 hadGame was strictly console driven, to go after the PSN salesThey added a liberal political agenda to the game, keep your politics to yourself please (the ghosts sitting at a table in the first half of the game)This game was basically nothing more than a copy and paste of the Magicka 1 code with some interface changes (for console play). I have buyers remorse for sure on this game. I'd say it's not worth paying more than $5 - $10 for this turd"
76561198000505173,Not Recommended,238370,17557270,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,smeglord,You are basically required to go co-op the entire game and they've taken the nerf bat to so many things. It's just more of a chore to go through levels than it was fun. Play the first game it was better.
76561198103243648,Recommended,238370,17582367,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Taco6961,I played this game with friends once...I had friends once...
,Not Recommended,238370,16070937,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Shadowswimer,"Way to♥♥♥♥♥♥♥difficult, i cant even finish the prologue solo, mostly because of the new movement system that fks everything up, half the time i walk right into my death"
,Not Recommended,238370,16101774,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,d74g0n,"At this time it is clearly a horrible Xbox360 port.  CLEARLY.  My bran new video card can handle anything, but this runs like it bypasses video cards...  I loved the original, I am not bothered by the changes so far at all, just the frame lag.  Its hard to revive an ally when you can only hit one element per second to have it register.  I hope to hell they make an actual pc version of this, this is a travesty.  I will be playing it anyways hoping they hotfix this garbage code.You will be not having fun with your friends tonight in this game, perhaps tomorrow... if the company even cares."
76561197969616622,Not Recommended,238370,16119805,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Ayram,"Unfortunately, Magicka 2 feels like it LOST content compared to the original Magicka. For instance, you can no longer mix certain elements like steam and lightning. Physics on rocks are weird. Spells in general lack the punch they once had. The shield element is pretty useless, at least by itself (enemies can pass through them now and it doesn't last nearly long enough.) Melee attacks are super clumsy and sometimes don't even connect when they should. Even the act of just moving your wizard feels strange and clumsy.And to top things off, they didn't add anything new, aside from artifacts and spell hotkeys (both admittedly good things). Magicka actually has more to it than Magicka 2. It's my feeling that cutting content without adding anything should preclude the right to put a ""2"" on a game. It feels like they tried to fix what wasn't broken,.. and broke it.So I'm not being entirely negative, it would still be an ok game if the original hadn't existed. And there's still the same charming wackiness. The problem rests entirely in the actual mechanics."
,Recommended,238370,16445845,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,riki137,"I played this with my friend, and my cheeks hurt from laughter. I am happy i bought this."
76561198036260440,Recommended,238370,24366166,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,HiGHSCoRE_BOi!,noice
,Not Recommended,238370,16099244,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,The Kilian Experience,Magicka 2 is a good game but it feels like a disapontment and is not magaicka 2 but more like magicka wizard wars in a magicka format i was disaponted by this game so i whould give it 2.5/5 stars good game but not anything more
76561198067927333,Not Recommended,238370,16297167,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,dpauls15243,"Not even close to the first game. Controls are annoying, spells sucks, glitchy, stupid cooldown system, stupid spell combos, etc. etc. etc."
,Recommended,238370,20940725,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,SgtWireless,Positive Review.
,Recommended,238370,16042574,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,WiZard Doge,It is cool
76561198003584248,Not Recommended,238370,24259750,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,DukeLukeM,"I want to start off saying that I remember a time when you bought a game, installed it and then played it. Those were the good days were they not? That is not the case here though, so here it goes. I start the game, crash to desktop 10 secs or so in. I verify the local files on the game and make it into the intial narration of lore on the prologue, crash. (Waited about 2-3 minutes to see if It would unfreeze since I was able to move cursor.) Read that from a discussion, no luck. I restart my machine, boot the game and skip through all the narration etc. and make it into the game itself..... Woot!, nope..... 5 secs in, crash, F**K! SO I've been tinkering around for the past 1/2 hour or so making sure everything on my end was up to date but to no avail, Crash, crash, crash. So I decide to read more discussions and spotted a reply from the Developer in one of them that stated how these kind of problems take time and if you don't like the state of the game, you can always get a steam refund. A halo of a thought formed around my head and a voice of a powerful celestial being spoke through me telling me to heed the advice. I got my refund and am now vindicated."
76561198014416819,Not Recommended,238370,16017907,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,BrowneHawk,"After putting more time into this game i think it sucks as a solo person.  75% of the time i drop into a match i get booted even when im better than them.  After failing a few days to even get people to play with, i have to say im done with mag 2, WW only for me.I hindsight this game was a huge flop.  They should of put all development in Wizard wars and skipped this game."
,Recommended,238370,26344894,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,The Grey Sibling,.
,Not Recommended,238370,34395276,Posted: 21 August,all,phi1010,"Steam Controller Bindings are unplayable -- the first button that needs to be pressed (Heal) is not recognized... the buggyness of Magicka seems to have carried on in Magicka 2; I'm sure it would be a great game, if it would be playable. =("
,Recommended,238370,25532364,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,moje konto the ultimate b0i,buy it plz i want them to make part 3
,Recommended,238370,33329725,Posted: 6 July,all,yrrah,not many players and takes a decent pc to run but its really fun and you can't use a gun and this was a really great punwhat a rymebut actually tho get this on sale its not worth 15 bucks
,Recommended,238370,30879646,Posted: 1 April,all,Metallisch,"It's really perfect game, I really had so much fun while playing. But PVP mod will be MUCH MORE fun if it was exists."
,Recommended,238370,25550873,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Айфон хочу,"BEST GAME (or not, idk) THIS GAME AWESOME!!!"
76561198043989952,Not Recommended,238370,21326557,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Ragnar Lothbrok,"got this thinking it would be a fun sequel to the first, its not at all. aside from all the bull♥♥♥♥♥♥changes, magick nerfing, and a final boss that you cant kill unless you have a full party of skilled players. the biggest fucign upset about this game was the change to the teleport magick, instead of teleporting you forward tword your cursor a set distance, now it just throws you anywhere within a quarter of the original distance. whats that? your stuck in a corner on all sides from goblins? id say teleport away, but you have a better chance of winning the mega millions lottery 10 weeks in a row than teleporting to a safe location that isnt already covered with enemys. which is kinda funny because they renamed it ""emergency teleport"" but itll get you killed every time."
,Not Recommended,238370,24833389,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Nikachu92,"This game is dull.  My friend and I got it to play together because it sounded like it could be fun; but we were very wrong.The game, at first, seems alright.  The graphics are fine.  Nothing really stands out as being bad.  You go through a tutorial learning how the mechanics work.  Friendly fire is always a fun way to troll your friend (and boy do I like to troll my friend.) And the game is fun for the first couple of chapters.  But then it starts getting repetitive.  It's just you dealing with changing waves of monsters.  Over and over again.  You don't level up.  Your magic doesn't improve.  You don't find better loot.  (I mean, you do find new weapons/robes/staffs but they're not necesarilly stronger; they just may fit your play style better.) So My friend and I played one night together.  It was fun.  We played the next night together and it was still fun at first but by the end of that play session, we were bored of the game.  Only a few hours into the game.The gameplay just isn't unique enough to be fun as is.  It's essentially ""spray magic elements"" at waves of enemies. You can get more advanced with your attacks.  You can put shields on yourself.  You can apply magic to you sword.  There are different combinations of magic you can cast and it can but fun to mess around with.  But it's all temporary.  It gets very tiring of having to recast the same magic over and over again.  There is a hot bar for quick access to some spells, but there should really be a customizable hotbar for your personal combos you like to make.And to be fair, the lousy gameplay would be fine if it at least had a good story.  But it's not a good story.  It tries to be funny but fails.  It's filled with small references to everything but in a way that's just not funny.  More just random than anything.  By the end of our 2nd play session, we were just skipping the dialogue because it was absolutely pointless and a waste of time.So.  Boring gameplay. Dull story.  Terrible jokes.  (and not even the good kind that are still kinda funny like Dad jokes.  just really bad jokes.)  Would not reccomend."
,Not Recommended,238370,24940208,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,ZSST,"This game is not as awesome as Magicka 1, it's focused more heavily on countering damage types, and tends to be more action based, whereas in the first game you just had fun destroying everything in your way, while giving an occasional thought about different elements. This game also doesn't allow split screen unless you have some ex-boks controller, which I don't have, and is fairly punishing if you play alone.I recomennd you to buy the first game instead of this one."
76561198028806546,Not Recommended,238370,16164137,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Dylan-san,"This game feels rushed and underdeveloped. There no longer is a change to the armor that you apply to yourself with rock and shield. The controls are very clunky. They completely removed the ice element all together (the element from mixing water and frost). This game just doesnt play like it used to, if they would have kept the same playstyle and just expanded upon the previous installment i think it would have made for a way better game."
,Not Recommended,238370,16199837,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Tharock1,Lack of content. I'd advise you to buy the first game before you think about playing this one. You will than know what I mean.
,Not Recommended,238370,16401941,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Not a Doctor,This game should not be allowed to stain its predecessor by existing.
76561198027229251,Not Recommended,238370,16349034,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Hexyes,"where to start... well it was short.pros:-i liked the quick cast to a point, but it felt clunky.-liked being able to set my starting gear.-it was funny mostly.cons:-really short, i mean really. a friend and i took every opportunity to kill eachother and we still only took 6 hours.-i know i missed a lot of stuff but it surely felt like there was 1/2 or less of the items from the last game (even disreguarding the expansions)as a whole i feel let down. the puzzles were either really hidden, as in non discript terrain (remember in number one where there was special artwork made to hide every item, and when you found it you got a tingle because you felt like you were some kind of smart for finding it). i remember at one point we wound up just firehosing walls after finding an item in a log that looked exactly like all the rest. the jokes were not as good as the first one. i suppose if you're new to the series this probably wouldn't be considered a bad game. but it's always sad to see a premium first title and a rushed and self referencing second title. so i suppose, for those of you new to the series just go buy number one."
76561198025514155,Not Recommended,238370,16480666,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,S Reaper,"don't bother, get magicka 1"
,Not Recommended,238370,16834683,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Eiggy,If you enjoyed the first one... Stay away.
76561198051961543,Not Recommended,238370,16889565,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Salem,"Do not buy this game. I enjoyed the first magicka a lot and i can´t say the same about this one, it´s like magicka 1, but worse, you should think to buy the original game for you and your friends or magicka´s DLC, or just save the money before getting this game."
,Not Recommended,238370,16219193,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Infallible,Solo is way too hard - my current technique is respawn - deal some damage- resurrect my summonling - die.Magicka 1 is way better.
76561198025433319,Not Recommended,238370,16900730,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Phoenix,"Compared to the first instance of Magicka, Magicka 2 is very disappointing.  While graphics are nice, the gameplay is horrible.For once, controls are more difficult to handle (e.g. once clicked on where to go, it follows through there until clicked elsewhere), which much easier leads to running into enemies or other obstacles as the controls are more indirect.On the other side, and that is the most annoying part, you get into situations where you are locked into a section of a level unable to escape and get uninterruptedly swarmed by enemies while simultaneously having to trigger something in order to leave the area.  This is very frustrating and makes the game impossible to achieve, at least when playing alone.  Not sure, if there are greater odds surviving such menaces with 3-4 players, but the game offers single player mode as well and it should be achievable without resorting to extreme keyboard and mouse-wrecking.  It is meant to be a game afterall.I do not mind challenges, but they should be achievable through normal means.  If required to frequently go through extremes, the game loses appeal and misses its goal.There is a reason games are considered entertainment material.  It should be enjoyable even for the average player.  Putting up impossible odds is sacrificing the game to become work.  For anyone looking for work, I would recommend the nearest work agency.  They will give you work where you even will earn money.ConclusionIf you enjoyed playing Magicka (the first game), do not waste your time and money on this game and stick to the original title.  Much more fun that way."
,Not Recommended,238370,18444701,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,PolyTicks,"I need a paradox account for multiplayer? Is this not 2015?Still waiting to play the game, this review is just for making me create an account. That really pisses me off!edit: Wow, 60% cpu drain when the game is tabbed down in the main menu on an Intel i7 4790K. That is almost impressively bad.I've put some time in the game now, and it's decent, but it feels like a lot more walking between any story elements than there was in the first game..."
76561198162248689,Not Recommended,238370,16015327,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,spikeypsyche,"It would have been nice if the System Requirements for the game mentioned you needed a clickable middle/scroll button to play the game. My laptop doesn't have this, and you can't rebind mouse buttons or keyboard shortcuts, so I have to plug in an external mouse to play this game. It is exceptionally annoying. If I had known a clickable middle/scroll button was needed, I wouldn't have purchased this game!"
,Not Recommended,238370,16107234,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Resetting,"This is the biggest disappointment since Banjo-Kazooie: Nuts & Bolts. And at least that was a good game in its own right. This is just terrible.I was so excited. And it gradually dawned on me that the game had been completely gutted and dumbed down, to the point that it's essentially just running in a circle while an endless wave of crabs is spammed at you, hitting SSSSS shift+MMB (AoE death) over and over and over, healing when appropriate.The game just has not been made with the same love that the first one was,There are hardly any weapons laying around.The element system has been horribly maimed, no more QFQFQFAS or anything like that, like, if you want to electrosteambeam, you just can't.Wanna alt tab out for a second? Too bad, it'll mess up the graphics most of the time when you return.The aiming is way off, your mouse'll be over somethings feet, and it'll be firing the beam way above it. Or you'll be telling them to walk to there, and instead they'll walk off the edge.I am disgusted at the utter lack of quality in this game. Magicka 1 was incredible. There were so many secrets, the levels didn't feel at all repetitive, the story was engaging, this poor excuse for a sequel is nowhere near worthy. I should definitely have checked the reviews before buying this. I trusted Paradox, that wont be happening again. They let a different studio develop this one, instead of being developed by Arrowhead Game Studios, the title was developed by Pieces Interactive.Pieces Interactive, as in they take important pieces of your beloved titles and chuck them in the bin because they can't be bothered.With a bit of work, they could bring it up to par, doing things like adding proper element mixing, fixing the controls, adding a LOT more secrets, adding a LOT more weapons laying around or pickupable around the worlds, and just generally caring about the game they made.Pieces Interactive, F*** ***.Magicka 2 is a waste of money."
76561198055735305,Recommended,238370,25814019,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,undefined,Very good game
,Not Recommended,238370,16100191,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Klkan,"Consolized downgrade of the first game, dying is way to easy , enemies swarm you all the time way to quickly, spell balance is broken, Not to mention this game cant be finished solo because they want you to co-op it. Visuals are bland and some spells are missing, the sound design is ♥♥♥♥ed, the difficulty curve is inconsistent and awful textures to top it all off. want a Magicka game? buy the original and stay away from this, and the card drops dont work for me for some odd reason.Filthy peasent/10 not enough cinematic 30 fps."
76561198056353242,Not Recommended,238370,16090760,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Floating Shopping List,"as much as i love to play magicka 1, magicka 2 is a more hard than the first, the spell casting is difficult and made almost every level impossible to play in single player. please developers update everything in this game."
,Not Recommended,238370,16042835,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Sekkuar666,"Alright, I've played more of this game and changed my mind.This game is VERY frustrating.Yes, I have been playing by myself, I know most of the fun is by playing coop,still, the first Magicka was still very fun even if played by yourself.This one however is just frustrating.Enemies are way too fast, they just storm at you, you need to hit each with different spells and protect yourself with different wards for each of the 5 different types of enemies on screen.It is actually a huge mess.This game is just like wizard wars: A frustrating game where you have no time to breath and have to keep running and spamming all kinds of spells every second but will fail anyway even if you do so.Also, the controls suck, and I still haven't figured how the artifacts engine works, and you have a very little arsenal of magicks which turns the game boring.In the first game, you had a set number of magicks which would be acquired by finding the book or by completing a level. This one seems to give you specific magicks only on specific parts of the history, which is lame."
,Recommended,238370,28886203,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,angry man,no u
76561198125080938,Not Recommended,238370,33417224,Posted: 9 July,all,Pionix,"Money grab game with dlc's.It's campaign is much shorter than the first game and at the end you will be like ""so what?"".No good story.Game's end looks like that developers make this game hastily.Only good side of the game is its more balanced than first game.Controller controlls are improved.But thats it."
,Recommended,238370,16018245,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Mertaan Dinosaur,"Magicka 2!PROS:- Spellcasting is awesome- Hilarious voice-acting & story- Unlocking robes, colours, weapons, staffs is far more rewarding than buying DLC (Magicka 1).- DUNKA DUNKACONS:- No serverbrowser, which is just plain stupid.Verdict:8/10. Put on your robe and your Wizard hat again, it's far better than Magicka 1 was at launch."
,Not Recommended,238370,16090085,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Coven,"Put simply, it's Magicka if Magicka wasn't Magicka.The form is recognisable, many of the design elements familiar, but so much of the charm, pacing, OTT-fun and even narrative of the first game seems completely absent. It's not frantic, it's not intuitive, it's not hilarious. It's sluggish and balanced with no semblance of character and cheap references that go on too long or seem too random. Playing through this with friends, I was recording, and the first laugh we had was 49 minutes in. 49 minutes of play without a single giggle, in a Magicka game, where the first time the player uses their powers they should die horribly and unexpectedly. It seems like every little alteration to the game was made by chopping out or simplifying one of the things that gave the first game its unique character and it really, really shows. This is a smooth, balanced game, devoid of joy or absurdity and too invested in keeping itself streamlined to immerse you for more than a few seconds at a time (unfortunately, I'm not exaggerating there).It's ok, sure. Perhaps not to everyone's tastes, but definitely worth £11. It's just not a good Magicka sequel, and if you enjoyed the first one at all, you will almost certainly be heartbroken by this. I wish I could use a weaker word, but honestly, it's 100% appropriate.Defining moment so far was hearing the Magicka end-of-level tune for the first time amid all the new tracks, and the first words on our Skype call were ""you have not earned the right to that music""."
,Not Recommended,238370,16566520,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Linker,"This game is great don't get me wrong, but...Magicka 1 is just better and cheaper."
,Not Recommended,238370,16090867,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Joelo,play the first magicka and you will actually have fun... this game seriously fell short of my expectations given how good magicka 1 was.
76561198026771625,Not Recommended,238370,28455675,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,nyarlathotep5,weeeell it could be really fun but it is buggy af
,Recommended,238370,16021437,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,BomiBoogie,"As a player of the first Magicka, with local coop in focus, I am really glad that they simplified the game and the controls to be suitable for gamepads as well.I know hardcore fans of the 1st game will argue that there is less variation in spells, but I totally see the developers intention to make a more accessible game, to make it more appealing to a casual audience (including me).I don't really understand the bad reviews, here are a few points:- less spell combinations? sure, but in exchange, the learning curve is not that steep- short campaign for some? sure, but there are challenge maps, trials, and a lot of DLC to come! If you are an early adopter, you should wait for these instead of complaining!- the graphics are a lot more crispier than in the first game, that's a huge + for me, it is really 60 FPS, and you don't even have to own a power plant- the humour is great, friendly fire is always funAs one commenter on the forums said:""Nevertheless it's still a decent game and people who haven't played the original Magicka won't notice any of these issues.""Absolutely true, don't be afraid to play, give this one a chance, it's only 15 EUR for full price."
76561198209964408,Recommended,238370,32675264,Posted: 23 June,all,I WILL FIST YOUR MOM,become the element master!!!pro's+too many combinations to learn+decent story+good co-op+super hard dificulties+good replayabilitycon'si cant think of any-------play it whit a friend to have maximum fun. worth the money :D
,Not Recommended,238370,16304870,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Captain,"This was genuinely terrible. The controls are horrendous, the jokes have lost any rule humour and above all;I no longer found it fun to kill my teammates.It's like they took Magicka Wizard Wars, and actively tried to make it worse."
,Recommended,238370,16068311,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,droki,"Great game, nice balance changes, anyone complaining is a full on lightningsteambeam pleb who cant go through the game without oneshotting anything. Plenty-o memes for the youth.gg paradox"
,Not Recommended,238370,18281740,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Salmarikeisari,"If you are a fan of Magicka 1 then for the sake of god please don't buy this before it gets more content, you can play through main game in 5 hours when compared to Magicka 1 10 hours."
76561198004783762,Not Recommended,238370,16108367,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,^3=S3XY=^0 SCV,Its sad to see how the greatness of magicka 1 was destroyed by magicka 2.I wont say the game is no fun because it is fun but the lack of spells is awfull the fun thing about magicka was having so many variety of spells and special spells now you just have like 10 spells over all LAME.
,Not Recommended,238370,16130082,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Bletotum,"This game is VERY short. Magicka 1 is thrice the length of this game. When the credits appeared, I thought it was a joke, but it wasn't. The story feels half baked and unfinished.Way fewer spells than Magicka 1. Way fewer weapons.Much simpler maps, which all look about the same, unlike Magicka 1's INTERESTING and diverse maps and bosses (this game has no actual bosses except the end boss).The magic mechanics are simplified in this game; no combining elements within the casting bar such as steam being a single icon.It's like they saw how uninterested the community was in Wizard Wars and decided to scrap together some maps and call it Magicka 2.I also got kicked from singleplayer for my internet connection going out. Do not buy."
,Recommended,238370,28387445,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Huego the SaladGod,any game that your able to kill your friends is good for me 1000/10
,Recommended,238370,29434328,Posted: 22 January,all,Player 1 (tr),"WOW this game is crazy fun! so many combinations, so many spells!"
,Not Recommended,238370,25171679,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,20k,"Low enemy variety, extremely boring. I don't mind at all about the spell system (its bascially the same with a few tweaks), but the actual content is very lackluster. I finished the campaign in a short 4 hours with a friend, and there's little replay value due to the very samey gameplay"
,Recommended,238370,21042908,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,NasiPuti,Fun game concept but definitely best played with friends.
,Not Recommended,238370,30754935,Posted: 26 March,all,Reboot,"♥♥♥♥♥♥ halfass developed game. Can't play in Ultrawide settings, can't rebind keys when using controllers."
76561198044349951,Not Recommended,238370,16102200,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Theox,Third party account necessary. Don't you ever learn anything ?
76561197976729277,Recommended,238370,16876398,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Telimaktar,"Wow, so this is the first Magicka I've played. If I'd known there was a game that allows you to be a super powerful mage I'd have played the first game already.  Having a blast in coop. This is the kind of control I enjoy having.Really highly recommended.There are a lot of players from the first game who are disappointed and have given this a love score, please do not be dissuaded from purchasing this game."
,Not Recommended,238370,16087924,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,life is a crit rocket,"It's the same ham-fisted approach to balancing that made Diablo 3 one of the shortest-lived online RPGs.Games shouldn't be designed like this. It never works when the player is balanced; it's only fun when the game is balanced around an OP player.They've removed steam and ice elements, which means that for each kind of projectile, there are only two-three combos to make. It's ridiculously watered-down. There's nothing to learn. You can hardly even kill yourself in this game.Completely misses the mark; doesn't understand what made the original game so much fun."
,Not Recommended,238370,18082485,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Lahm of Fÿrdlund,Great humour. Unfortunately the amount of spellcasting freedom is woeful in comparison to the first Magicka game.Gameplay was too similar to Wizard Wars. Shameful display.
,Not Recommended,238370,16058530,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Blemgo™,It's not fun anymore. It's just room after room of battles against waves of bad dudes. Really disappointed.
76561197993698855,Not Recommended,238370,16070728,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,sirbacon,"This game is so much worse than it's predecessor. The difficulty when even trying to play this alone is insane, often there's only exactly one way to tackle multiple enemies.So disappointed."
,Recommended,238370,23018882,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,ceri,awesome!
76561198073731642,Recommended,238370,16033168,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,mumuyj,great game
76561198284942052,Recommended,238370,29991714,Posted: 17 February,all,✪TMs✪,really bettest game ever what can be
76561198052714222,Not Recommended,238370,19375700,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Phytophyte,"---Addendum---It's been a while since I've played Magicka 2 last...and I've played it less than thirty hours...I guess I lost interest in Magicka 2 really fast. That caught me by surprise.As it turns out, I had applauded Magicka 2 for making experimental spellcasting more enticing by removing power-combos, but in reality experimental spellcasting had actually been made less viable in Magicka 2 than it was in Magicka. Enemies are simply too aggressive; they descend on players too fast to make anything but the most efficient and effective spell combos have sufficient impact. This is especially true on anything higher than normal difficulty, when enemy health regeneration comes into effect -- they're either killed instantly or recover as the next spell is prepared.Perhaps even more greviously, enemy variety is simply poor. A grand majority of the enemies you'll fight will be the same type you fight for the entire level. On top of that, enemy types are also recycled over several levels. Enemies are tiresome to face instead of exciting, and that's never a good sign for a game.Combine those two together, and the game becomes a chore after one, maybe two playthroughs.Maybe DLC is worth it, but...I'm changing my recommendation.---Original Review---This game gets mixed reviews for good reason. It is, in general, a very good game, but the changes made going into Magicka 2 ended up cannibalizing some of the things that made the original Magicka so unique and popular in the first place.For veterans of Magicka, there's two big differences between the first game and Magicka 2: Magicka 2 is faster paced, and balanced. Enemies move faster, close in from more angles, and tank more damage. Magicks have a cooldown (yes, even when using the elemental combination instead of the new quick-cast), and the power spells from Magicka don't have the oompf they had anymore. In return, we, the wizards, are also made far more mobile -- we can move while sustaining spells, and none of the magicks lock us in place for several seconds. The days of sitting in one spot and spamming awesome magicks like Lightning Bolt stay in the first Magicka.To some people -- myself included -- this was actually a very good development. I really, really liked the spellcasting mechanics from Magicka, and I liked calling up different elements and experimenting with combinations. However, I found it discouraging that certain combinations (steam + steam + arcane + lightning + lightning) were clearly overpowered and could sweep through the entire game. The new balance in Magicka 2 makes most all spell combos powerful in one area, but near-useless in others. It rewards players who experiment frequently -- I like that.However, the Ying-to-the-Yang here is that, a lot of the charm of Magicka was how absurdly powerful we were as wizards. Enemies did piddling damage, and died quicker and in greater numbers than we did; there were few points in the game, aside from boss battles, where AI enemies were legitimate threats. Rather, Magicka was balanced around how spells didn't discriminate between caster and target, and killing ourselves was just as easy. Heck, that was the biggest defining feature of Magicka -- the biggest threat is ourselves and our friends. That's gone; in Magicka 2, enemies don't just die helplessly in waves anymore. They're dangerous from the early chapters, and will kill us just as easily as ourselves. Some people might enjoy the extra challenge, but I'm sure as many people enjoyed the juxtaposition between ourselves and the mostly-harmless world of Magicka.Also, yes, Magicka 2 isn't nearly as funny as the original. The land of Midgard in Magicka 2 lacks any of the special details that Magicka so lovingly put in -- tongue-in-cheek humor is replaced by straight-faced presentation, and subtle nods to pop-culture are replaced with blatant ""Hay i maed a jok e"" attempts at references. Top that off with how the balanced spell system prevents those crazy, outlandish moments that only a backfiring uber-spell (or a bug) can provide. The humor in Magicka 2 took a definite hit, and unlike the spell balance, there wasn't really a trade-off -- it's just lesser.Another thing of worthwhile note, is that currently (Late November 2015), the number and range of effects from robes, staves, and weapons is minimal. This might change later with DLC, but right now, all the special stat effects are at tame, safe levels.In the end, then, Magicka 2 comes down to the spellcasting mechanic. If you liked its potential in Magicka, you'll probably love the work done to expand spellcasting in Magicka 2. If it was rather the laugh-out-loud moments that kept you playing Magicka, either through the satirical humor or the variety of absurd baubles and booms...I would wager that, yes, you will end up being disappointed.Myself, I do enjoy Magicka 2. Even in single-player, I found Magicka's unique spellcasting system too much fun, and the enhanced balance in Magicka 2 gives me even more reason to play around with it some more."
,Not Recommended,238370,25667567,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Major Price,"Most ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game I have even seen, in magicka 1, you feel like are arch wizard, now you feel like a fool. Now all magicka in games have a 3 second Cooldown, all magica is nerfed. Thunder bolt 5000 damage per time? No, you experience one shoot kill a giant any more. QRQRQRQRD super ice ball with 10000 damage? only in your day dream, it is not a PVP game and those ♥♥♥♥ing guys try to make it balance rather than fun, well, a group of genius, isn't ?.The endfight is even stupid, asking you to ticking the ball to the edge of the map, however, once the boss touch the ball, you have to try again, the ball usually drop near the boss, so....and also try not to die. really funny, rigth? It is wise to use tens of EUR/Dollars to purchase a game for ticking ball, right?"
76561198041437651,Not Recommended,238370,29127046,Posted: 8 January,all,Valentin,I can not even figure out the basics of this game or the controller bindings are♥♥♥♥♥♥ I can not play it. So I can not recommend it.
,Not Recommended,238370,32488023,Posted: 16 June,all,Sonorian,"If you want to spend 15 dollars, spend it on the original. And you'll save 5 bucks.First of all, in this game, you can have infinite lives by spammingw+a+space. This removes all semblace to fun/difficulty that it might have once had.Also, they renamed arcane to death.The graphics aren't particularly better, and all of the ironic humor from the first game is replaced with cheesy attempts at comedy.Thank you gaben for allowing refunds."
,Recommended,238370,31052074,Posted: 9 April,all,SpeDiaX,swag
,Not Recommended,238370,20198156,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,unc0nn3ct3d,Bad game design decisions on top of bad game design decisions makes for a wretched gameplay experience that's a combination of luck and chaos
,Recommended,238370,16014729,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,NBK-Bachmann,"Magicka was a great game(besides unable to beat the final boss at first, as the game kept crashing) and so far Magicka 2 its going to be as fun, but limited. Things I like, the Magicka quick bar, customization of your Wizard, Wizard comedy, secret 'rooms' and the new movement mechanic. Things I don't like is that the old precedence of elements is no more, I use to Use Rasa (cold+lightning+Arcane) alot and shout it out every time, disturbing my neighbors in process. It use to be that any spray typed element (including steam and lightning) was used with Arcane/Life (and without earth or shield) it would create a beam effect spell, now rasa has a lightning effect, sort of destroyed my signature move. Another thing i don't like about the  new spell mechanic is that when you are making steam, fire and water don't collapse into one icon, and really limits  the number of spells you can do. You can't do Lightning and steam/ice anymore, i think the longest spell in magicka was 10 elements (if u did steam or ice 5 times) now in magicka 2 at most its 5 of anything and if we tried to emulate the 10 element limit from previously at most you could only make 2 steams and one other element that isnt lightning/cold. The last thing is that dry casting no longer pushes, i know they have created the push Magicka to replace it and its on your quickbar, but there's a time limit between uses, probably to make it unspammable although before u had to charge it up for it to be any bit effective.(although now i think about it still may knock enemies down), but the absence of it feels like a phantom limb, or a gun without bullets, and missing the option of still throwing the gun at someone. I still haven't tested if you can recharge shields still, but i would think so.Its still a good game and I'll just have find a new signature move(or complain long enough for them to bring back the old system), and maybe get over the lack of spam pushing people or the ability to do so, but the limited spells you can do is dangerously close in becoming a nail in the coffin ;p I don't know if that choice was from Wizard wars to balance PVP, but Magicka 2 isn't sole PVP and old system should be brought back, although i can find a way to explain it in story, that magick as well the wizards have faltered from the times of Magicka, but it still feels like a copout. I still think the new additions of quickbar for magicks and the ability to move and cast as well as the others things i mentioned that i like are good additions to the game, and somewhat negate the minor negatives. I still expect and sense a great story and humor to come so i will give Magicka 28/10 - the spell system just knocked this down for me, and I thought it was just part of the Sneak peak demo and would have changed by releaseWell back to playing for me"
76561198090812259,Recommended,238370,23753287,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Zombie,Darp♥♥♥♥♥hell
76561198033780990,Not Recommended,238370,29484030,Posted: 25 January,all,VovanOFP,Buggy♥♥♥♥♥♥ Plus you can't play online without paradox account.
,Recommended,238370,23901697,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Humble Helicopter Merchant,This game is hilarious
,Not Recommended,238370,20719298,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Pointan,This game was very enjoyable for the hour it took to completely finish all of the content present in the release build. Not worth the $15 at all.
,Recommended,238370,26443054,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Zephroze,"Not enough people to play multiplayer, which is the only fun aspect of the game"
76561198257009822,Not Recommended,238370,34424268,Posted: 22 August,all,Sansirow,Magicka 1 is far better. Reasons? - Magicka 1 é muito melhor. Razões?MagickaPROScampaign - modo históriagraphics (opinion) - gráficoshistory - a história em siCONSmultiplayer ( no one else playing it :c ) - ( ninguem mais joga :c )RIP MMW.Magicka 2PROSIs a beautiful game and have a bright future - É um jogo bonito e tem futuroIt's pretty original and funny - É original e muito engraçadoCONSbugshistory - IT SUX - História - É UM LIXO
76561198027912169,Recommended,238370,24839767,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,GayErik,I finished this game in 8 hours.
,Not Recommended,238370,22632845,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Demondev,"For full price? This game is a ripoff.50% off? Still feels like a ripoff, but not as bad.Why? 1 word. SHORT. Beat the game in about 4 hours, and I had paid $8 for the deluxe edition on a sale. DEFINATELY was not worth that price, to me at least. This feels more like a $3 DLC than an actual game. And they want to charge me MORE money for DLC on top of what should be a DLC?The ONLY positive things I have to say about this are the graphics are improved, and people say the multiplayer actually works. I wouldn't know about that, though, since none of my friends have the game installed, nor do they want to play this anymore.Shame on you, Padadox Interactive, shame!"
,Not Recommended,238370,30356266,Posted: 6 March,all,⎛⎝ฅ^•ﻌ•^ฅ⎠⎞,邮箱注册完然后叫我创建名字，我按个退格键就TM把我未完成的名字创建完成了（连名字再次确认提示都没有！！而且还TM不能改了！！！），我只能说我了个去....买了都没心情玩了...买了两个月才开始玩，就因为这名字改不了都不想碰了，想退款都不行，游戏内容完全没玩过所以不对游戏本体做评价，差评只针对该死的名字命名系统！！
76561198068434164,Not Recommended,238370,16120399,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Pinkie,Unfair. You can waist you time fighting someone only to be thrown in abyss by attack you cannot see. Upon respawn be thrown in the swarm of mobs only to be be thrown\killed again. This scenerio repeat again and again making playing this game a rage quest. Worst 3 hours of my time.
76561197992266648,Not Recommended,238370,16153692,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Apparition,Horrible disappointment with extra DRM and not enough sausages to make up for it.
,Not Recommended,238370,16620212,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Thingolus,Inferior to magicka 1 and not even the dank memes can rescue this one
76561198126886510,Not Recommended,238370,18413875,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Dragonrendar,"Nope, Nope and Nope again.I like the concept of the game but it just doesn't excite me,I found it to be repetative and boring and after an hour or 2 in the game,I couldnt take it anymore the only thing that kept me going,was the occasional gag from Vlad."
,Not Recommended,238370,16183542,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,[A]nus,"If you played Magicka1 before, you will feel the disappointment in the game, I feel that the developers should do some changes to the gameplay especially the spell combinations. Previously was over-powered but it is fun to see how you can pull off with difficult combinations.Overall was disappointing."
76561198046765275,Not Recommended,238370,17301198,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Microsoft PowerPoint,"+ Pretty+ New spells+ Magicka fun with friends- Not as fun as Magicka 1 imho.- Too much repetition (see below)- Combat fatigue?? Getting somewhat tiresome to fight one mob, walk 10 meters, watch a cutscene, fight another mob, walk 10 meters, cutscene, another mob...- No puzzles if you don't count the ""beam this spot"" kind of ""puzzles"".Overall I have to say nope. Not recommended if you expect another Magicka 1 cause this just aint it."
76561198083282136,Not Recommended,238370,17048520,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Generalissimus Joseph Stalin,"As a Mildly Powerful Wizard, You can do many things! Like run from enemys that take after you like sonic. Or cast a single spell that kills 3 enemys before you are snapped in half like a twig. Enjoy your rock armour that falls off after being hit by a sorry excuse for a sword. Enjoy the new 2 for the price of 2 deal! Where you can't combine elements anymore. With your slighty above average witt and your all-powerful Tickle spells, you can fight headcrabs from Half-Life and Willy Wonka's slaves in this sequal! That's right, obviously by the title this is the sequal of Magicka: Wizard Wars, Duh."
,Not Recommended,238370,18436497,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Star Killer,"Hard to find servers, and however this game is not as half as good as magicka 1"
76561198082511495,Not Recommended,238370,16083837,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Sparkle,bu oyunda emeği geçen arkadaşların arkadaşlarına ve ailelerine magickadaki lok meteor atsın inşallah bu ne saçma oyundur ya !
76561198021571230,Not Recommended,238370,16128392,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,painmongr,"Pain gives this game an eh/10. All the technical aspects of the game have worked fine for me with the exception of alt+tab crashing it. the story line is also nice, it made me laugh a few times, but it wasnt bad. But game play wise, it just doesn't feel as fun as it should be. Spell casting should be the most fun part of this game, but tbh it feels clunky, dumbed down and the spells themselves dont feel like they have much weight behind them, specifically charge spells and the earth element.  Most of the time while actually using the earth element i found myself not being sure if the charge was done before i got fire it. Which brings me to another point, charge times for spells are ridiculously long. This also goes for the AOE spells, as even fully powered up the area they affect doesn't grow, it just stays the same and does a little bit more damage than a smaller spell would have. The only magick that has a decent AOE range is lightning, but thats just because it jumps from target to target. Ice and water combo spells also felt pretty useless for most of the game, as when you freeze an enemy, you cant damage them, making it feel like a waste of time to use. On a more positive note, healing is REALLY useful now, as you can move and heal yourself at the same time.  And a personal gripe, the lightning beam and the push from the first game are gone and it makes me sad. Also with the charge push element being gone and being made into a spell, getting large groups of enemys away from you is MUCH harder, if not near impossible without the use of water aoe, as the knockdown from the earth element aoe isnt as strong as it once was, and is pretty much useless. Also the Artifacts are a bit of a letdown. They dont really change much about the game aside from making it harder or changing how the faeries work.TL;DR: FEELS LIKE THEY TRIED TO MAKE A DIABLO STYLE GAME FROM A MOBA AND DIDNT TAKE INTO ACCOUNT THE DIFFERENCES"
,Not Recommended,238370,16271995,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Pinhead Larry,Really disapointed with this game. I really wanted this game to have the variety of spell combos as the first. I just hope they add more spells to this game.
,Not Recommended,238370,16141633,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Silly Goose,i wish i could refund this....
76561198036153337,Not Recommended,238370,16355517,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,2koi4skewl,I personaly think that the game is far to glitchy and needs to be suited more towards the PC. I boughtthis game hopping that it would be like the original I was saddly mistaken although I would of enjoyed this game if it was better on PC
,Recommended,238370,16014917,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,CommissarBRO,"Video Review and Impressions:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AyIkvkmdsqAI loved the original Magicka and Wizard Wars was pretty good for a MOBA and they both had unique game styles in terms of spell casting and control. Although, WW felt like it dumbed down the spell variety considerably compared to the base game of Magicka. This game tries to simplify (I think) the gameplay from the first and it ends up feeling like a mix of Wizard Wars and Magicka's playstyles. There are definitely improvements, for example, the more responsive middle mouse button but it still doesn't feel better than the first game's controls. Oh and it sucks that you can't combine to make ICE anymore. It's cool that you can move while casting now which makes soloing the game easier but the movement can feel really floaty at times or that your character is sliding around on ice so again it doesn't feel as good as the original. It seems they tried waaay too hard to cater to the console crowd.However, despite these complaints. I believe the game stands up on it's own and is still a great game. Honestly, it feels a so different from the first one, it's hard to really compare it indefinitely to the original. The humor is still humorous, the story is still good, and there are plenty of outfits and unlockables to be found throughout the game... Seriously, I can't get over how much there is to find in the game... from one liners and pop culture references just as hilarious as you would expect and new weapons and staffs dot every single chapter I've played so far.  Another nice touch, is the Artwork for every cutscene and the improved graphics... not that the other games were ever lacking in that department.All in all, I definitely recommend this game and can already see how much fun it's going to be playing with friends. Now I've gonna go blow up some Yellow Wizards."
,Recommended,238370,29945878,Posted: 15 February,all,GNU/Linux,"I am not one of those who buy a game, play 1-5 hours and squash a review. Curse them.I am also not one of those who write reviews containing bunches of pros/cons. Curse me.It just hurts my eyes to see this sad ""very positive"" on a MAGICKA game."
,Recommended,238370,16016494,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Anaxedrike,"Nice game, I wonder if there is a Health or Stamina game."
76561198116028335,Not Recommended,238370,32319561,Posted: 10 June,all,Slothmagnet,"The final boss is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, pulling you into an autokill move that you cant avoid."
76561198047615820,Recommended,238370,23926401,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Alluensse,hieno peli vaikkakin lyhyt mutta mitä mahtavin peli suututtaa kaverit :)
,Recommended,238370,16017798,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Serathis[HUN],"Yes, its buggy but OMFG I can't stop laughing."
76561198024915332,Recommended,238370,20522915,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Urubs,my gameplay:#1 started game#2 game crashed#3 game crashed again#4 got to main menu#5 spent like 5 hours learning how to play this game#6 joined a multiplayer game#7-#20 got tked over and over#21 finally reached the boss wit my team#22♥♥♥♥♥♥BLYAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAT and evryone left#23 i was left alone to fight boss winch i cried and faped too at the same time#24-69 kept on dying#70 rage quited#71 unistalled the game#72 shot myself in the head with toy gun#73 i gave up on school and life10/10 would get tked again
,Recommended,238370,23314401,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Toni980,░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▄░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀░█░░░░░░░░░████▄▄▄▀░░▀▀▀▀▄░░░░░████░░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░████░░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░████▄▄▄░░░░░░░█░░░░░▀▀▀▀░░░▀▀▀▀▀▀▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░
76561198081057656,Not Recommended,238370,30297494,Posted: 3 March,all,Decadent Plátano,"If you hope for better stability and performance than magicka 1 had, you in the wrong place. It's all about graphic and earing money. Another fu** up."
,Recommended,238370,21794234,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Doktor Mandrake,"Just as good as Magicka 1, sadly there is less content though, but the engine is far more stable, and the improvements to the mechanics are a welcomed edition, they were also very quick to fix peoples biggest gripe with this game (by re-adding steam and ice, while also giving us poison, an entire new element!)Here's to hoping they bring us expansions like M1 had, as good as Magicka 1 is, it's not aged very well"
76561198039117966,Recommended,238370,16016761,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Mackan,"Gameplay is similar enough to the first game, if you liked it you'll be fine unless you can't stand a few modifications. Mainly improvements anyway, except perhaps the storyline."
76561198046016925,Recommended,238370,16014907,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Behrensius,"You can shield yourself with death, then drop death bombs on yourself and enemies, simultaneously healing yourself and annihilating the enemies.10/7.5"
76561198071417934,Recommended,238370,16018097,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,ZeroAimer,"I don't understand that negative comments.I think that the game is great.The game is full of fun and jokes. Plus the way your party suddenly dies, because of some crazy spell combo is just hilarious.Online works like a charm. I was expecting some technical errors/not working servers, but nothing of that happend. Just select chapter, click join and you get within 5 second into game with some other people. However I can't imagine playing it solo, it's pretty hard to solo. In party of 2 the fun really begins a when you play with 3 or 4 people, it's just great fun. No lags, no stutters, just great experience.The graphics looks great. Nice effects, beautiful and different zones. I don't know what are some talking about ""not optimalized"" and other nonsense, but with my i5 4460 and 750Ti I got the game nice and smooth 60fps all on best settings.There is a lot of replayability because of the artifacts and also there are ""challenge missions"".Yep, there is no option to change key bindings, however the binds are just OK and 99% of people won't have any problems with it.For that 15€, it's really nice price for a game like this."
76561197997093844,Not Recommended,238370,18319387,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,wehr,I love Magika 1 but Magika 2 is way way to hard for a solo player. They need to either give the game intellegent scaling for single players or simply make it multi player only.  Its really too bad as it is a fun and different game. Unfortunately I'll never be able to enjoy 90 percent of it unless they fix this issue. ......... Please Please FIX MAGIKA 2 for us single players.
76561198026789970,Recommended,238370,16018399,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Cangika,Good old magicka with better graphics! And a lot of fun :D
,Not Recommended,238370,32363251,Posted: 12 June,all,sykes,You shut Wizard Wars down for this rubbish?
76561198023087281,Recommended,238370,16014357,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,harmony,i love magicka 2 i waited a long time but now i know its by far my favorite gamethe enemy's are so hard its fun even on normal they are almost impossible but i recommend buya copy for your friend or get a xbox controller because it is impossible on solo (that is not a joke)so have fun on MAGICKA 2!!!!!!
76561198062361395,Recommended,238370,16021286,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Icegrim,"I understand the game is being a bit of a let down to people, I've experience it myself first hand, but there is potentially room for improvement (should Paradox be kind enough). There are a few things, however, that stick out like a sore thumb.First: MovementThe mouse controls in the first game were fantastic and allowed the player to move about easier. They also felt really grounded and not like your trying to run on an ice skating rink. The new controls have a really mmo feel; you click and your character moves there. I guess some people might like that, but after playing the heck out of the first I can't work with that. I've died many time simply from walking into a spell due to my character finishing up their movement. This brings us to the next issue:Second: DifficultyMagicka 1 was hard. It was hard but still fun, kinda like how Dark Souls is punishing as heck, but still manages to lure people back again. Magicka 2 kinda pulls a cheap knife to the gut when your sitting drinking cocoa. It's not cool. The situation can go from 3 enemies to ""Oh Jesus my game is moving at two frames-per-second there are so many enemies"". This makes the single player kind of tedious, and for a game built around both single and multiplayer this is a really big drawback.Third: SpellsEverything is still there... kind of. Arcane is now called death. I guess that makes sense, takes away from the wizardy feel though, as we as the change of how some of the spells work; Arcane lightning is now a splash attack instead of a beam, and rocks now need unnaturally large amounts of charge to go nowhere. And now there's a quickcast feature that removes the fun(?) of memorizing spells and belting them out as fast as you could type.All in all, Paradox has essentially handed us Wizard Wars with a story mode. Most of us payed for Magicka the sequal, better graphics and new story edition, not mmo/moba wizard style. So if you have no want for something like what I've stated you might as well leave, but hey everyone else who wants to hop on the hope train we have plenty of seats open. I'm betting Paradox will see all these reviews and fix up some of the stuff vexing the fans, and make the game the masterpiece it was meant to be. That's why I'm going to go ahead and thumbs it up anyways. Yeah, Hope!P.S. Casting ice on water is broken and makes you bounce around like a trampoline, fix this please it makes some of the areas unexplorable."
76561198048634325,Recommended,238370,16021385,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,monkeyreaper1,"Controls are slightly different from magicka 1, should take you about 5 minutes to adjust and no longer notice it, you have the option of using the magick system from magicka 1 or from wizard wars or using a pleasant combination of both. the overpowered steam lightning combo is gone meaning you actually have options for what spells to cast instead of only that stupid death beam.almost all negative reviews are either based of incorrect information or people complaining they can't steam lightning any more. the game is good, slightly different from magicka 1 but if you enjoyed the first magicka, you should enjoy this one.other complaints are difficulty of single player, i have thus far encountered little to no difficulty up to and including the last boss. as mentioned before you just have to get it out of your head that you only need to use one spell."
76561198055387794,Recommended,238370,34353106,Posted: 19 August,all,Great Uncle Zane,SAPRENDUR10/10 would Vlad Again
,Not Recommended,238370,29503664,Posted: 26 January,all,ShadowBong,what the... first game was %1000 better
76561198132801931,Not Recommended,238370,33193369,Posted: 3 July,all,Dziku,"Game might be great, but controls are so difficult! In comparison with Magicka ""1"" controls here are totally chaotic!"
76561198045451169,Recommended,238370,16033758,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Bone Hurting Juice,"The first game was like an amazing pepperjack mac n' cheese meal with chopped up peppers and other spices and it was amazing. Wizard wars was like some Kraft knock off that i didn't bother with. And Magicka 2 is like the same pepperjack mac n' cheese but put in a fridge for 2 days and hastly reheated in a microwave in order to relive that amazing feeling of yummyiness. All in all this game was "" Eh """
76561198081450332,Not Recommended,238370,18173031,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Iso Koala,"Magicka 2 is a very fun game, but still one I cannot recommend.  Why? Simply because Magicka 1 is so much better.I am not hating any of the design choices in Magicka 2, and I like the new graphics, new controls, new everything. The problem is that there is hardly anything really new. This feels more like a remake of Magicka 1 than a sequel. You use the same spells and face same enemies as you did in Magicka 1. Except that there was 2-3x more of everything in Magicka 1... The variation in stages is lacking in 2 too, you mostly see fantasy forests and few small fantasy towns, when in Magicka 1 you go through all kinds of environments and face all sort of bosses.Magicka 2 is also overly balanced imho. You dont need to think about wacky spell combinations, as pretty much everything does the same damage. You just use the basic spells and if enemy is immune to it, you use another basic spell instead. It doesnt encourage you to use harder combos like Magicka 1 did.Anyway, the game is fun, but besides graphics I would call this Magicka 1 and Magicka 1 should be called 2."
,Not Recommended,238370,16099649,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Thor,"The combat system in this game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ Bring back the system from Magicka 1 where it is purely skill based. This cooldown system is♥♥♥♥♥♥ the hotbar system is♥♥♥♥♥♥ overall, the game will be♥♥♥♥♥♥until you fix this. I don't care how much cool♥♥♥♥♥♥you add or equipment."
,Recommended,238370,16020150,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Evil Zero,"Has angry, burning crabs. 10/10"
,Recommended,238370,31090064,Posted: 11 April,all,Satellite,>Blew my friend to the cliff>Revived him>Blew him again10/10
76561197989175348,Not Recommended,238370,26303373,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Purky,Controls spoil the game as they are far to complex for this type of game
76561198063624929,Not Recommended,238370,22804099,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Frost E. Bear,"Worst controls EVER! Not only is casting a spell awkward, moving around is near impossible. I click for the guy to go straight and he falls into a bottomless pit on the left. The game crashes if too much happens on screen, and a lot of♥♥♥♥♥♥will happen on scree, so you'll have to restart the entire level all over. Then the enemies get the ability to grab you the second you revive and throw you OFF SCREEN WHERE YOU INSTANTLY DIE! I was willing to tolerate the horrible controls but when I have to restart the game, deal with ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t enemies, and dialog that can only be understood through subtitles wrapped up in a story that's basically a bad comedy just pisses me off.Save yourself from a headache and avoid this thing."
,Recommended,238370,23911366,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,xd,Just spam spells dude
76561198041739345,Not Recommended,238370,29570838,Posted: 29 January,all,A Mountain Goat,"GöranI watch the birds, but who watches the birdwatchers????Soon..."
76561198062596962,Recommended,238370,16021411,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Mikzon,Pros: great looking and funny game.Cons: No keybindings at ALL.6/10they fixed it 7/10
76561198228249908,Not Recommended,238370,19449230,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,QManRules,"Graphics are terrible, controls are annoying, and you need a third party account for multiplayer. Get it on PS4 instead."
76561197997555766,Not Recommended,238370,24915233,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Your credit card information plz,NO NO NO NO NO NOIT'S TRASHWORSE THAN THE TRASHMANIT'S GARBAGEGameplay sucks now.Comedy was kicked out the window and then brought back in with all the glass shard left inside it.Fun was just burned at the stake along with creative freedom.Don't buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Replay magicka 1. Mod it if you have to.
,Not Recommended,238370,20952561,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Orii7,It's a carppy rushed version of the first game with worse jokes than a drunk clown at a birthday party would make.
,Not Recommended,238370,35220106,Posted: 26 September,all,aandahliansyah,This game cannot play 21:9 resolution. Verry Verry unhappy...... Monitor just a tool like keyboard man... not device for cheat...
,Not Recommended,238370,16147815,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Valkillmore,"I tried playing this with my wife and the game is too difficult.  Not in a sense of combining spells and remembering when to use them, but in a sense of one shot deaths and game over screens because of multiple bombers, very little room and slow movement to avoid them.  Give us more deaths before the game over screen and give us more health and less mob damage on your easier setting.   It became too frustrating and now I'm left to play this myself, but I don't want to for those same reasons.  I really want to like this game.Love the graphics, humor, gameplay.Hate that easy is hard, menu is lacking, matchmaking is confusing, many times there will be no sound fx just musicNOT a casual game.  I don't care if you dont like my review either."
76561198107131077,Recommended,238370,29551996,Posted: 28 January,all,Grandulf Tha Gruy Wazzurd,69/420 is pirtty hard to play but gets easier the more you play it
,Not Recommended,238370,16013952,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,RegalGoat,Absolutely loved the first and have been playing it a tonne with my mates. Magicka 2 has literally gotten rid of every great thing about Magicka.
76561198039539362,Recommended,238370,16016701,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Monkey.D.Storm,Nice game
76561198321925857,Not Recommended,238370,28455710,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,zielona_f,"hah this game is buggy af, we're spawning all over the place (mind, at least we don't drown when spawning in water), gameplay is superc ounterintuitive regarding coop and cam enables bosses to walk out of view during fights. nevertheless twas so absurdly bad i cried tears of laughter, so if that's what ur looking for..."
76561198154432312,Not Recommended,238370,29291286,Posted: 15 January,all,RogueGuru,"I dont like the fact that i cant change my name and it was very short and always crashes on me. If im spending $14.99 for a game and i cant even do something as simple as changing my name.. thats pretty sad and id rather play Magicka 1 cause this is very short and is really just an expansion of Magicka 1..  to put it simple, i didnt enjoy my experience at all"
,Recommended,238370,16017257,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Watapon,"Just finished Magicka 2 in 5 hours, if you are a fan of the original Magicka this is a must buy. However, this games mechanics are closer to Magicka Wizard Wars than Magicka 1 but i got the hang of it after awhile. Overall it does have its problems such as elements not adding up and the more enemies attacking you at once. The pros arrive in the story aspect where every game is linked together (which is not seen in most 'indie' games) making the story feel more real and more involving to the player. If you are a fan of Magicka 1 and didn't mind Wizard Wars get this game, trust me there was more similarities to Wizard Wars than Magicka 1; if you are thinking about buying this game make sure you have played Magicka 1 and atleast tried Wizard Wars to get a grip on the movement (for god sake its FREE).Magicka 2 gets: 9/10"
,Recommended,238370,16015819,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Awoo Electric Boogaloo,"Great fun for you and your friends, good for letting out a bit of steam."
76561197994586670,Not Recommended,238370,22558131,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,TOKOLOSE,You like good game? Well try this then ask for refund and go find game that is not aimed for 5 year old.
76561197975763993,Recommended,238370,16096239,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Bouzer,BEst fkin gaem evr.must pley.
,Not Recommended,238370,18313741,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Arown ☭,When will we get what was already in the first one? 21/9  screen support ...
76561198108238874,Recommended,238370,21669989,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,GothicLolitaHugo,https://hugosreviews.wordpress.com/2016/02/09/magicka-2wizarding-intensifies/
,Recommended,238370,21630468,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,EnjoyCoke,I'm NOT a vampire.
76561198221144444,Recommended,238370,23804659,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,SoggyTubaBoy65,wizard r real cool you know good yes?
76561198111177683,Not Recommended,238370,17709488,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Narriz,Comparing to Original Its sh***y sequel
76561197969795459,Not Recommended,238370,18070820,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,millton,"I just love this game, only downside might be that we had 7 hours of gaming,worth every euro,"
76561198042406392,Recommended,238370,16015477,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Dalmez,"I understand this game is kinda getting yelled at by the magicka 2 veterans, and I played much of magicka 1 myself, but i really enjoy this game. Sure you cant combine spells to make 1 spell type anymore but i feel this game has a lot more of those magicks spells, with the whole haste and conjure rain stuff. After playing around an hour of this I still really enjoy this game and I'm sure this would be way more fun with friends. I'm still very sure people will enjoy this game. As settings wise, I didnt see anything wrong with the controls. I just really enjoy this game and don't let all the negative reviews fool you."
,Not Recommended,238370,24375580,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Exterminator,"This game is chaotic fun. The biggest issue is that it can be quite frustrating for some people due to friendly-fire/damage. When there are multiple players... they will kill each other numerous times.The game maker doesn't need to eliminate the friendly fire but instead... they need to add the option to disable friendly damage. With that disabled... they could still allow friendly effects like water to put out a fire, healing, etc."
,Recommended,238370,16017628,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Sirian,Only 2 hours and at 500 selfies.10/10
,Not Recommended,238370,33321814,Posted: 6 July,all,Cosmonaut,Pathetically short followup to one of my favorite games. Not worth $5.
76561198257459237,Not Recommended,238370,19676499,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,SwaggerSouls III,i thougt this game will took me a week to complete it but it only took 4 hours i am very dissapointed i dont recomend it to others
,Recommended,238370,34226159,Posted: 13 August,all,Gibus,"Hey, that's pretty good"
,Recommended,238370,16028833,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Shiny Charizard,"This game sucks, you can't use the auto win skill any more"
,Not Recommended,238370,28696866,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Ethrin,Graphics glitch out on 3440x1440 resolutions unless you run it in windowed mode.
76561197971852942,Recommended,238370,34156264,Posted: 10 August,all,madbull,its very fun
76561198319414542,Recommended,238370,34148071,Posted: 10 August,all,fatkedama,We need Chinese!!
,Not Recommended,238370,20812110,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Sunyi,-.-
76561198064401145,Not Recommended,238370,28098809,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,PR][DE,НЕ работает с геймпадом.
,Not Recommended,238370,17166691,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,♥ Benis,meme wizards
,Not Recommended,238370,18749452,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,t0lkki,Worse than the first game. Just play the original.
76561198029961850,Not Recommended,238370,16013539,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,[RFID]IceDusan,"Well i have just been playing it for 10 mins, been through the tutorial. I must say the game is awesome but, thus far some cons. Ofcourse ill explain some pros as well.Cons:- compared to the first one u can no longer combine certain elements, for example Q and R (water and snow) no longer become one spell Ice, instead they hold up 2 seperate spell slots.- As far as i seen now the tweaking of settings in gameplay is very limited. Walking now is click and walk to it, little like moba style games. So for those of u who have played magicka 1 know that this is a problem (at least it is for me) if you hold down the mouse to walk and you let go cuz u encounter something ur charachter will keep walking that direction.- Water and Electricity do no longer combine.- Some small sound bugs i encountered during the tutorial (for example healing ur self in spamming matter)Pros:-Awesome graphics-Great humor from the start-Costumizable charachters-Rocks do now bounce-Artificats to change how the game works in terms of difficulty thus making it fun to start over-Something different you can select then just the fairy as your companion.-Weapons, staffs and robes are unlockables which u can find throughout the game and unlocking them for you to equip any time.-Overall feel of the game despite the cons i written above is still pretty darn good.Gameplay (thusfar) 8/10Setting tweakability 2/10Music 9/10graphics 8/10Would i recommend this game? Definitely, looks fun, feels fun and sounds fun. If you enjoyed the first i would definetily recommend you check this one out as well.**EDIT**retracting my last review.. finished the game just now with a buddy final verdictstory 3/10 couldnt follow it properlygameplay 4/10 alot of spell combos have been impossible basicly forcing u to use SFSFS all the timeWould i recommend getting this game.. No... i would not**EDIT"
,Not Recommended,238370,34348392,Posted: 19 August,all,YurIsLuv,not fun.
,Not Recommended,238370,26724032,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,tarod49,"Lags, UI is bad. First one was buggy but tolerable."
76561198045608894,Recommended,238370,16015731,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,MajorSmaser,"Booted the game up for instant fun!Soaked my friend with water, then electrocuted him to death.10/10. Would soak again,"
,Not Recommended,238370,17929222,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Eivie,"Play 1.This game is way to difficult. in a bad wayyou get knocked down and you are still a valid target.as far as i know, facing groups. you just get pinned all the time. forget healing. you either clear everything before your hp runs out or you die. are you getting knocked about? then forget spelling, you will not get any spells out.the balance is just wrong."
,Not Recommended,238370,28090785,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Tronald Dump (Tam),REQUIRES a Paradox Interactive account to play online.Might as welll have bought it on UPlay or Origin
,Not Recommended,238370,20557780,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,DICKHEAD,this game is♥♥♥♥♥♥you cant create or sign in your account i mean wtf so♥♥♥♥♥♥you wont be able to play online without the sign in its♥♥♥♥♥♥click the word once it doubles why? i gues i will never find out
,Not Recommended,238370,21356367,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Terath,It makes me feel sad when I think about this game.
,Not Recommended,238370,31529469,Posted: 3 May,all,Happy potato,This game is boring as hell I don't know how to sayThis game suck :(
,Not Recommended,238370,32518601,Posted: 17 June,all,Eistibus,"I like magicka games. I really like them because magic is my dream. Before magicka 2 is realised there was a game called ""magicka : wizard wars"" it was a pvp game not like this that wasn't have story mode.  If you are searching a game to end first diffucult in 10 hours-18 hours this game is for you. I'm so disapointed when i look to ""magicka : wizard wars"". Wish it wasn't closed"
,Not Recommended,238370,29346742,Posted: 18 January,all,ネクロ・エンティッテ,"Personally, I didn't really like this game. My friends and I bought it and tried to play it but we didn't really enjoy it. I is a hassle to learn all the combinations of elements and the game isn't really interesting or exciting"
,Not Recommended,238370,16015097,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Stabby Spookbutt!,A meme and a crab on every screen.
,Not Recommended,238370,19542411,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Tasamashi,Magicka 2 sucks
76561198035543456,Not Recommended,238370,31735547,Posted: 13 May,all,OAKEN,"Well so far 2.5 hour in and i have to say NOPE, a dumb arcade style game... The magic part if OK, would be a ton better to make the spells and then hot key them as oppose to tap x2S x2D and then x2F... The charter is very slow and it's just DUMB... DUMB... DUMB.... The only positive that other game could learn from the way this dev chose to give you the elements to play with... Very Frustrating game!!!!!"
76561198168175241,Not Recommended,238370,28999683,Posted: 3 January,all,GokPang,stupidest game ever.
76561198034434006,Not Recommended,238370,24456057,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,EZtarget,"I have never given a game a bad review before this one.I normally love these types of games, but this one just pisses me off.Enemies are way too overpowered, and the whole spell casting system with keys and then mouse is just stupid.Overall he game is just way too hard in single player, and it is a game that you should be able to play single player."
76561198059930150,Not Recommended,238370,34003593,Posted: 3 August,all,AXE IS AXE,"You want a fun game to play? Well, this is not the one, unless you willing to spend about 100+hours in it. Basically not fun at all unles you played first one and proficient in magicka.♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,238370,26087285,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Skitzo,"Awesome game but only took 8 hours to finish whole game :( quite disappointed for $20 AUD should be alot longer, i mean grim Dawn was $25 AUD and i have 40 hours in that and i still have a chapter and a half to go"
,Not Recommended,238370,16012847,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Lord Alex I. of Daimon,"My first Impression:Bad PC-Port. Please more contribution to the PC version and less to the PS4 version.Not a bad game at all, but Magicka 1 was definetly better.IF you are new to Magicka, buy Magicka 1.IF you are an old Magicka player, stay at 1st game.Final review:+ Pro-Story-Vlad, no Vampire-Magicka Things like Easter Eggs-Graphics (unnecessary but still quite)- Contra-No Free use of Magicks-Gameplay (f.e. Fighting Slowdown compared to M1, because of Controller)-Port Problems (f.e. Navigation in Menus)-Character Equip Change Possibility before every new Chapter (old System worked better because it was more fun to play in fear of loosing your Sword, and so on)-PORT-Game's Main Platform should be PC and not PS4So, the game is a good game. But the gameplay due to PS4 Port is quite bad and it ruins the fun while playingGreetings from a disappointed ""Paradox Fanboy"""
,Not Recommended,238370,16088890,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,[SpatC] Ta̅p̅e̅,"When the laggy input box pops up and tells you to make a wizard name, listen to it because it says that it's permanent. Paradox has no intentions of ever letting you change it, and so if you make a typo, it's a swift ♥♥♥♥-you forever. Thanks Paradox. From Ta[e."
76561198080064877,Not Recommended,238370,18062747,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Abomination,DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!!! ITS THE MOST EPIC FAILURE!!
76561198131862676,Recommended,238370,16017150,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Vulva Wankley,"Would highly recommend this game, just as good as the first one if not better.Had a great time playing it.10/10"
76561198096390030,Not Recommended,238370,31044258,Posted: 9 April,all,T3P7/,NO CONTROLLER SUPPORT DONT BUY
,Recommended,238370,26126079,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,ส้ม!,เล่นจบเเล้ว เเม้งโครตหัวร้อน ตรงทีตัวเราบางโครตๆ ต้องมีความอดทนอย่างสูง เเต่ชอบลองซื้อมาเล่นดู
76561198093675901,Not Recommended,238370,25338616,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,FuriousGeorge,You must create an account to play with friends. Not going to happen. I want my money back.
,Not Recommended,238370,29494589,Posted: 25 January,all,DaHoLs,prrrooo
,Not Recommended,238370,30023631,Posted: 18 February,all,2JZ - DEMONVIA,PS4 Controllers do not work through Steam Link/Big Picture Mode
,Recommended,238370,16014182,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,QM,"Isn't the same as the first game. -5/10Seriously, they should've just took the first game, named it Magicka 2 and sold it to us again, right guys? Amirite? /s"
76561198020226251,Recommended,238370,16013345,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,ChickenBob,Just played for 1 hour now...and i like it :Djust like the old one a good gamenice work developers (:love your gamesmagicka best :Dnice easter eggs xDtheres just one problem...i didnt receive the deluxe edition items yetbut its out for 1 hour now..so i think i will get them in a few hours (:thanks for the game (:
,Not Recommended,238370,23969767,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Logocooldjcz,"Hi guys,dont buy this if you have played Magicka 1. It is different, not good different, BAD different, the spell looks BAD, the styl of walking is BAD the style of game is bad. I have played only 10-15 minutes, and i need to refund, Magicka ''1'' is totally better, If you are deciding to buy Magicka ''1'' or Magicka 2, on 100% buy 1. I think Magicka 2 is not bad game, but 1 is totally better."
76561198153066357,Not Recommended,238370,29445167,Posted: 23 January,all,[Buzzlenker]Simon,Worst boss battle
76561197980738252,Recommended,238370,16013040,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,(っ◕‿◕)っ Yellowfish,im a manpire
,Not Recommended,238370,29362996,Posted: 19 January,all,[BKNE]  heromaniac,never play this game NEVER you waste your time
,Not Recommended,238370,25363474,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,AjenPan,"Why no Chinese language ?, because the Chinese market look down? I buy the game is to give negative feedback, next time remember to bring Chinese,Thank you."
76561198060699746,Recommended,238370,16012970,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,nineteenred,swig
,Recommended,238370,16013096,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Jaybird,asdf
,Not Recommended,238370,34091983,Posted: 7 August,all,The Husky Gentlesir,"Almost as bland, uninspired, and terribly boring as the first one.  Skip this one and go for a game like Skyrim to sate your high fantasy needs.- The Reddit Gamer, visit my reddit profile to view more reviews"
,Recommended,238370,16163850,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Kotommi,"I had something about the content-cost ratio and lack of features that made me leave a negative review, but some missing features have been added. It's ok now, a decent game. Still though, it's really short."
76561198141061132,Recommended,238370,16711853,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,DrGum,boring
76561198174703417,Recommended,238370,16557298,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Machumba Mansaba,"It is very fun especially with other players, but it is also a great single player game."
76561198012297050,Recommended,238370,16338472,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,P9iko0,"Anonymous Review 1 - *Blablabla Magicka 1's better than 2*Anonymous Review 2 - *Blablabla Magicka 2's better than 1*Look, if any reviewers feel targeted to those lines, you better to look what I would need to write for this game, okay?!I only played mostly 4 hours total, ALONE (no team party), in this game, so my experiences with others players is considered to be absent. Due to the lack of a few hours, I do write this review only about what I got with my experience only in this game and testing it. Are we agreed on that? Yes (I know people will say ""No"" there)? Then let's continue!Magicka 2 has its own similarities with Magicka 1: You play a wizards which you go in an adventure armes only with your staff, a melee weapon (usually) and, off course, your elemental spells.The spell mechanic got a change if we compare between the first and second game. I could even say quite a nerf too. For me, I really do think it was needed. Why? Because, with my whole experiences  with Magicka 1 with both Solo and Multiplayer modes, that 5 element casting (Ice (Frost/Water), Lightning, Arcane, Defense and Frost - For example) was, in sort, ultimatly destructive, overpower (i mean it there) and a royal friendly killer. It was so powerful to the point that if you barely touch those ice spikes, it means a certain Death to yourself too. I don't count about doing that to your friends either.Anyhow, with that nerf kinda fusion spell, us, the ancient players from Magicka 1, needed to see the new functionality with the spell system. Even if the title seems like a joke, ""Learn to Spell Again"", it litterally puts us to learn the new system, re-experiencing anew. Some players enjoyed it. Some others don't. For me, I liked it. It was a good thinking to check and learn new possibilities of spells, to be more effective while doing something less harmless to your friends! I think this is where the Paradox Team wanted us to do. I know when I played Magicka 1 back in time, I made one of my friend to rage quit the game fully because of those combinations. I think the nerf would simply to make that everyone needs to do something together to win. Isn't what Coop means, by the way when you do play this game?What about Solo then, if ask about it? Remember that sometimes, you need to go more on the defensive rather than the offensive. You can, with your spells, to go in an aggressive defense: Using harm spells to protect yourself. Make a barrier of rock or a wall of cloudy frost! Do something to try to stop your enemies (Crowd Control everyone?). That system puts us to think which kind of spell we need to cast and that is, for me, an improvement. We do get out of the 1-2-3 button combo build that it was in Magicka 1, in sort.Another thing I think it is an improvement is the equipements. At least we can equip our wizard with the stuff we unlock by playing the game. Quite balanced, you can make a wizard of your own thought: You can be a wizard that it is good with Arcane element but your Life element will be reduced for its effectiveness. They, the Paradox team, really don't want to see us becoming an overpower Rambo wizard (Yes we kill everythings on sight, but that's not what kind of Rambo I mean there). Then again, you need to play the game fully to get everything unlocked, even the support spells too. They are maybe less, but I am sure Magicka 2 will get more with the DLC like Magicka 1 did.The humor between 1 and 2? The difference? Still there!  Both new and old, we can't miss those ones. What could I say more? They bring me a smile when I find one!Bugs? I encountered some but not too fancy too. Like if I would not care about them seriously.Difficulty? Now we are talking! I would say yes about the difficulty to be increased if we compare between the two games. But for me, it really needed. I really do think the difficulty from what the other usually encounter is by the number of enemies coming at you, versus the nerf on the spells. This is where I want to point out that the Magicka 1 players, usually, must get out of this ""area of comfort"" of the OP spells and try to do something to experiment with.To be honest there, even myself I got surprise with the difficulty while playing solo. Yes, I died quite alot too. But each time I died, I tried a new combo to beat my enemies. It is by experimenting the elements that I discovered how to ""play"" with them. Just to give an example for one part in the game there: There is a watermill that you need to turn by using a water spell, but the enemies constantly spawns to go to kill you.  To counteract the enemies, I did created some walls of frost, lightning and arcane to slow them, damaging them. Even some creatures arrived from the water, so they got heavely damaged by the lightning whenever they entered in the wall. It did gave me time to use my water spell and also preparing another spell to finishing them off.It was challenging and fun, despite I got killed so many times. But I learned my stuff there.In the end, I do think Magicka 2 is a game that we are related to ""Death and Learn"" turn off, like previously the 1. But the first one was less present, I must say. So will I recommend this game? I will say ""Yes"", definitively. I would even suggest to buy the first one and see the difference between them. Either the first or second, Magicka is still Magicka: The serie is about Death, spells casting, laugh, anger and friendship killing.... mixing them to make two words to describe both games : ""Have Fun!"""
76561198037677651,Recommended,238370,16017203,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Bradberry Fields Forever,"[EDITED]I have never been so disappointed in a game.Magicka 2 is a huge let down and that genuinely makes me sad.As I understand it, the game is based on Wizard Wars rather than the original Magicka. Why? You tell me, Paradox! What this means is that we get an extremely simplified version of the original spell-casting-system, which in return straight up REMOVES some of the fun combos you used to be able to do, rather than expanding the fun with more elements and combinations. To explain what I'm yappin' about I'll give you an example: In the first game you were able to combine arcane, ice, snow, lightning, steam and shields in order to create pillars of death and total destruction. However, in Magicka 2 you can't combine two elements in order to make a new one, e.g. water + fire = steam. Instead, if you want steam, you gotta have fire and water separate in you bar which also means that you can't add lightning since it will cancel out the water, etc. Also, you can't add additional fire/water in order to make a stream which contains BOTH steam and fire/water. Now you only get steam... This new logic applies to basically everything similar, meaning; electrifying arcane-icicles fueled by scolding steam are a bigNOPE.Instead of being able to combine different elements in order to perform an ability like you used to be able to do, they've replaced it with on-demand-quick-buttons (not the official term) which automatically cast your spells for you. This new and incredibly boring system also requires your spells to have cooldowns. In short, the days of ferociously spamming tornadoes and endless waves of pure inferno are over.(EDIT: My mistake, you are still able to spam abilities if you conjure them by combining elements, but I still think the quick-cast-thingy ruins the fun.)Before you go on about how unbalanced the original Magicka was: IT WAS THE WHOLE POINT. Being able to one-shot basically everything was not only hilarious but also perfectly fine, since you could easily kill yourself as well if you didn't know what you were doing.""When everyone's OP, no one's OP.""- MeTo be fair, the game has improved in some areas, like the graphics and... That's pretty much it actually. Sure, now there are artifacts and companions and all that mumbo-jumbo, but rather than improving the game they're dumbing it down even further. It's really hard to appreciate everything the game does right when it does SOOO much wrong in other aspects (I'm still talking about the new spell system). If they just would have kept the original system it actually would have been fine, but since they didn't... Yeah...I feel like I've completely wasted my money on what was supposed to be an amazing game. If you still wanna buy it, be my guest, you might like it. But if you love the original like I do you will without question be disappointed (but hey, I might be wrong).I rate Magicka 23/10.What do you guys think?(VERY IMPORTANT EDIT: They fixed everything and the game is now pretty damn dank... Yaaay!)New Rating:7,5/10Whoop Whoop"
76561198040810992,Recommended,238370,16019023,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,The Chosen Pun,"Magicka 2 is a huge let down for fans of the first game for several reasons and the game is such a chore solo that it made me take a break after 2 hours (that AND the fact that the game lost connection to the server 3 times and froze on some weird ""Better hit ALT+F4"" screen).1) The movement is horrible. While the devs made it easier to move and prepare spells instead of the awful Finger Twister game from the first one; You now must go where you click ALWAYS. Aim with the mouse, judge distance on lightning spells with the mouse, walk right off a cliff with the mouse. Why the devs felt the need to add slippery ice mechanics ON TOP OF THIS I have no idea.2) The spells were weakened INCREDIBLY. You now need to play co-op in order to deal the same damage as the first game but the enemies have roughly the same health. One of the features I noticed first is that shields are no longer worth casting in any way, never again will your ""E"" key stand alone. You can't mash space to maintain (which is weird because that sounds like a HUGE co-op feature) and if you try to keep up a personal shield, you won't have time to cast anything else. Your spamming of spells is also gone. I prided myself on my ability to mash out a quick Lightning Bolt in Magicka but now, even without the awful ""focus regeneration"" on your quick-cast spells, each spell has a cool-down that serves to hamper players who have memorized casting spells quickly since you move slower when preparing a spell and there is no ""negate casting"" button.3) Quick-casting is a nice option but you cannot program your own spells. If I could set my ""1"" key to quick-cast a ward or full strength heal, this complaint wouldn't be on the list. The devs feel like they can tell you how to play the game they just handed and marketed as having all these cooky spell combinations (which you don't unlock quickly nor do the original interactions carry over; instead they dumbed down the game for controller support) by forcing certain spells into the ""1"", ""2"", ""3"", &""4"" keys and not even allowing you to rebind those to different numbers.4) After the devs go and dismiss DRMs in  this article:http://www.gamespot.com/articles/why-drm-sucks-according-to-magicka-developer-parad/1100-6420910/You later find out that if you disconnect from the Paradox servers, the game kicks you out.-EDIT-Most of the issues listed have been fixed and while I don't think the developers should be let off the hook for their poor decisions, I do think they deserve some credit for their responsiveness. I am once again finding myself enjoying and reccomemending this game and its additions."
76561197974096703,Recommended,238370,16029533,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Distul,"I initially gave this game a bad review for being too hard and encountering a few bugs. But after a patch or two and playing it a little longer the bugs seemed to of been resolved, but I also found the game to be too easy.Magicka 1 was much harder as it progressed, and this game seemed to of become easier. This won't be the same as Magicka 1, but I do like that the controllers are more user friendly. I just think the quick cast should be ditched and fights adjusted a little.Still a fun game and with that I recommend it."
,Recommended,238370,19505200,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,BenTheEgg,"Punishingly difficult at times, but rewarding and cleverly made, great game ! No issues on Linux, litterally flawless, great job devs !"
76561198115069802,Recommended,238370,30645516,Posted: 20 March,all,hwoodmasta,Needs a real pvp or else it will never be as googas the first i recomend it if they bring in a real pvp like the first
76561198064056340,Recommended,238370,16020036,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,martybrenson,"Okay. I've changed my review. At this point now, at the end of 2015, Magicka 2 has really turned itself around. I was bitter at first about a lot of things. Seemd console oriented and dumbed down compared to M1. But after picking it up again several several months later, i can say its a great game, and its even better with friends.100% recommend now."
,Recommended,238370,16022399,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Tranceport,"Second Review after the ""learn to spell again...again"" UpdateNooow it´s really Magicka 2 =) Most of my loved combinations are back, it´s still fun to try new ones. Like it!First Review:This should be Magicka 2? Magicka 1 was awesome, because you could and should combine elements (as Steam or Ice) to really powerfull combinations. Or Mines, boom!, the enemy flies away. Plus awesome Earth-armors with icey spikes.And now? No steam, just death+fire beams are really usefull, every other combination i tried just sucks, even armor/shield-spells. In M1, there were all kind of combination: useless, ok, and really powerfull. Now you have 100% useless, sometimes usefull, and fire-death-spamming.Random teleporting is a mess, you appear 2 meters away in the mob = death.You have basically no crowdcontrol, and this game zergrushes you with mobs! It´s a really annoying try-and-error party if you play alone.And a 20 sec-freeze every 15 Minutes if i play the game.Graphics are better, and the 4 magick-shortcuts are a nice try. But i cast haste with my elements, never move your fingers away from the element-keys! The Story is slightly better than in part 1.I would buy it for 5€, but don´t expect such a good game as Magicka 1! So yeah, Magicka 2. Please learn to spell again!"
76561198065304661,Recommended,238370,20629775,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Mr. Frete,"challenging if a bit bs, new imppresive features and graphics. If you liked the last game you will definitely like this one.Even if you didn't play the first magicka you should still give it a shot"
,Not Recommended,238370,16070168,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,아이샌드,"I'm very disappointed, because I played Magicka 1 impressively.and..Compared to (Magicka - Wizard Wars); I don't think huge progress in graphic has been done, but my notebook (i7-4702MQ, Geforce 745M) can't play it well even when played under minimum option."
,Not Recommended,238370,16406626,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Aero,"The first Magicka was amazing, you were an overpowered wizard with infinite spell combinations. Everything I enjoyed about the first Magicka, aside from the comedy, is absent from this game.They worked to make the game more ""balanced"" which is not what the games are meant to be. They changed key elements and removed others limiting the user to what they can find in secrets.The game is significantly shorter than the original, a friend and I completed it in about 4 hours including cutscenes, which seems to be normal these days for a $15 game.This game isn't a sequel to Magicka, it's a spinoff game loosely based around its mechanics."
,Not Recommended,238370,16026461,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Meme God,"Not nearly as good as the first. Some say this is practiacly Wizard Wars 2 and not a Magicka 2 game, but I don't care, this is a pathetic sequel.-The movement is slippery-You can no longer combine fire and water to create steam in one slot-You can no longer combine frost and water to cream ice in one slot-no more lightnight beams-making armor does nothing no matter how high a level it is-shield only deflects beams (enemies can walk past it)-spells have a cool down when using quick keys-spells have a slight cool down when using spells manually-Charging rocks takes WAY longer than the first-Combined spells are weaker than individual (fire is stronger than fire+arcane)-Basically Magicka 1 but nerfed, watered down, and not nearly as fun+graphics are about as same as the first+new animations+Dialog is as great as the first4/10 would buy again"
,Recommended,238370,16026546,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,WoesjMan,I've been waiting for this since I played Magicka the first time
,Not Recommended,238370,16026848,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Senko.,"How you can screw up a sequel to Magicka is beyond me.This is not a sequel to Magicka, it's a sequel to Wizard Wars.Its obviously made for consoles and it shows, the casting system is FUBAR, with 4 magicks on a hotkey which introduces cooldowns.The only upside so far is the addition of Artifacts and the updated graphics.4/10 stick to Magicka 1"
,Not Recommended,238370,16027244,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Dr.Destro229,this is not magicka that I remember
76561198003505011,Recommended,238370,16027369,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Crazyking,"Blow and get blown...up. Fun game where everyone is your enemy and fire solves all problems, also jokes a plenty and wooden wildlife. 9/10 would get blown again."
,Recommended,238370,16032830,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Cist Seljak,"I am new at this game , no friends , no girlfriend :/ if you wanna play with me , feel free to add me and go to adventure together ^_^"
,Recommended,238370,16027255,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Rapwnzel,"Magicka 2 FIRST IMPRESSIONSMagicka, I would say, was the most unique and creative top-down RPG/ARPG/Mage-Type game I have seen released, and in my opinion, nothing really came close ever since then. Sure, FORCED and Gauntlet was fun, but they did not really have a very high skill cap, and not much in way of PvP. There were no cooldown to spells, and how strong your mage can be is 100% determined by skill and practice, with more experienced players being able to call upon a greater arsenal of spells, and casting stronger spells and combos much more efficiently. However, the game itself was really buggy, with game breaking glitches happening more often then not. Still, the concept was brilliant, and I was really hoping to see more of it.Magicka: Wizard Wars, took everything Magicka had, and kind of ""dumbed"" it down, into a much easier to play and master package. Granted that the new ""press one button for ultimate"" and 3 spell system did in fact improve PvP, as players would now spend more time killing each other than screwing up ultimate spells, but I would say I still prefer the original, although it is a great game in its own right, and free-to-play too.Finally, Magicka 2, a continuation of the story after Wizard Wars. Long story short, I felt that Paradox tried too hard to make controller happen. Even while playing on the PC, it tells me at every turn to ""Press A/Space to continue"". I mean, probably like 3% of people who play on PC uses a controller? Furthermore, it felt like a ""noob"" friendly version of the original Magicka. Having 4 spells on quickcast is great, but having it makes the game feel so... empty. The point of Magicka was being able to cast powerful spells in clutch situations, where I can do that now with 1 key press. The removal of some elements (i.e steam, ice) is also a pretty big blow to the game. No more can I cast my favourite Steam+Lightning when I'm panicking. Finally, the removal of default ""Push"" ability, turning it into a spell. Maybe I'm not used to it yet, but I don't like it.TL;DRPros:+Smoother gameplay, won't screw up element order due to lag+Secrets to find, stories to tell+Faster game pace V.S Magicka+Addition of new spells/changing how some elements interact with others+Addition of quickcast (easier for beginners)+Can walk while casting spells+5s V.S 5min loading screensCons:-Removed fusing of elements (i.e fire+water=steam)-Easy mode with 4 quickcast spells (defeats true purpose of magicka)-Trying too hard to make controller happen on an obviously PC game-Changed concept of ""Push"", hard to adapt to it for old players-No more ""recipe"" for spells with the mouse wheel below your hero-Cannot chain spells, there is a slight cooldown period (~0.5s-1s) between 2 spells-No option to rebind keys and sudden change of keys from original game maeks confusion-Cannot emergency teleport as you're falling off a cliff to save yourself-Screen doesn't center on your character (pretty game breaking)---------CAN'T CLICK TO CONTINUE PLEASE I BOUGHT THE PC VERSION I WANT TO CLICK TO CONTINUE I DONT WANNA PRESS A-Freaking loading screen suggested I throw a rock on myself (LOL)Suggestions:Adding a ""hardcore mode"", where the 4 quickcast slots are disabled, AND you walk exponentially slower for each element you have preparedMake spell spamming/chaining a thing againBring back fusion of elementsAn option to switch walking back to holding down the mouse button only instead of both clicking and holding working together.Overall, I would give it a 7.5/10, very much worth playing, but has potential to be soooo much better, for $15, I would definitely recommend getting this game. HOWEVER, getting Magicka (the original) first would be better, I can see Magicka players transitioning into Magicka 2, but not the other way around.P.S, I've only gone 1 hour into the game + sneak peak so far, sooooooo some things above may or may not be accurate, I honestly have no idea if you get to fuse elements later on into the game or not, but like I said, first impressions review. Will update when have more hours.P.P.S Cast EFFFF on yourself then spamming FFDFF Space pretty much owns every level"
76561198087172502,Recommended,238370,16035760,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,frogs.poison,"Magicka 2 is Magicka, too. Have all the fun blowing up your enemies, and having your partners die in collateral.Mechanics - Large number of mechanics brought over from Wizard Wars. You can move while casting (ALL casting now), Steam/Ice is a seperate fire/water/frost element element, bombs remain when you do stone/shield/anything.They also kept the Magick hotkeys from Wizard Wars. You can assign things like Revive/Haste to hotkeys now, which trigger a short CD on the hotkey. Magicks can ALSO be casted manually, but hotkeys ignore various incompatilities (For instance, you can use Haste/Revive while wet with Hotkeys).Controls are a bit different. Melee/imbue is now shift-right. They seem to have removed the ability to cast wind baseline. AoE is shift-middle mouse button. One of the ONLY annoying things I've seen in Magicka 2, since casting AoE is now a bit more tricky, and I can't count how many times I've killed myself with that.Wards have 4 stages. 1 element provides bout 33% damage reduction to that element. 2 elements provide 50%, and immunity to any side effects (Wet/Burning/Frozen). 3 elements provide full protection, and 4 elements provide absorption. In addition, rock armor no longer prevents one from being knocked back. Strangely enough, it seems that COLD ward provides knockback immunity from what I've noticed.Finally, damage has been, more or less, reduced compared to Magicka 2. Remember those ice balls that one-shotted bosses, full powered stones that plowed through all the enemies, and the usage of Ice AoE/Steam to quickly slaughter all the small fry? Thats gone now. A full rock still does quite a bit of damage, but it's not going to oneshot anything bigger then a goblin. Ice, when combined with rock, deals LESS damage then a pure rock, its just that Ice shatters preventing the risk of a ricochet killing you (Rocks now have a tendency to bounce back at you if it doesn't kill the mob, and even when it does, be prepared to get pwned by your own boulder). Steam's main purpose now is to wet targets while dealing slight damage.It also takes a bit longer to fully charge Rock/Ice, about 2-3 seconds longer. Good news is that Ice does a significantly larger amount of damage, and is very useful in close quarters combat. Killing enemies quickly is now about figuring out their weakness, rather then launching overpowered balls of doom or beams of zapping steam to slaughter everything in your way.Also, in each game, you have a familiar. You have the basic fairy (Who DOESN'T annoy you anymore!), as well as two additional familiars that provide a dps boost (There may be more added in the future). New thing - You can REVIVE your fairy! This means that you should, more or less, never wipe.Content - Magicka 2 uses a new gearing system, where you select your robe, your staff, your weapon, and your color at the main menu. If you find a staff, and generally if you acquire a weapon, it'll be added to your collection for you to use whenever you please. Magicks are also added to your collection to keep across the Adventure mode. Finally, theres a new thing called Artifacts, which allow you to further customize your games, with options such as weaking/buffing/removing a system of magic, greatly strengthing/weakening yourself/your enemies, and even fun options, such as causing background laughter whenever someone dies.There are also two modes - Adventure, and Challenge. Challenge is just like in Magicka, you fight a number of predetermined waves of enemies. In Adventure mode, you have the main chapters, as well as small mini-challenges attached to each chapter. Like Magicka, there is no baseline Versus mode in the game.For those interested in the amount of content of the main adventure, currently it seems as though the Adventure mode in Magicka 2 is about 3-4 hours shorter then that of Magicka.TL:DR - Magicka 2 is Magicka, too!"
76561197990606552,Recommended,238370,16020381,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Hindenberg,"For full disclosure, I am a PC user and a long time Magicka 1 player though never played Wizard Wars.Below you will find stuff that I didn't like about this game. Why I am doing this in a positive review? because if you are fine with what is wrong with it then go ahead and buy the game, I am fine with what is wrong with it and I am immesnly enjoying the game/1. Cooperative adventure, I am the kind of guy who likes to do it by himself, the reason is that I take my time exploring the map and looking for hidden weapons, easter eggs, and mooses or uhh moosi? or whatever is the plural of moose is. When I am with other people that I don't know I kinda feel pressured to just keep up with them and rush through the level, which I don't like, and frankly the difficulty of this game and the spells (more on that later) don't really help the loners, is it possible to have a Wizard NPC whose sole purpose is to revive us and doesn't complain and threaten to kick you out when you take your time?2. Movement, ugh i have played the game for 5 hours so far and I still can't get used to it, I don't know how to describe what I don't like about it, slippery maybe? it is like I am walking on ice all the time, I really don't like the ""fire on the move"" it doesn't feel right for PC users, it fits the PS4 guys perfectly but not us, it also makes the spells seem cheap and easy, like some kind of street ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ that you can chug and forget and then move on. A wizard should stay put when firing a spell to properly give it respect and honor that it deserves.3. Spell balance, I feel the earth (rock) element is useless now, it is very slow and you have to wait a while charging it before it becomes fast enough, and if you get hit (by an arrow for example from some silly goblin) it resets, plus combing it with shield to get an earth wall is no longer as useful as enemy learned (which I am not complaining about, just pointing it out) to simply walk around it (with larger enemies simply crushing it like it was made of butter), also the precedence change where electricity is ranked higher than Arcane, so an Arcane-Electricity combo splashes instead of beams towards the enemy really broke my heart, also the fact that water and fire/cold don't combine into a new icon isn't cool either, it robs you of spell diversity and powerful combos. And finally the quick cast, you should't shortcut a magicka into a number then simply press that number while forgetting how to perform the magick, a wizard should learn and memorize the combination for his magick4. Teleport, do we get the classic teleport? or are we stuck with the Emergency Teleport only? I haven't progressed far in the game (because I keep crashing in Chapter 3) to really know."
76561198007392935,Recommended,238370,16042761,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Narvarian,Fun if you're a gamer and get the references
,Recommended,238370,16042997,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,HR,!
76561198121914805,Recommended,238370,16043320,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Megac,"IMO The first Magicka game was better, exept netcode, and an few more things. PROS : Graphics are REALLY NICE. Multiplayer seems better then before. CONS : I guess this is just me, but the movment controls bug me. Im too used to the first Magickas controls (movement). An bit laggy, but thats minor. (PS I can live with Ice and Steam not combing). All in all the game feels kinda stale. But for Magickas sake i will recommend it."
,Recommended,238370,16043817,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Mr. Erk the Cancer Spaghetti,"Pretty awesome. Not as good as the first one, mechanics wise as it takes from the mmo wizard wars more, which I didn't like very much even though it is fun. The game is very fun and harder than the first and worth getting and playing with friends =0"
76561197990395296,Recommended,238370,16044433,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Razzle Dazzle,"Magicka 2 has some improvements for the first game, but also some downsides, all in all though, it is worth the buy.Great humor and quite fun to play, especially with friends. Can recommend!"
76561198119799123,Recommended,238370,16035165,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Orion,"In my opinion this game is a worthy sequel to the original magicka ,but not one that I or those that played M1 probably wanted in this game but it's a decent game.To me it wasn't as fun as the first magicka was or playing wizard wars.I think they should add an option,setting,or do something to make it more like the original magicka.The controls are really screwy though just takes some time to get used to the controls then it gets less challenging though you might fall off a cliff or drown again like me.The story is humorus just like M1 and is filled with other references.The levels aren't that hard with others but challenging as solo all except the final boss even and with others it took us more or less thirty minutes to win but I won't spoil it for you.Sometimes the combat gets really unbalenced because the mobs will crowd around you and keep killing you and your probably screwed if you don't have someone to revive you.I don't like that the  game forces you to move around and cast spells instead of standing still like M1.The coop games are buggy as a host and as a client my game has crashed for no reason ,but it hasn't happened very much to me.Some people say that they can't connect to the paradox servers and can't confirm if it is happening ,but it has happened to some people.CONCLUSION-If you liked wizard wars you will probably like this ,but if you have the first magicka then pursue it at your own peril.If you play solo i wouldn't recommend this but you can let people join your game if you don't mind.If your new to Magicka then try Magicka-wizard wars and learn about it then if you like it then this might be worth a try for you."
76561198031916735,Recommended,238370,16285484,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Leo,"First impressions,  How I felt about this game in the first few hours.================================Get the first Magicka, this one isn't as good. There is less content in this title then the first Magicka. Fewer spells, everything has been nerfed.If you don't have a group of friends ready to play with you every time you play, don't even bother with this game. Single player just trolls the hell out of you until you rage quit.=================================Revised review, After playing through the game, I've revised my opinion of this game.Is it better then the first Magicka? No. But maybe a few DLC's will fix that.Is it a good game? Yes.It has a harsh learning curve, which can be unforgiving when first starting out. Like tossing you into the deep end. After drowning against the constant waves of enemies, after a few times I got the hang of it and started to swim. I learned how to handle dieing over, and over. and eventually I figured out how not to die. It can be done.Solo is rather unforgiving. But after memorizing all the combinations, and drilling them in. I was able to solo every game mode, including Bananas.Took me a couple days to get the hang of it. So give it a few hours, It's easy to get angry with it, but if you keep trying. And learn the mechanics. You can figure out how to get through it easier.=========================================================="
,Recommended,238370,21665731,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,theoryhazards,"Why do you not have this game yet. Use magic to kill yourself, Thunderbolt your friends. Death mines are the best way to fly. Fly everywhere with death mines. Really you need his game. You can even poison yor friends now. Isn't that great watch them slowly die and run around them with haste, they will love you for it."
,Not Recommended,238370,20905372,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,hunterc435,"This game is only slightly like the original. I can see they tried to make is more 'challenging', but in reality the only thing that makes is challenging is the lack of freedom the player has with the abilities themselves. Placing timers between casting the same spell, weakening shields so you're constantly spamming them just to stay alive, taking more damage from your own abilities, and making it so that elemental immunity requires 4 of one element+shield (Which effectively means you better pick one and take physical plus other elemental damage, or choose your poorly protective simple shield... in which you still take a considerable amount of health damage). In reality; the first game was fun because it was humorous, and had a sense of power for the player wherein you could spam spells as fast as your fingers could type them, and the enemies kept coming with different attributes, forcing creativity with a very intuitive and genius system. Taking away power from the player does not create a challenge, it creates frustration. I was very disappointed in this version of the game, and if I could I would ask for my money back. I plan to simply play expansions for the first one until I am done with them."
76561198007436142,Recommended,238370,20754272,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,MKG Static,"great fun, best played with 2+ friends while drinking"
,Not Recommended,238370,21691371,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Dr. Isaac Grey,"last year I played this after release with great anticipation expecting more ridiculous, overpowered spell fun with my friends and unfortunately this game fell leauges short of its predecessor. While admittedly some gameplay aspects from the previous title were improved upon such as permament gear for your player and movement while casting I have seen way too many problems to make this a worthwhile buy.First off, with the rebalance of spells from the first game what I have noticed is even on the easy preset this game is nigh unplayable on your own. the various spells we have come to memorize and love from the first installment have been nerfed to hell and back, leaving damage output to be paltry at best even when exploiting the ""weaknesses"" of certain enemies.Secondly, the protective spells from the first game have been rendered nearly useless. the Shift+E bubble sheild that many people have come to rely on to catch a quick breather from a fight is extremely fragile and cannot be bolstered by spamming space. Aside from this, multi resistance armor such as the FDSE combination favored in the first game have no use on the battlefeild, having near no protective properties left to it and the pure rock armor that seems to have replaced it is usually gone within 5 or so hits from your basic enemies, couple this with swarm tactics and an apparent increased damage output to the common enemy and you have spelled death for the player.I dearly hope that the complaints I have and those from other players are given consideration here, we all would hate to see what could have been a game that could have surpassed the original Magicka go the way of Leviathan: Warships, dropped like a hot brick."
,Recommended,238370,24731118,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,xor511,"Fun, funny, single player, cooperative. It promises you kill with your friends and kill your friends too, it delivers exactly that.I kind of wish the voices were in english."
76561198204314668,Recommended,238370,24704461,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,strong SMASH!!!,"Doesn't quite live up to the hype but worth every single dimes, great game for only $17"
,Recommended,238370,24818768,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,ScreenName7,Fantastic game. Great to play solo or Local Co-op with up to 4 friends. Easy to play hard to master. I think this game is highly unrated. Deffinitally one of my all time fav games. The controller suppourt works like a dream and you can tell the creators really loved making this game. HIGHLY RECCOMEND
,Recommended,238370,24574454,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Germund,I want a new magicka game
76561198052370465,Recommended,238370,24677163,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,The Blind Wound,"I always recommend Magicka. Some elements are less powerful in 2, but on the bright side we got a spell hotbar. All in all, it's still Magicka. It's still a blast with friends. Solo play has never been Magicka's focus, so bring friends. Casting gets easier and a lot of it becomes muscle memory. When I first got Magicka, I hated it and never thought I'd ever be able to manage, but it eventually grew on me. Just spend time in the starting zone and experiment with different elements."
,Recommended,238370,16096164,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,MaelStrom,"Spell casting has been simplified, much fewer spells available as combined elements take up two slots not one and the dominance of beams over electricity has been flipped. Also it was short... -_-The humor however is brilliant as always.Give me more enemies and spell casting freedom and ill give the thumbs up!edit: freedom was got!"
,Recommended,238370,24269995,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,[L|t|E] Mindsto,Dunka Dunka
,Recommended,238370,24628896,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,FPGG,Really good sequel with amazing game play and a funny adventure love this game  !!!I recommend to anyone :DI m a wizard ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
,Recommended,238370,25725768,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Dr. Bunsen,"Reading all the reviews, I expected the game to be bad, but guess what, it is NOT!The game is quite different than the first, so if you mastered Magicka one and play 2 you are dead. Spells have been tuned, enemies are quite smart too now. They use spells and shields in a better way now.pros:New elements/spellsstory is quite goodthe jokes are still goodyou can kill your friends and even get achievements for ityou will kill yourself in ways never imaginedRobes and swords/staves have impact on your spellscons:Sometimes it feels as if some parts are just filled with too many mosters, just to slow you downSpells like Thunder(bolt?) are terribly unaimed and will kill you or your friends more than your enemiesthe cheese slicer doesn't slice cheese(or your friends for that matter)"
76561198051474074,Recommended,238370,27225827,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Malecord,"I incinerated my girlfriend while trying to kill a giant crab. Needless to say, I didn't score that night.Would totally do it again."
76561198015913814,Recommended,238370,27132131,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,HAU-HAU,Magicka is here again. More spells for the spell god! More parody for the parody god! [Just play it. Srsly.]
,Recommended,238370,27353869,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Mordred - Saber of Red ⚔,Magicka 1 or Wizard Wars was way better
76561198018381586,Recommended,238370,27279959,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Darkest Knight,"Friendly fire isn't. Except here. Because sooner or later a ball of ice and rock will richochet twelve times, missing all 34 enemies and decapitate your ally standing beside you. And then every player dies because you are to busy laughing and you all walk off a ledge."
,Recommended,238370,27289305,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Wirble,"This game is nuts - in a good way. It's a lot of fun to try out different element combinations for your spells on everyone and everything you encounter.But this is nothing compared to the chaos that ensues when you play with your friends and start combining - and accidentally blowing each other up with - your spells.Other than that: there is self-referential humor everywhere, and you can't help but feel sorry for the poor peasants that you, err, ""save"".The only thing that I did not like all that much was that the spoken dialog was gibberish; though I suppose it does not _really_ need actual voice work."
,Recommended,238370,26508752,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Avgar,"Great coop game, good to pick up with friends and have a blast."
,Recommended,238370,26500453,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,IVI00101,"Interesting spell casting, coop."
76561198046548294,Not Recommended,238370,16193352,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Venarlia,"Buy the original Magicka, it's way better."
,Recommended,238370,25954738,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,tunde.ayoko,lol killed myself in the tutorial...brilliant! I like how you mix spells and elements. its a very arcane and funny game
,Recommended,238370,26225218,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,furryneckbeardweeaboofag,Finished game was very short and very simple. Game was fun but idk about worth the price.
,Recommended,238370,26893637,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,sanderchriss,"One of the funniest Co-ops  out there! Nothing can describe the feeling of throwing a humongous rock at one of your friends, making them loose all their hard-earned gear."
,Recommended,238370,27942548,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Tassadar104,Best game ever
76561198284755473,Recommended,238370,27913004,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Geyblade,"Magicka 2 is a super fun game to play with friends, even the local co-op is great. The spell casting system is intuitive, and there are tons of different spell combinations; the possibilities are endless. The main story is kind of short, (I think it took about 8 hours for me to beat it, and that was with lots of lollygagging included) but it does have replay value, because there are tons of secrets to discover throughout the different levels. There are also lots of extra challenges to keep you entertained for hours. Overall it's a fun, aesthetically pleasing game, with a self aware and allusion based humour."
76561198040562295,Recommended,238370,28317701,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Ishindor,"Have to say when I played the first piece of this game I was hoocked, so naturaly when the second part came out i thought to myself how could they top that.Well they did it, the graphics of course and the multiplayer base frame make it a whole lot of fun to play with friends or perfect strangers.The new elements, spellwise are fun to experience and the feeling of making up your own spells as you go along is hellish fun. The story line is not too deep but that is simply part of the fun, specially when you have to deal with....you guessed the Infamous VLAD. The people who have played the first part will agree keeping him around was a wise decision.The handling of the game is well thought out, but still takes some getting used to. Specially when you are new, dont be surprised if you die a lot, sometimes even diying can be fun, and here they made it happen.To summon this up, if you want to play an online multiplayer game, and dont want to invest countless hours, this is the one to pick, but you can also conquer the game on your owne. You can start right of the bat.I hope you will enjoy this game just as much as I did."
,Recommended,238370,28804955,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Twosheds,As silly as the first
76561198033586487,Recommended,238370,16188618,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Takoita,"There have been some significant changes for the better from the state of the game at launch, so I have to change my vote to 'recommend' now.Magicka 2 is a fun, colorful romp of death, destruction and raining puns. I personally prefer the first game, but the visual design, new enemies and new ways to messily dismember them of this one should not be disregarded."
,Recommended,238370,25828844,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Canella,"A great improvement over the original Magicka, in terms of control. Overall, the story is left with some major gaps, possibly due to a sequel. Also, this game is a little shorter than Magicka 1, but still fun."
,Recommended,238370,30184216,Posted: 25 February,all,Elyi,Extremely fun with friends but rather short game
,Recommended,238370,27354943,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Thribs,"Nominated for the ""Killing your friend is alright if they're in front of a target"" award"
,Recommended,238370,31311667,Posted: 22 April,all,amet,steps for win mode.1. find alchemy staff2. find electrician's robes or mad scientist's robes3. qfafaf4. death in everyone's general direction5. get kicked from every game.
,Recommended,238370,31132651,Posted: 14 April,all,Sterazar,"Combine various elements and experiment different ways to blow up, fry, electrocute, burn or push your best friend off a cliff. Then revive him and repeat while he tries to do the same. And occasionally kill goblins. 10/10"
76561198070713864,Recommended,238370,31357567,Posted: 25 April,all,Knugen,"A great bloody game, however, if you wish for magick flingin' chaos, or just a game of wizards (and goblins, and orcs but not vampires) You should just buy the first one, better story, better spellin' and all around more fun.Oh and on a side note, put this on when you play either game:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W0QxN6Il6q4"
,Not Recommended,238370,18331422,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,あれくさんだ,I crash onse I try to heal in the tutorial
76561198055457077,Recommended,238370,31873695,Posted: 20 May,all,dobro214,"Although I voted Yes, I've got to say that the first Magicka was a masterpiece.. and this is just sad in comparison. On its own, I suppose its still worth checking out. Until you've exhausted the first ones original content and DLC's, I'd hold off getting this though."
,Recommended,238370,32001695,Posted: 27 May,all,BadgerButt ✿,Is groovy good fun
76561198163937374,Recommended,238370,31973603,Posted: 26 May,all,kiwisar 007,Utmanande och roligt. Intresant sätt att spela på när man moste kombinera ellement för att göra effektiva och ibland väldigt destruktiva attacker.
,Recommended,238370,27057154,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Daydream Burrito,"This game is furiating, it is fast, but it is fun. If you are ready to lose some friends on your steam friends list pick this up and invite them, you'll be freezing, blasting, burning, shocking and beating your friends for hours untill they rage quit and never talk to you again... just make sure you have a full friends list before playing."
76561198056751931,Recommended,238370,29492362,Posted: 25 January,all,hillman19,"Really good game. The is that problem is it has extermely bad controls. 90% of me, and my friends death were to the controls."
76561197994481992,Not Recommended,238370,32205853,Posted: 5 June,all,Rancha,"The good thing about this game is it followed magika mechanics which is cool, if you wanted more contentthe cons:- It's much slower, for everything- they put a delay on magickas- they don't use the same keymap from magika and won't allow you to (i guess this is by far the worse, the controler is sheet)- those shortcut to magicka seens to help but just make the game more polluted and more distracting, plus the ""focus"" sheet make it worser than it could be- I got some bugs with the initial tasks (as usual..) that didn't allowed me to complete them, so i just had to rush and skip everything- the subtitles and texts are worse too, smaller and faster, plus it adds the text is added letter by letter so very often i have to click that sheet again, wait all over, just to read the end- They pause every change of scenario- and i'm not even talking about the story, which definitely doesn't fell close to the same but okI wonder how they fkd up so many thing that was good in the firstbtw, i just died because there were 2 enemies chasing me but the camera decide to go for a cutscene..And i can't altar on chapter 7 to work, and yes, i'm using the right elements, soo... another very annoying bugand at the very end another bug made me invencible forever (disrution would not wear off, even after jumping off) and since i can't use spells while invencible i'll have to start again..And then i finished the game, it took me back on menu, when i clicked Continue it went back to the last boss! I'm done with this game, it was stressful not playful"
,Recommended,238370,28426208,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Just Bad.,More magicka with better graphics and soundtrack. ♥♥♥♥ing hard if played without friends!
76561198209311983,Recommended,238370,28604307,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,DolanDuck,"This game is very fun, but I feel it still needs more content. After a few hours of playing you already almost do everything it has to offer. I recommend this game if you're looking to play an awesome time killer with friends. It's great for more casual players."
,Recommended,238370,16021352,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Varum,"Comparing to Magicka 1 and Wizard Wars:Main thing: Just played with a guy from australia with zero lag, all of the challenges, cheesing and spamming storms and sdfsf on screens full of enemies, zero lag.Besides that, a lot less bugs (of course they are still there), but only had to restart the game once, no desktop crashing.As a game for people that never played magicka, I guess I´m not the best one to judge, but anyway magicka 1 is US$1 someplaces and Wizard wars is free, if you like the idea/style, you will probably like this one too.Lots of people complaining that it is different from magicka 1, well it is, but it makes it harder, and its not like that it gets impossible to cheese, its just with different spell combinations, no qfqfsas or qerasr for you, and (at least I didn´t find) a qwer spam to heal you full health inconditionally, you will have to ""LEARN TO SPELL AGAIN"" ;)It does need to patch and let you queue spells and cast magicks while on midair, the falling asa and flying earth/elemental shield are needed, there are too many bugs that send you flying offscreen for a long time, and they don´t seem very fixable."
,Recommended,238370,28784158,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Montalve,"Its as fun as the original game, with some satire of popular culture and a fun story, but the best part is playing it allong with friends, specially if you love the challenge of completing the mission while everyone is killing each other, either in purpose or by accident with the spells."
,Recommended,238370,29016510,Posted: 4 January,all,Ser Bardiche,"A nice break from handholding and forced gameplay mechanics. I love the fact the game lets you do stuff wrong.There was a time, games letting you experiment and do things wrong if you want to, was the norm. Not anymore.This is a welcome change. You can electrocute yourself or blow yourself up or you can even make a rock fall on your head.Love it."
76561198048227370,Recommended,238370,29146675,Posted: 9 January,all,Sigourney Weiner,"Magic was better in the first, but this game's not bad."
76561198110603547,Recommended,238370,28963669,Posted: 2 January,all,冰の刃,"Sorry, I didnt get this for free,tick the wrong box额，我不是免费入的，打错了its enjoyable to play this game with your friends and its very intereting.you have to try so hard to manage all the magic tricks.During my first multiple journey of this game , we met a experienced guy who refuse told us one of the most necessary skill in order to enhance the experience of the game. Concerned to myself , he's doing the right thing.But I dont suggest you to play this alone if you're not a skillful player.这游戏他妈的 有毒啊，普通模式最后一关研究了好久才打过了，三个人还死了不知道多少次，一个人玩真的够呛，反正作为一个手残党不容易啊。这游戏好玩的地方就是有队友伤害 ，跟朋友一起玩有意思的一比，互相坑，互相配合才有机会，包括很多属性的组合，克制，比卡尔技能多太多了，除了基本元素还有复合元素，记得多尝试。趁打折入一波不亏好吧注意键盘和手柄操作差距还是蛮大。"
,Recommended,238370,28814982,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Bulbasaur,I've never laughed so much while playing a game. The references and comedy here are amazing. Huge improvement in every way over the first one.
,Recommended,238370,28901912,Posted: 1 January,all,Mallent Shadoweaver,"It's fun and semi-unique, though fairly difficult single-player,,, if you have friends that wouldn't mind helping or need help, give it a shot."
76561198041915022,Recommended,238370,28911961,Posted: 1 January,all,Vee,"If you wanted to play just one definitive Magicka game, then definitely go and pick up the original Magicka (1) it is better in all the meaningful ways, if you want to play them all though, you can surely pick up Magicka 2.So how is this game on it's own (with extreme self-control not to mention Magicka 1 at any point, except for just now, and now and now and now....)? Well it's actually really really fun.The graphics look lovely and lively. Most of the levels look absulutely stunning beautiful albeit each feeling really short, but the load times in turn are pretty much instant.You have your cool magickal element combining mechanics which are really unique and unlike anything in the other games. This brings with it the quirkiness and fun part of the game where you can experiment limitlessly and panick like hell in the pinch situations where in the end it turns out the main damage source that killed you was actually YOU (it gives nice statistics to mourn at after you've died).So all in all a good game, with really well done last boss fight. It felt different and really majestic as a last battle should be. The only overall caveats would be an extremely weak storyline, short campaign length, uninspired level basis (here you have your complimentary *dungeon*, also your *forest* and your *castle*...) and as it seems it is with all the games nowadays - the huge and unneede overuse of pop culture references.And now the question everyone is interested about: how does it stack up to Magicka 1? Well, after playing both of them back to back it is safe to say Magicka 2 feels nothing more than an add-on. It's short, it's unmemorable and does not feel as well crafted as the original Magicka. Well yes, it's  a lot more refined at the techical side: it's gorgeous and crisp with it's antialiased graphics and all, the movement, and interactions feel a lot more smooth, you don't seem to be able to break the main game rules as easily so it's alot more refined of a game.The main casting mechanics are pretty much the same with minor tweaks here and there. Nothing even worth mentioning, except maybe being able to move while casting. And some magicks have different cast sequences and most of them have now done bye bye.What *is* missing is the cool and intricate story of Magicka 1, this one falls more into clishe *meh* category.And to add to that the pop culture reference ""jokes"". Please tell me again, why do we need this sh*** in every single game nowadays? It's bad BAD BAAAAD. Where original Magicka had, ahem, *original* jokes to tell when talking to townsfolk or really subtle hints at pop culture, now we have full on frontal assault on pop references. (SPOILER alert, do we really need it on this POS part?) It's really screwed-up like oh you know Game of Thrones, here IT'S John Snow, He knows nothing, HAHAHAHA. Oh you know, there's also Hunger Games, let's have a girl puke out something about birds and revolutions. Bleigh..The real saving grace is though the last level - after all the uninspiring (though beautifully crafted) ones this still hits the same spot but really nicely leads to the grandiose finale. I could argue it's even beter than the last battle in the original one. It's abolutely completely different than that one, for sure but really well done.At the time of writing Magicka 2 is still plagued by tons of bugs though. The most annoying one: it doesn't seem to be able to save the game settings: every single time it forgot the full 1080p resolution and went to some weird boxed one, or reset to windowed mode for no real reason. Also had a few crashed straight to desktop, and at one launch the mouse was clicking at an offset from the cursor.So to sum things up: was it the sequel we were all hoping for? Not really. But if after completing the original Magicka you find yourself craving for more, you probably should/could pick up Magicka 2, cause it actually *is* a nice game."
,Recommended,238370,28908108,Posted: 1 January,all,(=O*_*)=OPsycho ShadowO=(*_*Q),fun TRY IT NOW!!!!plz ;)
,Recommended,238370,29272854,Posted: 15 January,all,The Strategic Snail,awesome game for 4 friends blundering around trying to kill eachother. funny story. magic.
,Not Recommended,238370,29609748,Posted: 31 January,all,Waiting in the Sky,"If you're buying this game for solo play, don't."
76561198065801520,Recommended,238370,29512353,Posted: 26 January,all,grant041796,"Great game to play cooperatively with your friends, but can be frustrating and funny when you frequently kill each other on accident. As good as the first game, in my opinion, with new elements and mechaics to play around with as well as greatly improved graphics."
,Recommended,238370,29504777,Posted: 26 January,all,D.E.W.,Don't be the guy that kills his teammates and doesn't revive them.
,Not Recommended,238370,29504963,Posted: 26 January,all,[Ƭŋƈϣ] Jackass,Took me 6 hours to beat this game. This has no replayability.
,Recommended,238370,29501955,Posted: 26 January,all,BerunoBolado,10/10 sick story dank wizards
,Not Recommended,238370,29508301,Posted: 26 January,all,Soup-Rice!,"Great concept, Great game....But multiplayer doesn't work- I recieve this error ""You have been diconnected from game"" whenever I try connecting to a server or any of my friends try connecting to a server that I have hosted. Would be nice to see a fix."
76561198138564479,Recommended,238370,29510219,Posted: 26 January,all,Behr_werld,Premise claims this was a story containing no vampires. Immediately introduces Vlad with pale skin and Romanian accent.The casting is fluid with many elements to combine. The graphics are exciting and modern.
,Recommended,238370,32901823,Posted: 27 June,all,Whiticatipus,I have died more times to friendly fire than to acual enemies.
76561198037719791,Recommended,238370,32960814,Posted: 28 June,all,SIGMAR BLESS THIS RAVAGED BODY,Fun game. Only downside is the short campaign.
76561198055208369,Recommended,238370,29197947,Posted: 11 January,all,Zoomander,"Great Goddamn Game,   great goddamn humor, great goddamn magick, great goddamn story,   this game should deserve a 10/10,   but one thing,  one horrid thing threatens it. The final boss,  is the worst thing i have ever seen appear on a computer in my life,   there is no skill invoved fighting it,  any challenge it presents is from stun locking,  forcing you to predict the hit box of a super finicky lazer, spam grade moves,  new uncounterable magick you have to fight,  and any time you mess up,  all your hard work for that stage of the boss is lost.  The game would be better off crashing and deleting your save data, then using this boss.   But alas,  the rest of the game is too solid to deny it its thumbs up.Also,  to those conspiracy theorists out there,  I think Vlad may be a Vampire...  but   it seems impossible, so im not sure"
,Recommended,238370,31024439,Posted: 8 April,all,Das Salzmännchen,"Longtime gamer here. I dont get all the negative reviews. I have been playing all kinds of games for over 20 years. And Magicka 2 is just beautiful in my opinion. Sure, there are probably too many cliches for some, and the campaign is really short, but STILL! Lets break this down...Pros:- great comedy- all kinds of references to e.g. Game of Thrones (John Frost.....)- addictive coop gameplay- feels like an infinite number of element combinations- awesome ""magicks"" that do all kinds of things- i love the multitude of different shields one can use- the scene with the goblin in the marble-space-prison... the drawings are just so pretty- the narration is gorgeous- Vlad. Tremendous.- The plotline is hilarious- lots of different staffs and melee weapons giving a fun twist like e.g. death apprentice robes let you heal yourself with arcane instead of lifeContra:- short campaign- clichés- familiars... i just dont like themIMHO the positives in this game just overweigh heavily. Great game. I love it. Playing it with my girlfriend. Some hours of fun guaranteed. I would love to see Magicka3."
76561198113215401,Recommended,238370,29719137,Posted: 5 February,all,Missing,"People say this game wasn't very goodIt's true that if you didn't played the frist one, you shouldBut the game is very fun and story is nice and the same awesome gameplayYou don't have to love the first one to love this one.I really recomend this"
,Recommended,238370,29941305,Posted: 15 February,all,June,"it's a good sequel for the first part of the game, has very good references to films and history. But it needs big patience from gamer. So, now I need new teammate, cos last one has just broken his keyboard 0_o :-/"
,Recommended,238370,29878671,Posted: 12 February,all,WolfDeyz,A nice game made by Paradox Interactive ... I would♥♥♥♥♥♥my wallet for their games everyday
76561198211502760,Recommended,238370,29778425,Posted: 8 February,all,Articon470,"Great fun with friends,"
,Recommended,238370,29793142,Posted: 8 February,all,Wenxin Wang,"The bugs are annoying, sometimes I cannot cast spells. I like Magicka 1 more, but would recommand 2 too."
76561198140058439,Recommended,238370,32780487,Posted: 25 June,all,Maks4Bard,Fisrt Magika game I ever played and I really enjoyed it.
,Recommended,238370,32768845,Posted: 25 June,all,🍁Yoo Bro🍁,I feel like I'm playing piano with my keyboard at the same time feels like WIZARD.
76561198050817518,Recommended,238370,32905387,Posted: 27 June,all,É Shóró Húésó,ME LO REGALARON Y ES ENTERO WENO 10/10
76561197972528350,Recommended,238370,27509425,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Kliv,I have no clue what am i doing the game.Killing your friends whas never funnier.Love the playe.
76561198398705566,Not Recommended,238370,32856070,Posted: 27 June,all,ShamkhalSlays,Same boring levels...
76561198066721047,Recommended,238370,32891855,Posted: 27 June,all,Furyzaki,The original magicka was better
76561198068387650,Recommended,238370,33023505,Posted: 29 June,all,NekoLord,"Much more variations for spells, great performance-wise as well.Can't keep hoping for them to introduce pvp at some point ever since they took down Magicka: Wizard Wars tho."
76561198064696296,Recommended,238370,33019380,Posted: 29 June,all,rabizak,Very similar to magicka 1 in the awesome combate system while also boosting the gameplay with new mixed elements and also a lot of good references :P
,Recommended,238370,33211186,Posted: 3 July,all,DEADSHOT #ZERO_DEATHS,Great Game for local co-op
,Recommended,238370,33220586,Posted: 4 July,all,oefox,"This is a fun game to play with friends but it's hard to keep some of them interested. Like the original, what makes this game fun is all the narative and quirky secrets."
76561198044622375,Recommended,238370,33151790,Posted: 2 July,all,Burble Bapckins,Rushing with friends till a big enemy shows upfast casting a spell and kill all the party members.Fun to not play alone.
,Recommended,238370,33263632,Posted: 5 July,all,Vault Dude,"If you like to spend more time Friendly-firing your friends than actually killing enemies, this is the game you should invest your money on"
,Recommended,238370,33325204,Posted: 6 July,all,JasonTree111,Takes a sec to get used to the keys (PC) but once you do lots of fun and funny moments if ur playing with friends (friendly fire..litteral fire...)
76561198130853352,Recommended,238370,33449543,Posted: 11 July,all,Jake The Gamer 2022,fun
76561198083728532,Recommended,238370,33327863,Posted: 6 July,all,Sougo,"Lost a lot of friends because of this....Haha jokes on you, I don't have friends.Wizards only need Vlad."
76561198242960004,Recommended,238370,33500640,Posted: 13 July,all,1464402532,"It's really a good game! Unique game style, smooth strike effect, scientific magic match, everything is great, come on!!!"
76561198083296220,Recommended,238370,33617850,Posted: 17 July,all,Zote the mighty,"Wizards and memes, what more does it need?"
76561198116879421,Recommended,238370,33640612,Posted: 18 July,all,Pimpacity,"First of all, this game has the worst humor I've ever seen, so bad in fact, that you may need to get insurance for when you get crippling disappointment.Aside from that, the game is very fun, pros being the unique ways you can work together as a team, complex yet learnable fighting system, and combat in general. Cons being no leveling system or character progression, and a forgettable storyline. (They mention a wizard war a lot, and a girl who has super wizard powers?) Also the comedy. This game is where bad jokes come to die.All in all, I think it was worth buying, but only if you have someone to play it with."
,Recommended,238370,33807119,Posted: 26 July,all,Atomic.Era,"First impression, this is a good game. But... WHAT THE HECK, This game made me triggered, frustrated, and sometime I threw away my mouse and headphones. If you dare a challenge and want all sensations like me, just try this game!!!. I would give score 60/100.Thank YouGood Luck Have Fun"
76561198146362647,Recommended,238370,33840442,Posted: 27 July,all,JakkeH,i played this game with my 7 year old brother and we had a really good time C:
,Recommended,238370,20312062,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Yung Venuz,"It's basically magicka but with some tweks to the spell system, new synergys and a new story. Magicka was worth it and so is the second."
76561197981716582,Recommended,238370,34341165,Posted: 18 August,all,LavaJava,"No brainer at this price, very fun and unique.  WISH some pals would get it, missing a good time."
,Recommended,238370,34383984,Posted: 20 August,all,UzitheGod,Only fun when playing with friends.
,Recommended,238370,34391722,Posted: 21 August,all,~ WĦIŦE ~,Filled with awesome'ness! if you liked the first one you love the second one. :)
76561198138095022,Recommended,238370,34369798,Posted: 20 August,all,Spansher,MUITO BOMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM!
,Recommended,238370,34392901,Posted: 21 August,all,Mr._Kebab,"Game is fine and inventive, but the story is really short.The gameplay itself is genius, but after completing the game you feel they could have gone way further in the gameplay.Still an original game, and fun coop experience.Recommended on sales"
76561198007978929,Recommended,238370,34407351,Posted: 21 August,all,SLIME45 ¦ вlϊтz,the ease of casting compared to the first is awsome. spell effects are better. new spells. items and customizations. your char can move while focus casting. which makes the game more fast paced and damage avoidable is a +.good game.if you enjoyed the first one this one is worth it.plus i think my girlfriend enjoys it even more than I do >_>
76561198096272904,Recommended,238370,33881507,Posted: 29 July,all,Infinity Goat,I blew up a mans horse that was also his wife ... i have no words
76561198120858050,Recommended,238370,34446564,Posted: 23 August,all,Zackmafane,A fun game to play with friends
76561197977245236,Recommended,238370,34597398,Posted: 29 August,all,Asphole,"Best Coop Drunk AF Game ever!  The spell mechanics are very satisfying, great sense of humor, and my gods... accidently exploding your teammate has never been this fun!"
,Recommended,238370,35020282,Posted: 17 September,all,Romperator,"Magicka 2ist wanderungen diljen Wizzzairs, paerte duo.Paras sa langt som hopp le puff! Insomnia mirkidzs nact Velhos, mitten Vlad ninimöjjen. Urkhekho mijjen lejje, lilipuff. Magick sind simmijen lejje djävuljen vampyyri. Leikurinn best mögulegt: täydellinen yhdistelmät Magick + locus. Di brauchts teymisvinnu ryhmätyö ""Multiplayer""!Buy it, perkelle!!!"
,Recommended,238370,35249877,Posted: 27 September,all,Tzar¡n,"For sure some mechanics are better than the first one, but i suggest to buy this game only if you have someone to play with. It takes less than 6 hours to complete all the chapters, but i feel like it is like that only because of the fact that some parts are harder than others, making it sometimes easy and some other times feel like you can only run around hoping enemies will just explode out of no where.Overall it is really fun!"
,Not Recommended,238370,19756706,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,bales,friend baited me into buying this. never again.
76561198044203764,Recommended,238370,35495837,Posted: 5 October,all,MickMack,Very good and fun to play with friends :)
