user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197982599011,Recommended,238430,17265956,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,に ちHarmless に,"Ok so- I own this game. I have owned it a while. I enjoy it. But there's a ton of people posting negative reviews for stupid reasons. Up to and including: - Shooting zombies is very ineffective unless it's the head (Yes someone actually posted this).  I think too many people compare it to Left 4 dead and other similar games and it's a different experience. People also are complaining about the devs responses, when they leave up posts calling thier game outright trash, ect. ect. . I enjoy coop games, I really enjoyed SWAT 4, I enjoy Left 4 Dead, Payday, and I enjoy this. That being said here's a realistic pro / con list for you:Pro-Co oP is fun-You need to share ammo. You need to share weapons. Health kits are super rare and you have to arbitrate who they go to.  You have to work together.-Immersion-Rage zombies were never my thing. Nothing against them but to me the slow shambling ones are the way it's done. If your a fan of oldschool zombie movies- There ya go. It's got that feel to it. Voice acting-A lot of work went into this. It's not stellar by any means but there are two radials with different sayings for most of them. Top that off the characters will be louder or quiet based on certain factors (If the person is crouching or havent done any movements yet - the voice of character will be quieter than usual. If character took a shot or someone near by shot - they will speak loud. They will also speak loud when they were running for quite long time or there is action going on).  If someone goes down, they become a zombie and can call the horde and hunt down thier former friends. I always had a lot of fun with it and it helps with the immersion which is a big thing in games for me.-Modes-There are a fair number of modes for this game. I look at some of the games coming out nowadays like Evolve (Don't get me wrong I enjoy it, I play it, but it was too much for what it was) that are essentially one game mode stretched to thin. The same could be said about a lot of games, some would say it about this one, but at least they tried. I tested some of the other ones, none were as much fun as coop.Con-The graphics are dated-This isn't a deal breaker for me but it is for a lot of people ""OMARGAWRD THUR GRUAFAX"".-The Co-op is unintuitive-It's true, there's not going to be any Left 4 Dead highlighting of objectives. You have a cell phone that you check that tells you where to go / what to do. You have to actually figure it out for yourselfs, i.e. where the basement is, where the helipad (the roof) is, and so on. To the devs, this would really be my only gripe. Some things are easy to figure out, others can feel absurd. Play the police station and try finding keys the first time, you'll probably get the idea. I had friends drop this game just based on the fact they were tired of running around, sometimes dying because we couldn't find some objective. If you intend on playing coop, and new to the map- look up a guide of the map. You'll thank me. I'm not saying the Dev's should implement highlights, but something a little more informative with messages would vastly improve this game imho.-Not really a SinglePlayer Experience-The story will be the same regardless, nothing grandiose. Just the same mission or surviving alone. This game is meant to be played with friends. I have heard that there are griefers online, and people have complained about it in the reviews. There are griefers in any multiplayer experience. It's not the dev's fault. Seen it in Ark, Seen it in Payday, Seen it in Left 4 Dead, Seen it- You get the idea. Hell any survival game with limited resources is begging to be griefed. So- Play with friends if it bothers you, or find a good coop server. I have personally never had the issue of running into griefers on this as of yet, but have only played on online servers a handful of times. Those times I did, people were greedy with ammo, and weapons, but didn't grief.All this being said, I would reccommend this game. There's still some things that could be added that could improve it, but if you're a fan of old school zombie movies like I am, then get it. Maybe wait till it goes on sale if the price tag is too high for you, but worse case scenario - If you don't like it well good news everyone steam has a return policy now. But play it with friends. All games are more fun that way, especially this one."
76561198062062026,Recommended,238430,12718388,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,SnugSz,"I've played this game on and off and I feel like its time for a review after spending some of my time on this game.Summary:This is just your typical cliche zombie survival game where your basic objective is to survive (Duh!). You select from a handful of characters to decide who you want to be and go straight to business; shooting zombies and people. There are different modes in the game in which you can play: Escape, hunt, and extract.Escape:This is the primary mode that this game was probably built for. It is purely PvE where players come together to find a way out of a selected environment. There are different difficulties to test your skills in both individual and team gameplay. What I found really unique and interesting in this mode was that everytime you played it, it was always some what different every run. Your pathing to the ending of each map was usually different and this somewhat made the game mode fresh everytime.What I found to be a failure in this mode was that the ending of escape was always the same and my incentive to play again was minimal. There are no rewards for completing and it gets really repititive. Basically all you did was shoot zombies, find objectives, and get out. Another thing was how it could be absurdly difficult at times. Although this was also a reason as to why it was somewhat fun, a lot of the time you would find yourself back tracking to find missing objectives or paths to work your way to the end, all the while wasting ammo on zombies because you had no choice. Another thing was that players could turn into zombies if they were attacked or dead. I could see how dead players who turned to zombies could potentially create a left 4 dead PvP scene where teamwork is key, but the problem is that zombie players could single-handedly wipe out a whole team of players because thats just how strong and difficult a zombie player is to handle (I literally just walk in zig zags and no one could kill me and I would just kill them in like 5 hits). This adds to frustration of playing this mode as if looking for objectives while fighting AI zombies wasn't already a chore. My suggestion would to make this purely PvE and leave PvP for hunt and extract, which I will discuss about next.Hunt:If all you want to do is walk around and shoot people or be a zombies and kill people, this is the mode for you. It is purely PvP. Everyone starts out with a basic secondary weapon (handgun) and melee weapon and have to search for weapons that can be found in various areas across a map. While doing so, players will encounter eachother and kill eachother. But again, it can feel repetitive as the sole purpose of this mode is to just walk around killing eachother (Of if you like the classic camping you can do that too)  till the round ends with only 1 survivor or the round times out.Because of how the mode is set up to end, players are basically encouraged to actually camp if they want to win. This can really ruin the fun as some people play it for the action and interactions between finding eachother. You could go AFK in a basement and win the round by doing literally nothing because while you decided to sit like a scared child, other people were actually playing the mode as how it was supposed to be played; by finding and killing eachother. You will find out yourself about how the community may react to you camping if you decide to play this game/mode.Extract:This mode is probably one of the least favorable modes in the game. What you do is work as a team to find AI survivors and rescue them to a safe point. Although this sounds potentially challenging or fun, it is again very boring and repititive (in my opinion,  of course). There is no real goal in this mode because once you rescue the AIs, you are back to square one; Finding and saving AI's again. You will eventually find yourself leaving the game rooms as you die from zombies and ultimately boredom.Music/Sounds:What really shines, in my opinion, is the music and sounds of the game. It is very high quality and really fits the overall theme of the game. It creates an eerie feeling to the game when playing and is what really drew me into the game's atmosphere. Voice acting is great as well, although most of these characters are abit too grumpy and mad (For good reason probably).Graphics:The graphics in this game are good if not great. Theres really nothing bad to say about the graphics... Besides sometimes I would enter servers where the game was all choppy at times and looked like I was playing an 8-bit game with low FPS. Other than that, graphics meet basic/standard expectations.Weapons:There are plenty of guns/weapons in this game. Honestly, depending on which weapon you have, alot of them are pretty similar in terms of effectiveness. Although you'll probably find  some guns to be a lot weaker and useless compared to others ( F****** colt), it isn't really an issue to the game.Characters:The handful of characters as I mentioned in the beginning of the review, all have the same value in the game. There is no OP or weak character, it is all preference of how you want to look. Sadly, I would have prefered to be able to customize my own character or let the characters available to have stats so that it would fit people's preferred playstyles. In this game's case, your best bet is to be the black guy (No racism intended) because he best blends into the night and camouflages very well in PvP.Conclusion:   6.5/10 RatingUltimately, what really brought Contagion down is the repititiveness of the game. The replay value of this game is really low, as I have dropped and picked up this game on and off over the year, only playing it every few times a month when I was really bored. Content is slow to release and while there is a steam workshop for this game, there isn't much it has to offer because this game lacks strong popularity within the zombie fan community. You will find yourself picking up this game for about the first hour or so, and then immediatly dropping it if you have no friends to play with.Thanks if you actually read this long review. Although it seems like im not recommending this game at all, surely it is not the case. This game did have its great and fun values. But it only hit me ever so softly, and I feel that it can be fixed.Is it worth trying this game? Yes definitely, but get ready to drop it.Is it worth the money? No, I would recommend buying it on sale.TL;DR:  This game can be fun, but gets boring and repititive too quickly to really be worth its costs. I would still recommend trying it though if you can get it at a low price."
76561198002218852,Not Recommended,238430,17388577,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,steven_feeney,"I have been a long term Contagion gamer so feel qualified to write a fairly unbiased review.TL;DR Each of the reviews you see below praising the game but critcising the developers are accurate.  It is that simple.  Also, team killing is rife which completely destroys the gameplay and forces individuals to use the easier non-TK servers which quickly become boring.  The developers have also taken no action against the numerous trolls who use certain choke points in the levels to ensure that gamplay is stopped.   The game community is almost completely extinct largely due to the developers shocking attitude to their customers.LR;  When I first started playing Contagion last year the Developers were embroiled in a lengthy update process.  The community was disnechfranchised including certain individuals who had supported via Kickstarter and were still waiting on rewards.  I decided to let that slide and decide for myself.The gameplay is good with tense moments and very acceptable graphics using the CS engine.  To the developers credit some of the levels are huge, the biggest in the Steam library by some estimates.  Nice use of fire and shadow makes for interesting human versus zombie battles.Once killed a human player becomes a zombie and must attack and kill/turn the remaining human survivors.  However this creates a unique dynamic because once killed you drop your weapons and ammo.  Players naturally want certain weapons or more ammunition and team kill individuals to get it which forces the majority of the community to use non-TK servers which are far easier to beat because the zombies and objectives are easier to achieve with more abundant ammo.Zombies are blessed with the ability to track humans, summon NPC zombies and direct zombie hordes.   Quite often the zombie players win if they are experienced and know how to ambush.  However if the humans are experienced then becoming a zombie is chore because the humans bunch at choke points...due to the fact that once a zombie is killed a certain number of times they become a spectator to the game.  So experienced players simply find an alley/corridor and wait.  They kill zombie attackers over and over forced into the alley until they become spectators then continue with the objectives.   The only way to win is hope that a new player is within the crowd and will make a mistake leading a gap in the team.Because of the dev attitude, the team killing and the trolling, the game's user base has dwindled and you will often see the same 10-20 people hopping between servers some of which alleviate their boredom through trolling the levels to make them uncompletable.  Examples include stopping people from using critical elevators or preventing NPC characters from being rescued by leading them away from the exit zones.Unofrtunately the user base has also dwindled in part due to the shocking attitude of the developer Tatsur0.  I had read numerous reviews on Steam and on the gaming press about his attitude to paying customers but disregarded them.  However as the updates dragged out from weeks to months to over 9 months it was hard to accept his constant refutations to customers.   In the end a bug-riddled update was issued with new maps but missing promised weapons, skins and game modes which are apparently ""coming soon"".  The developer response on the forums is always ""I promise nothing"" and ""Go play other games.""People who criticised the developers were continually banned whilst trolls and team killers cannot be dealt with unless you supply video-evidence to the developers.During my supportive period I even wrote a lengthy strategy for the developers (I have launched several apps and work in App Development) about how to really engage the audience during updates and prevent users leaving.  It was so well received some of the gamers even said I should be hired.   The post was ignored with a response ""We don't have time to do any of that stuff.""   I shrugged that off and continued to pour time into the forums and the game.My decision to exit the game came after Tatsur0 refused to acknowledge the fact that Windows 10 renders the game unplayable (no sound, stuttering).   After I flagged this and asked how many users were planning to take advantage of the free Windows upgrade my topic was flagged as spam (under the heading ""Not relevant to Contagion"") and the response was""Users know we don't support Windows 10 so Valve handle refunds.""I cannot in good faith recommend that new users devote any kind of time to a game whose community has almost disappeared despite being a pretty good game.I honestly hope the Developers learn how to deliver a better customer service experience to the community that keep them in business."
76561197994564674,Not Recommended,238430,32010414,Posted: 27 May,all,[=LeC=] Bad Monkey,"This game had/has the potential to be the very best multi-player Zombie Game of all time. What the game does have in it is amazing, and has a feeling and atmosphere that evokes fear and panic like no other I've ever played, and really is the only one that does. However, the company never actually completed the game for some reason, and instead just left it to wither and die. What a shame, and a terribly missed opportunity for greatness. But as stated, it is very limited and incomplete. Because of this, of course I cannot recommend it. In all fairness it should be removed from the Steam Store, as it is being sold as a finished game, when clearly it is not, and that kids, is what we call “fraud”."
,Recommended,238430,12392748,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Rulio,"First, I have to say that this game could be awesome. But in fact, it's ""just"" really good. It clearly doesn't deserve that amount of bad reviews. You just need to train yourself in the solo play mod.Alright, this game  got a complete unbalance in all subject. I will told you the pros and cons [even the neutrals] from this game. Better make a list :Pros :+ Really good graphism [considering it uses the Source Engine].+ Character concept and particular stories.+ Weapons choice.+ Sound quality and nice soundtrack.+ Extraction gamemod.+ Splitscreen available [another controler, execpt the keyboard, required].+ Workshop.+ Steam cards and badges.+ Voice acting [considering the budget they had to do it].+ Add-ons very good compatibility.+ Zombies health which requires to shot at the skull everytime.+ Escape gamemod.+ Extraction gamemod survivors auto-debug if they're stuck in a wall or an object.+ Realism.Neutrals :~ Phone [realistic but causes map bugs in Aurora Extraction].~ Tips [they're not useless, but they could be better].~ Extraction gamemod survivors pathfinding, speed and aiming.~ Doors and fences system.~ Character handling.~ Somewhat expensive, you'd better wait for the Steam Sales.Cons :- No specific tips for the players making their very first game.- No online teamwork [as this game requires].- Riot Police zombies. ( ͠° ͟ʖ ͡°)- System temperatures.- Gameplay bugs [survivors stuck into shelves....].- Phone map massive bug during splitscreen in extraction.- Badly programed ladders.- Very hard to handle melee weapons.- Zombies' exaggerated hits anticipation against the players.- Teamwork isn't possible considering you become a zombie when you die.- Achievements difficulty.TL;DR : Do not leave this game after playing a few seconds, it requires to play a lot of time to understand the engine, the bugs and usefull tips to win a game. I only play in splitscreen with a friend or in the solo mod. You should really play the solo for atleast 15 hours to train yourself and understand the subtlety of every game mod.Thanks for the ones that read till the end.Here have a hug. (づ｡◕‿‿◕｡)づ→ 82/100"
,Not Recommended,238430,18666481,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,😡,"Contagion had potential.  Unfortunately some of the developer's seem to have thick skulls when players are making complaints or suggesting feedback.Not only that, but I mean how long have we been waiting for this free DLC that has missed its promised release date, what, 3 times now?  Pretty sure its been going on for over a year.  I'm under the impression that there's crap for organization and these developers have their priorities elsewhere.  Don't buy this game at full price, wait until its on a 75% off sale if you want to get your moneys worth.edit: If you do purchase the game don't get your hopes up.  You'll rarely see updates or adequate dev/community communication, and you'll be playing with a dwindling/near non-existent community."
,Not Recommended,238430,10404134,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,razoleg,"This is a draft review, I'll rewrite this word-hurricane later, treat it like a blueprint.The game is late by about 8 years in terms of graphics, animations, gameplay and just about anything else you could name. It costs about $20, but for that you get about 3 coop maps and... 3-4 PvP maps. That's it! The game modes do not differ greately, except the coop ones of which there are two and they get boring rather quickly. Maps do change, but the routes are easily remembered, there are about three variations for each coop map, but if you ask me an occaisonally open door that was closed before does not make much of a difference, the tasks are varied but like I said only change twice or thrice per map.But this isn't even the biggest problem. The worst flaw of the game is what is meant to be its selling point. The devs have made the multiplayer system so difficult and broken it is impossible to join your friends server (trust me I've spent 4 days trying every single solution on forums). The only way to do so is to download third-party programs like Hamachi and I have no intention to do that since I've had less problems joining in a 1999 System Shock 2. The devs are aware of this problem, but they don't want to fix it. Trust me, as I have spoken to them and they say they are denying any bit of constructive criticism. I think they are hinting at that ""rent a server"" feature instead. Pay-to-play? No thanks. And if you don't want a server and just want to play with your friends, be aware that numerous people will join as zombies 5 minutes before your escape in a 30 minute map and eat you and your friend alive, and they will pick your server out of about 500 empty ones available, yeah the community is nice too.(A link to the discussion:http://steamcommunity.com/app/238430/discussions/7/540743212111472871/)This game is in development hell, essentialy you are buying about 5%-10% of what is promised. For this price, there has to be something like 50% more weapons, a campaign mode, 15-20+ maps, a working multiplayer, less bland characters that only differ slightly in voice and hand textures. But more than that, it should be somewhat playable because the balance is broken hopelessly (I'm talking about coop, since nobody buys these games for PvP), three guys vs. three zombies is an impossibility. In fact, one zombie player against 5 survivors gives the zombie about 70% chance of winning, as I have never seen zombies lose unless it's near the very end of the map. The maps are confusing, the directions are seriously broken, people spend 30 minutes trying to fight off zombies looking for an escape truck just to find it half-way through the map in a random detour.""Realistic"" zombie games were the talk of early 00's and many mods were made for a number of them, some were free and more complete than this. If it came out then as a mod, I'd download it and spend maybe two nights for fun, but to pay for something like that in 2014 - no thanks.The fact is, the game is hopelessly overpriced and late and devs need a reality check. It has no point and no outstanding feature, you begin to wonder as to what the actual point of makiing it was. It isn't realistic enough to be the Arma of zombie games, it's not arcade enough to be for ♥♥♥♥♥ and gigles like l4d, it doesn't have much content to brand it as something inbetween these two zombie extremes. My verdict - the game 's like a random bored zombie that won't even chase you after you poke it, you can just walk past.If you do not believe a single word I've said, look at the percentage of people that have got the easiest achievements for this game. It's in the decimals for most of them, because I'd bet this game is ""enjoyed"" mostly over LAN by devs and their friends, and anyone like myself who likes to buy random stuff and make reviews knowing even before the purchase what the game will probably be like anyway.A little edit: there is a positive review up on the site, that is more popular. It was not removed, although it is early access, unlike reviews by Mantis and other people which were outright banned. Although I might see the logic that it was perhaps, not entirely about the game and more about the attitude of the development team, they were stating an opinion and so should not be banned. I don't see the devs removing the positive Early-Access reviews, so this is hardly fair.P.S. A few months later, upon mentioning my review in another negative one focusing on developer attitude I got a friend request from the developer himself. (http://s12.photobucket.com/user/razoleg/media/Contagion_zpsysjrxcvy.jpg.html)"
,Recommended,238430,8576492,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Saucy Wiggles,"Please note that this Early Access review is not a substitute for a comprehensive bug report.Contagion is the zombie game purists have been waiting for since they first cracked open ""The Zombie Survival Guide"".For me, that's about ten years. For ten years I've waded through a horde of zombie games. Nothing emulated the raw feeling of isolation and cold that a gunshot in the distance or a scream or absolute silence can bring. We're all familiar with Brooks' original canon for zombies. Only headshots kill them. Eat flesh until they can't. Only sensory organs that have not been decayed or destroyed work. A moan causes others to moan, and they are attracted to the sound like a foghorn in the night. I never felt like I would truly find the zombie game that emulated this canon so perfectly. First there was Dead Rising - a close contender - followed by Dead Space [which opened a whole new can of worms] and Dead Island, which underperformed in basically every aspect. Left 4 Dead left a hollow feeling, mowing down thousands of zombies in a few hours seemed not worthwhile. Even DayZ left a bitter taste with its focus on player interaction and intense PVP, zombies were a secondary addition to the game and in their state of bugginess and all-out failure to function were hardly a threat to be feared for all but the newest players.Finally, though, finally. From the ashes of Zombie Panic! Source comes a developer prepared to emulate and yet transform the genre. Erasing waypoints with Google Maps on a cell phone and slaughtering the idea of overpowered zombies by balancing their frailty with disguise and scarce ammo, this game is reaching for the stars.Contagion performs in ways I never thought I would see, genuinely. It strikes feelings of sudden and intense panic, a moan can send my heart pounding in my ears, praying it would be silent so I could hear which direction the zombie was coming from. A gunshot can bring hell's fury itself down on your head, while boarding up windows and doors can buy you time to escape. Zombies' interaction with the world largely seems to be directed by line of sight and various audio cues, which gives them a shambling and confused appearance. A slight trigger can send Zack coming at you, but a bullet in the wrong place can mean a bite, and a risk of infection. Incentivized by kill count and bragging rights, a human infected is unlikely to share this information with his teammates for fear of being shot on the spot. A group of humans prepared to fight off a horde of 50+ shambling corpses can easily be dissuaded by a misaligned headshot tearing off the jaw of a zombie and inspiring panic in the squad. A misplaced shotgun round can result in legless zombies crawling under the horde and into your lines. Brutality, free-for-all, and all out panic. All of it rings true of the first days of the Zombie apocalypse, and all of it brings a warm feeling of nostalgia to my heart, and hopeful eyes for the bright future where the Zombie genre isn't filled with crafting games, 8-bit indie♥♥♥♥♥♥ and quick time events.Even the zombie player gameplay has merits. A helpfully designed ""camouflage"" button allows an inept player to disguise himself as he views his zombie in the third person and have control assumed by the AI. Moaning loudly can draw a horde, and in turn the moans of those zombies draw more, which can be lead to the human's hideouts and used to swarm them. A biting function has a high chance to infect humans, and watching your former counterparts murder each other for fear of infection in their hideout is rewarding in its own regard.I've never been so happy to realize a game was early access. After about 30-40 hours, I can easily see myself growing tired with this title and passing it into novelty, but it was well worth the 3$ spent. Call me nostalgia-blind, but there's so much potential content to see from these developers, and I'm very excited to be along for the ride.18/10, buy this and buy it for all your friends. This game will make history, and if it doesn't, I'll eat my shoe on livestream."
76561198141216129,Not Recommended,238430,15135941,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Jkincaid2012,Honestly it was real fun. I loved it. Mostly because I thought there would be more content. Instead they randomly just said eh its finished. Left all the bugs too. So yah spend 20 dollars to play like 5 maybe 6 maps on a few different playlists. You'll get bored. The only updates on the news is about them going to game events like they are a big game industry. This game gets a 5/10 in my view.
,Not Recommended,238430,18781314,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Applejaxc'̏̏̏̏̏̏̏̏̏̏̏̏̏̏̏̏,"I really enjoy playing this game's multiplayer.Unfortunately, I can't. At peak hours there's next-to-no players, unless you want a 250+ ping connection to Russia or you want to join the only other one player trying to play Extraction, who will without fail always be a child with a microphone and no parental supervision.The gunplay leaves a lot to be desired; the animations are stiff and the movement is poor. The maps are very easily abused, with a number of easy-to-reach for human spots in the free-for-all mode (hunted) that make playing as a zombie post-mortem ever more unbearable. I really, really want to enjoy this game. And I did when it actually had players, forever ago. If you have friends and you can buy the 4-pack on sale, it's a blast, but if you're a solo player (like me) that wants to join random online public games, you're out of luck."
76561198063917467,Recommended,238430,7755737,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,qoopr,"(This review was written during early access beta 11/25/13)For an early access game, over all very good.Pros: mazing unique gameplay and revolutionary game modes and maps. Amazing multiplayer with 8+ slots in servers, allows maximun co-op potential. Over all impressive game, I for one am very exited to see whats next in future updates such as: new guns, maps, and game modes. Which leads me to the cons sectionCons: First of all this game is not finished, so if you can't stand bugs every now and then, then wait for the full release. But this game does have its fair share of bugs such as slight graphics and model glitches. Nothing unbearable. This game currently only has 4 maps, a hand full of guns/weapons etc. so nothing major when it comes to variety at the moment. but like i have said before, this game is definitelly not finished and is updated regularly so there will be lots more maps and weapons.My rating would be a 8.5. I would bump that up to a 9.2 when the bugs get patched and new maps and guns get added.Over all review is that I would most definitelly buy this game if your looking for a fun co-op fps/zombie survival game to play with friends and can wait for updates and put up with bugs. Keep up the good work!"
,Not Recommended,238430,31327951,Posted: 23 April,all,Aeimnestuss,"How dare this game come out of early access in this condition. It had so much potential but as all EA games, updates became fewer and farther from each other. Servers are dead and production is too. The crime is not that its a bad game, but the fact that it is a good game that will never be finished."
76561198028342931,Not Recommended,238430,32753429,Posted: 24 June,all,TomWK211,"Bought it on early access.Had huge potential to become one of the greatest zombie games out there, however, the Devs left it 4 dead."
,Not Recommended,238430,23722822,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,TheUnbeholden,"My opinion.The audience for contagion is and always was limited:Players today are use to tripping over ammo/health, auto save/quick save features and a minimap. Challenge frustrates/bores these types of gamers. Not saying we are all this way but there certainly is a percentage of this type. I have heard many people complain, especially on barlow and biotech escape, that the game sucks because they are not being spoon fed where to go next. Contagion involves some degree of thought and their are a number of people in this world that are unable and unwilling to use their minds.A trolls paradise:The escape game mode is one of if not the most popular game mode... and its a trolls paradise. From TKers, to Griefers, to Trolls. This completely ruins a new players experience and in many cases pushes seasoned players away also. While vote kick would be a bad solution its a very poor excuse not to have addressed this problem. There are system that could be built to improve this aspect. Even a ""report player"" option from in game would do a great deal to improve this situation... yet, here we are YEARS later and nothing has been done. The devs wont even put the current precepts for reporting a troll into an easy to create thread and sticky that thread so the community has the knowledge and tools to police itself.No friends allowed:Playing with your friends in an online co-op game should have been a major consideration but players are forced to jump though port forwarding hoops to play exclusively with their friends. This becomes an even bigger problem when a seasoned player tries to introduce a new player to the game and has no place to do it. Mix in a bit of trolling and its hard to get friends and family excited about this title. Yet again this is a problem that is just now, supposedly, being addressed after YEARS of stagnation.Poor Server DiversityThere once was a time when we had map and game mode specific servers. If you wanted to play the police station on escape hard all night long you could do that on one of the hundreds of official servers. At the time I repeatedly asked for a Biotech-Escape-Server (if even just one) I was ignored and now we have even less server diversity than we had in the past. Hundreds of servers with only slight variations.Poor StabilityOn both the client side and the server side this build of the game is NOT stable. Too often you get into a great game with a bunch of great players only to crash yourself or have the server crash and dump everyone. Depending on time invested at that point many players just sign off in frustration. This has been reported over and over again without any official recognition of the issue.Bugs, Bugs and more bugs.Not only are their a number of bugs... they are never addressed. With the new DLC 6 months ago there are now more bugs than ever.-Holiday content 6 months after Christmas-Poor zombie pathing, stuck zombies and dead spots-Zombies that AOE attack when agroing doors.-Zombie that hurt you through doors and-Doors that insta explode if a opened on a zombie?-Doors that get stuck partway-Sights/accessories that disappear from the Remington shotgun-Shotguns that ghost fire 2 rounds when only actually shooting one projectile.-Hang on round restart bug on some of the escape maps-Bleeding ceilings-Doors that are not able to be interacted with for seemingly no reason.-Zombies that starve to death once they get stuck-Textures and Assets that don't load correctlyNow we were told that after the DLC we would return to regular updates which many of us interpreted to mean regular patches like way back in the day. This position is now said to mean regular updates as in posts but even that is not being done. GW was introduced to this community as the new voice of monochrome. He promised to update us regularly on the progress the team is making and as of today has not made a single post on progress. He is either bad at his job or their is no progress to report. Monochrome wont confirm one or the other.Bad or Lacking Mechanics-Gun bashing is worthless, it should be used as a way to either pin a single zombie or to try and keep 2 or 3 zombies at bay hoping hoping to kill a 4th before it reaches you or have players kill them while your the bait. Instead it serves to merely annoy a zombie before it hits you.-Zombies do not have weapon-specific deaths, so you don't have satisfying finishers on enemies when you use a shotgun or use certain melee weapons, They just sort of faint in slowmo after headshots.-Zombies do not try and bite you. They don't grab you, instead they just flail at you hopelessly until you die. It would have been good for a NMRiH style struggle to get a zombie off you in time, the more injured you are the more difficult it would be for a tense surprise encounter.And that leaves me to the final problem. Broken promises, twisted words, and possible lies. No one knows why contagion is not being worked on other than the developers. Its clear we are not returning to regular updates. No progress is being reported and many of us suspect they have broken their assurance that the development of Project Ageless will not affect the development of contagion. People do not like being disrespected in this manner and it has created a very negative community. One can only make positive suggestions and be ignored so many times before they just go on the attack. This feeling in the community is also driving players away."
76561198087754698,Not Recommended,238430,24294669,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Listerine,"I made the mistake of buying this during early access thinking that one day it would be finished. This game has been abandoned by its developers and community. If you already own the game you can still squeeze a few hours of fun cause it's not terrible, but if you're thinking of buying it don't."
76561197981139631,Not Recommended,238430,32568864,Posted: 19 June,all,CrabOnCrabViolence,Been promised updates and fixes for years.  Nothing ever comes from it and now the Dev team has just gone silent and instead of keeping players/buyers updated they just have ignored everything for about a year now.  You can check that for yourself.  I wouldn't pay money for this if your interested just find a key.
,Not Recommended,238430,29819904,Posted: 10 February,all,Coe,"WARNING: DEVELOPERS FALSELY REPORTING AND FLAGGING ANY AND ALL NEGATIVE REVIEWS FOR REMOVAL!Most notoriously boring game I ever had the displeasure to buy at a sale. There's only a handful of say, 40-100 players in total playing this game and every single one you meet is an instant bandit. While the game is advertised as an ""open world roam around kind-of"" title, there's invisible walls and indestructable windows around every corner while also having every single objective be a giant clumsy obnoxious script of 1. spawn zombies and 2. make zombies walk to objective to subside people with some kind of challenge. How does this become a challenge, you ask? Well, by handicapping people's ability to navigate of course! Walking at a snail pace is an understatement because the developers have also gone out of their way to give every single character a severe case of asthma, only being physically capable of jumping maybe 3-4 times before having all organs collapse. The health system is also depressingly shallow as I have to witness personally by the first 15 seconds of me playing this game as I shot a guy in the torso 6-7 times with my pistol as he was attacking me just to get insta-gibbed as a bullet graced my head.Yes, you heard that right. Everyone spawns in with GUNS (not just pistols but rifles as well) and plenty of ammo with there being about 700 different servers to choose from while the zombies are also incredibly scarce and barely a threat, even with the constrictions being thrown at your mobility. Unless the zombies decide to pop out of nowhere and spawn in your buttocks, you will simply not find the ability to care about them. To put it short, this game is like Day Z without the scale, immersion, or the moral conflict of murdering and robbing others.But If I had to pick the worst sin of this game, It would be that there's no Halloween update. Yes, that's right. They didn't scrap enough care together to even bother squeezing in a pumpkin here and there and for that, I can only shake my head in shame as the developers are well known to PERSONALLY ban people that criticize their game on Twitter. Yup, give their game criticism and they can 'lawfully' deny you using the product you purchased on here on Steam."
,Not Recommended,238430,15079971,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Auphorion the Duck 🦆,Don't get this game until they add a kick vote system. Griefers and trolls dominate this game.
,Recommended,238430,12786348,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Fumbles,"I rarely play co-op anything. I'm as much a loner in games as I am IRL. With that being said:This is a great great great game! I suck at FPS, like really bad, but I LOVE zombies, so I buy just about every zombie game that looks worth while. I'm disapointed with some of them, say ""meh.."" on a few. But this one is great! As previously stated, I suck, so I played it on easy mode. I was expecting to just walk through the whole thing a few times and get the hang of it before upping the skill level.Well, I discovered that this game is so well balanced that even in the easiest mode, there where still just a few more bullets available than there where undead. The only way to survive was to use everything available and creep forward slowly. You can't go on a rampage and you can't get careless or you will die.Graphically, I'm impressed. At first, I was kind of put off by the chick player characters. The Skyrim Nexus has spoiled me. However. I soon realized that it didn't matter because all you see is their hands. The environment though - beautiful.The music is stellar. It seems to flow seamlessly with what's going on in the game and it definitely sets the mood. It's that rare kind of music that you ""feel"" whether you want to or not.Zombies and items are very well placed in game even though they seem to appear in different spots each time I played a level. The stiffs can and do get the drop on you because they can be sneaky. Plus, they can climb fences quickly, crawl under things and through holes. Many times it was dead silent and I turned around in a dark room to shine my flashlight in the face of one. I think I pooped a little.The only bug I found (04NOV14), and I'll explain why I point it out, is that zombies cast shadows through walls sometimes. I am thankful for this and so are my pants. I point this out because it was the ONLY bug I found. Indi games are typically more pollished (in my experience) than major titles anyway. But this one is really, really nicely done. Not a single CTD, no magical things happening, very very very little clipping (zombies breaking down doors).. When I bought this game, I bought a finished product, and I'm thankful to the developers for that.I'll definitely be playing this game for a long time to come![To the developers] Wonderful job people! Really. If you make another game that sounds like it's even remotely up my alley, I'll buy it without question! (Even if it's not, I'll use your game to give the genere a try.)"
,Recommended,238430,7770019,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Holden_Mcgroin,"Very well made maps, nice community. Different game modes, PvP, Co-Op etc. The in-game sound is very impressive. Source engine and fairly modest system requirements to run. Actually does run well on the minimum spec. The developers communicate well with the community.Not much bad about it- limited variety of maps so far but maps still being released and now an SDK and steam workshop.  Good online games are plentiful."
76561198013951274,Not Recommended,238430,9837642,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,man of the broth,"(Final Release)  I do not value this game anywhere near $20 right now. The release of the Contagion SDK might change the amount of content available for this game, but right now it is seriously lacking. The description of the game on this store page just sugar coats and exaggerates everything.Initially the game itself is fun. It gets boring quickly with there only being a few maps total and even fewer co op maps. The game goes on sale for $5 sometimes, I recommend this game at that price (especially if you go into it with friends). Investigate and watch some gameplay before you take this negative review to heart, you could really like the game."
,Not Recommended,238430,23881323,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Joey Fuck-King Wheeler,"They really need to implement a ♥♥♥♥ing party system, I'm tired of recent games still using hamachi, and port forwarding as the only way to play with friends. If you're going to advertise yourself as a multiplayer game, implement a ♥♥♥♥ing party system."
,Not Recommended,238430,15468115,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,calibrojosh10,"What I liked:You become a zombie instead of watching when you dieIs a hard game on some maps ( you can't always shoot your way out )Escape mode is fun when I can find a gameWhat You Need to Know:Has the smudge on camera effectGraphics and effects are goodNo one is playing this gameNo More Room in Hell has 10 times the average players at any given timeThe only mode I like has 4 maps (1 which is just boring)My Score:CPaid: $5Main Reason for Dislike: There is a better game, which is actually a mod and no one plays ContagionGames similar that are better:No More Room in Hell(Free)"
76561197975141335,Recommended,238430,10660704,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Peebington,"A surprisingly refreshing and fun zombie shooter, considering how overdone the concept is."
76561198034965030,Not Recommended,238430,22974407,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Sploder,"Decent zombie game. Dead community, excuse the pun."
,Not Recommended,238430,30970906,Posted: 5 April,all,Nuka,"Game had potential. But considering the last update or ANYTHING  dropped on steam was October of last year, I'm assuming the DEVS are done with the game. Shame.Bugs. Lack of Community. Terrible servers."
,Not Recommended,238430,29327187,Posted: 17 January,all,DerpyCat,"This game had hope and was a lot of fun... years ago.Hardly anyone plays this game anymore. Most of the gamemodes have no one playing them and you can be looking for a game for ages.This game has been in alpha since 2013, Devs are hardly updating it and it's really unoptimised and clunky. Has been since I bought this.This game use to be fun when plenty of people still played it, but not many do now and the developers are doing almost nothing to keep the remaining players. Probably figured the modders would keep this game alive, nope.Don't buy this game unless you like playing alone, clunky gameplay, and nonexistant developers."
,Not Recommended,238430,34360093,Posted: 19 August,all,[MR] It's Just a Plank Bro,"Abandonware.Great concept, great game left unfinished. Extracted a fair amount of enjoyment out of this but I wouldn't recommend it to anyone else. Back when I bought it - it was on sale and it was still being updated.Development team is nonexistent.This game survives solely because of a community member whose updates are implemented officially just to make it seem like the game is still alive.HL 3 will be released by the time there is a Major Dev update.Only buy it on a big sale and only if you enjoy having MP games on 3-5 US servers and only 1 EU server or playing SP over and over again.Go for NMRIH or Zombie Panic: Source, they get more updates and even if they get abandoned - they're free."
,Not Recommended,238430,15724161,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,WHAT A RUSH,"A clunky zombie survival horror game with extremely delayed patches and DLC that had been promised, with numerous developers leaving the company and with a manchild developer falsely banning people from the games steam forums for expressing discontent with the games current state and the development cycle. As for the game, it is dated visually, has extremely bad movement controls, has really bad gunplay, and allows for easily exploitable maps in which most people just camp in one spot. Also, the player counts at peak times are abysmally low (lower than 50 sometimes) Avoid like the plague."
,Not Recommended,238430,30535103,Posted: 15 March,all,Spiffo,"I just found out this game is not in early access. I liked it because I thought it would turn into something great, I accepted the bugs because I thought they would be fixed. My brother cant even play because when he joins a match his camera clips out of its angle and the controls are literally all mixed up(checked all the controls and found out its a glitch)I ended up trouble shooting that entire night just so we can play this great game. There is.. or was something great here. When it doesnt glitch the ♥♥♥♥ out of itself then the game is great, spooky, has great game machanics, and fun with friends.but until its patched(and I know it wont be)Sorry folks, this zombie game wont rise from its grave..."
76561198206057085,Not Recommended,238430,34736709,Posted: 4 September,all,PANDEM!C | csgogem.com,"With the potential this game has, it's a shame the devs don't work on it."
,Not Recommended,238430,31645629,Posted: 9 May,all,Mad World,"DONT GET ME WRONG this game is awesome..or was awesome. Now its abandoned by the developers,if you already purchased this game dont expect any updates in the future the developers just left the game to die they wont return. if u maybe considering buying this game i recommend u to NOT! unless you are planning to play with alot of friends then sure!Community is dead.. maybe you will find 3 active servers with 4 players each.I remember Supporting this game on kickstarter too,Such an awesome game it could have been...but now that its dead i recommend you to play the free game ""No more room in hell"" also a sequel No more room in hell 2 is coming but wont be free."
,Not Recommended,238430,29678934,Posted: 3 February,all,Slowjoemc,"I've spent 6.1 hours on this game and it is really fun, but it isn't worth the money. Games like No More Room In Hell and games like it have done much better in the zombie aspect and have been free to play. I wouldn't recommend this game. Especially for the price."
,Not Recommended,238430,28999326,Posted: 3 January,all,Street sweeper,since 2013 ... sigh..another unfinished zombie simulator.
76561197980195963,Not Recommended,238430,18150599,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,JuicyFruitDragon,"Pro's- Interesting map designs.- Large variety of weapons from .45acp revolvers to 5.56mm AK74u's(why, i dont really know?) to wrenches and remote detonated IEDs.- Unique ""phone"" feature provides players with information in objective modes and serves as a method of awareness in Hunt/PVP by giving the player the ability to ""text"" other players in supposed bluetooth range, setting their phone off and alerting player and zombie alike to their location/direction.- Ammo can be scarce, creating a survival atmosphere.- Player zombie feature is interesting (although frusterating in Hunt/PVP gamemode).- Can be fun with friends, PVP and PVE alike, but frusterating or boring without.Cons:- Small, less than friendly community of asshats.- Hackers frequent the games small server list.- Poor weapon balancing, seemingly made for hackers with aimbot as all weapons are 1 shot headshots (except for the 9mm pistol) and atleast 4 shot kills in the torso with Assualt Rifles against players. Coupled with horrible weapons spreads after a few shots, you can spray an entire MP5K magazine at a player down a hallway then get killed by your enemy on 1 shot.- Co-op mode is tedious and feels more like a chore than anything else.- Zombie AI needs some serious work, they'll run in circles or get stuck underneath desks and other times detect you even though your behind them a mile even though you can walk pretty close to them up close and not get noticed 40% of the time.- Inactive workshop community. You can find some very cool looking (and some immersion breaking ones if thats what youre into) weapon texture and model replacements on the workshop, but to my knowledge nothing has been posted in atleast several months.Not really worth the money the devs want in my honest opinion as most people play Hunt and are generally very rude, while the few who play co-op mode (which needs massive improvements on map progression i feel) either troll or dont communicate/cooperate at all."
76561198010826973,Not Recommended,238430,29921146,Posted: 14 February,all,MuMushkila,"Like Left 4 Dead, if the developers had never finished it."
76561197969302422,Recommended,238430,32228343,Posted: 6 June,all,davetiger,"I'm really bad at reviews but I'll give it a go.  This game is pretty interesting.  The maps change on each play through so you can't just go he we need to go left here, because this time left might be sealed off :)  Game is a bit easy but I enjoy that part as I like a challenge without the serious focus requirements, I work to much and stress enough at work I don't need a game to stress me out too :)Pretty great zombie shooter if you like shooters with zombies this one is a good pick when you get a good price for it."
,Not Recommended,238430,31246278,Posted: 19 April,all,yalen,Dead and abandoned.
76561198068182835,Not Recommended,238430,22287301,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,wolfwood444 vel Bazi,"This game has a lot of potential but the developers sadly could not take advantage of that potential and left the game with many annoying and game experience breaking bugs and glitches.The game had a huge potential and hope when it came to modding community but sadly the developer broke workshop at some point and didnt fix it for a long time which resulted in the very few modders that it had, to leave and never come back, as well as potential new modders were driven away from it.Developers didnt fix the issue with creating Private games, you wont be able to connect with your friends on Steam if you unless you do mumbo jumbo with your router ports or use virtual LAN software like Tunngle. Shame that a game sold only on Steam cannot take advantage of Steamworks...As for the main attraction of the game, ZOMBIES, they lack variety, there is of course more then 10 skins (or even 15) but still you get situation where 3 exact looking zombies attack you and overall you have a feeling of fighting an army of zombie clones.... sorry but a zombie game which has slow pace, should at least 50. Plus animations are pretty bad.I would recommend the game for it pros as it has quite few, but I cant seeing how developer has stopped support and the game is left to root I cant, the reasons stated above are just not acceptable to recommend the game"
76561198116106491,Not Recommended,238430,15435659,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Blitz,"This game requires some tight co-ordination, remembering the map & if you are playing with random ppl on the internet, things might not work in your favor.Not your usual shoot, kick, slash, burn zombie game...Unless you have a group of dedicated friends to play with then only buy it or else Frustated all the time sigh... Not for me"
,Not Recommended,238430,23157953,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Tony,Was fun at the beginning but it looks pretty dead now without any further support.
76561198027141263,Recommended,238430,34094877,Posted: 7 August,all,PHILLDOZER,"this game gives me a walking dead feeling. kinda neat. devs abandoned it... boooooooo not cool. servers are dead, so better have friends linned up to play with or your in for a borring time. zombie players is a good concept, just has cancer movements, hard to shoot a player zombie when they eploit that. pretty neat. please devs, give the comunity better workshop access. it could make the game come backish. also, you walked out of my life like my father did... im damaged goods now. there are only two genders."
,Not Recommended,238430,34575760,Posted: 29 August,all,Flying tofu,7/10 - Gameplay2/10 - Community (dead)This was a good game but they didnt try to keep it alive.
76561198064623007,Not Recommended,238430,22918235,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,FeaR_TH3_Reap3R,"I used to give this game praise for it's design, but ironically, the more I play, the worse it becomes. Design-wise, the game is good, but the lack of people playing and the harsh death penalties make it no fun anymore. Here's how it goes:When a game starts, you are human. When you die, you turn zombie. Here's the bad part, when you die 5 times in a round, you go to spectate mode. No way to respawn, you don't get to come back until next round! GAMES NORMALLY LAST 30 MINUTES!!! That's half an hour to wait before you get to play again. You may be thinking ""oh, ill just quit and rejoin"" Nope, the server remembers you so it wont work. You also may think ""I'll join another server."" Well, the game is basically dead. At any given time, there's maybe 3 active servers per map. So technically, there's more servers than people. So unless you want to play alone, there's no point.Also the devs censor the reviews so they get higher placement on the steam store searches. Just goes to show you what scum they are."
76561198119995595,Not Recommended,238430,31344297,Posted: 24 April,all,LegionDiablo,I wish I can put this to be a neutral but I have to pick from the 2The game can be great if you have friends to play with and a private server. That way I would recommend the game.But it seams that devs did give up on this game. This is not a finished game. If you can get it on 80-90% off you can get it for yourself and your friends.The game is slow zombies and you have to save your ammo and really get the head shoots in there. There are some nice weapons and everything.The main problem is if you don't know where to go or what to do. If people that do know what to do join you will just run after them and try to survive and still not know what to do. And if people that don't know join than they will die fast and they will be human zombies that are more powerful and you will probably end up dead before you know what to do.
76561198017912357,Recommended,238430,15803106,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,burnie,By far my favorite zombie game. I keep coming back to it again and again because it get slow zombies right.
76561198049520513,Not Recommended,238430,9965635,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,shaakes (GMFB),"Would unfortunately not recommend yet. I am very surprised that this is supposedly a ""finished product"". Plays more like alpha or beta at the moment. Wouldnt have been disappointed if this was early access, but for a full release- come on guys. Good concept and will hopefully get there, but as of now consider it an early access game with many limitations."
,Not Recommended,238430,30684208,Posted: 23 March,all,The Thickness,"Don't bother the game is dead and devs dont give a ♥♥♥♥, currently as i write this review there are 26 players on so good luck finding a game"
,Not Recommended,238430,27578596,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,cappntone,"This game used to have potential, but the lack of support and the dwindling player base kept the game from reaching it's full potential. The most fun game modes have died out, you'll be lucky if you can find a server with more than 3 people on it."
76561198037654316,Recommended,238430,12443712,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Adolf_Schnitzeler,"Alrighty,This game definately doesn't deserve all the bad reviews it's getting.The Graphics might not be the newest, the Genre might not be a new invention...BUT. In all honesty this game was definately worth the $5 That I bought it for on the Sale. I ended up buying 6 copies just to share them with friends. There might only be a few maps and game modes but when playing this game with friends you'll get Hours of fun.... Expecially the first few times when you♥♥♥♥♥♥your pants as the Zombies break through the doors from all sides.If you have doubts about this game just wait for the next Sale. It's been on Sale quite often already."
76561198026223573,Not Recommended,238430,30807187,Posted: 28 March,all,khan,"+ eerie atmosphere+ good, fitting music+ slow, undead zombies (like in the old zombie movies)+ good maps+ slow, objective based gameplay (patience, ammo conservation and focus on objectives are essential)- bugs (i.e. game crashes, bad player zombie hit detection)- performance problems on some maps- terrible weapon balance (stock pistol 1-hits all zombies, no need to use other weapons)- maps are too long (when you lose connection or the game crashes, up to 30min of progress as surivor is lost)- only 2 zombie types: the standard zombie and the rare riot zombie (just a tougher version of the standard zombie)- lots of griefers who ruin games and devs don't do anything against them- some parts of the game are unfinished, i.e. many animations are very basicContagion had a good start, but devs lost momentum and now the game is in an unfinished state with lots of bugs. Also, griefers are a big problem. They have many ways to ruin a round (camping, teamkilling, hiding objective items, etc) and rarely get banned for it.In its current state, i can only recommend Contagion to people who like slow paced zombie shooters."
,Not Recommended,238430,9980256,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,RageMonkey,"Decent game, especially when it was $5 when it was in beta, BUT I would be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥if I spent $20 on this game now. It feels incomplete with lack of story or game types/maps. If they add more OR this SDK is released and the community makes some awesome stuff, that can make this game worth $20, but right now they don't deserve $20 for what they have put out."
76561197985266570,Not Recommended,238430,25598811,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,"Violence, Speed, Momentum","You are better off playing the free on steam ""No More Room in Hell""this game has 0-dev support and is dead."
76561198077873244,Not Recommended,238430,29366208,Posted: 19 January,all,Nattramn ✠,"I remember when they launched this game 3 years ago. It was a game with potential. In its best days this game was really good, even in its beta version. Now, after 3 years without playing it, I see that it is absolutely f*ucked up. No one is online, if you find people online there will be 14 or 15 people. it is full of bugs (I think it has more bugs now than when it was launched) and it is not funny anymore. It is like a bad mod of NMRIH, which is really good, is similar and is a free-to-play. 3 years ago I would recommend this game, now I tell you DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY, devs abandoned the game. RIP Contagion."
76561198091087844,Not Recommended,238430,30738889,Posted: 25 March,all,Trexkilla55,The multiplayers dead
,Not Recommended,238430,33113063,Posted: 1 July,all,shadow,"This game could've been great, but the servers are dead. As a multiplayer game, unless you have a group to bring into the game with you, there's just no point to buying it."
,Not Recommended,238430,32909613,Posted: 27 June,all,Johnny Two Tips,Pretty decent gameplay buuuuuuuuuuuut way too many technical issues and the devs have pretty much abandoned the game.
76561198069647393,Not Recommended,238430,30427916,Posted: 10 March,all,"Adds, The Spoopy Ghost",Contagion used to be a game about avoiding zombies.Now it's a game about avoiding bugs.
,Recommended,238430,7773276,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Mav,This game is a enjoyable game.I think the way the game should be played is with friends so tell youre friends to buy it.I play the hunted mode as i find it tense and exciting.But i know a lot of people prefer co-op.8.2/10
76561198015017230,Not Recommended,238430,29864285,Posted: 11 February,all,Cyber Shadow,"I Reccomended this game a few years ago but seeing how the game was released in such a poor state then quickly abandoned, it's now a dead game.Just go back to Left 4 Dead 2."
,Recommended,238430,12487825,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Lexx,"I would recomend this to anyone who likes LFD1/2 DayZ and No more room in hell.Its an 8 player coop game with differnt game types: escape, hunted, extraction, panic, spread over a number of differnt maps and the devs appear to be adding more quite regularly.This game is alot slower then something like LFD, head shots are key to killing the zombies and if you get a bite from a zombie you can turn into one which can make things alot harder for the survivors. (its also ALOT of fun)It can get crazy with lots of zombies and scary when your the only survivor left trying to make it to the end.The only negatives to this game are the lack of players: sometimes it can be hard to find a good server but that is also getting better. Also if your new to the game starting out can be really confusing, there isnt anything telling you where to go exactly, you do have a phone that will txt you when objectives are complete but that is about it.If you like coop zombie games get this! its well worth it."
,Not Recommended,238430,33565205,Posted: 15 July,all,Joelony,"Dead game. I am new to PC gaming and I am also new to the pitfalls of Steam, dying games, and lying devs (although I do have consoles, and yes, I have played No Man's Sky...) But never have I seen such rampant criminal developers that have an ""announcement,"" ""future updates,"" and ""more to come"" with no intention of delivering on their empty promises. I get not wanting to market a failed, dying, or dead game; that's bad for future projects. But they'll let a dead game shamble it's way on to steam sales because ""hey, you never know, maybe some idiot will buy this and then not request a refund."" Well, I'm getting a refund."
,Not Recommended,238430,15505464,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Don Jon,Never going to be finished with the promised features.
,Recommended,238430,9836356,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Captain828,"This review is for the Release Version!tl;dr version:Though there are some issues with zombie pathing and balancing, the value you're getting at $20 is excellent considering there is Workshop support coming soon and that the devs are commited to bringing releasing free DLCs with new guns, characters, maps and even game modes.Should you get it? if you like a challenge and prefer realistic gameplay, definitely.Pros:- excellent gun mechanics with realistic ballistics, penetration, recoil and decent weapon sounds- atmospheric- varied game modes (pvp, coop and survival)- solid replayability on the escape maps (you actually get completely different endings, paths, objectives and loot spawn locations, unlike L4D2 that just makes loot random and the odd door here and there)- challenging (you can die quite easily if you're not paying attention)- good bullet detection in pvp and not a lot of lag either- several characters to choose from- good graphics (still the Source Engine, but the lighting is very good indoor and the weapon models are very detailed)- a good variety of weapon types (melee weapons, sidearms, SMGs, ARs, shotguns, a sniper rifle, a crossbow and explosives)- weapon animations are very well made- devs are easy to reach to and helpful- official modding support (SDK)- upcoming Steam Workshop integration- upcoming free DLC- frequent updatesCons:- melee play feels clunky (still a lot better than DayZ though, but less fluid than Dead Island)- pathing issues with zombies (has improved a bit since the alpha, but there are still issues, especially with doors)- escape objectives are not very clear and can lead to a lot of head scratching at times- due to the dynamic nature of the escape maps, balancing is hit or miss at times (you can either get quicly swarmed, not find enough ammo or end up with a riot zombie that blocks you and that you can't kill quickly enough)- no option to control the volume level of the characters- graphics are inconsistent in outdoor areas (some areas are detailed others not so much)- few zombie models and only three zombie ""types"" (slow, fast and armored)- fairly limited number of maps- zombie animations can get stuck when in ""roam mode"" where you see the zombie continue to try and walk when he has an obstacle in front of him (happens a lot less since the last updates)- crossbow bolts sometimes can't be retrieved (not sure if feature or bug :) )- zombie clipping can occur (especially near closed doors that have to be activated by a switch)- learning curve can be steep as there is no dedicated tutorial (this has improved since they've added tooltips post-release)Personal opinion:Personally, I've followed Contagion since their kickstarter and jumped aboard fairly soon after they got on steam and had the chance to see them build upon the game, adding new content, fixing bugs and improving the experience.The dev team is comprised mostly of the people that worked on the excellent Zombie Panic Source mod for HL2 and while the production value of this game is very high compared to some other indie titles, they are a small team with a limited budget.Arguably, for $20, Left 4 Dead 2 offers a ton of content and replayability in a solid experience; so does Dead Island and State of Decay.Also, for $10 more, there is DayZ, which is pretty much an MMO in terms of what you can do in the game world, the huge scope, vast arsenal, customizing and rich PVP experience.However, I feel like it's unfair to compare Contagion to similar zombie games like Left 4 Dead, Dead Island or State of Decay that cost millions to make.I believe that if we continue to show them our support they will also continue to add content to the game, fix bugs and perhaps even come with new game modes or features, similar to what they did for ZPS.As of 10.05.2014, they've released several updates, an official modding SDK, have revamped the zombie sounds and have promised to release a new escape map, free DLC with new characters, new guns and a new game mode, as well as Steam Workshop integration."
76561198086132270,Not Recommended,238430,22464810,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,LeanBean,"(disclaimer. This review will not review the actual game, it will review the inactivity and my personal thoughts about the game's state) Oh sweet, sweet nostalgia. I remember this game, back when it was active. It was an amazing game honestly. I still get the temptation to visit it in hopes of some kind of activity. I know I'll be disapointed. I know I'll waste my time waiting for it to load, but I'm going to try. Maybe something lucky will happen and I'll find some people to talk to. This game is to inactive to be fun anymore. Oh wait, I forgot I uninstalled it. I remember me and a few other survivors grouping up in one room hoping we could survive the swarms of walkers. I remember playing with friends on this game. It was good but not anymore."
76561198000179115,Recommended,238430,10961929,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,CRY FOR ME,"With its Romero-esque atmosphere, addictive cooperative gameplay, and challenging maps, Contagion is easily my favorite game in the zombie genre.  An attentive team of developers have made Contagion a continually enjoyable and improving experience."
,Not Recommended,238430,26299000,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Skullkan6,"Ignore your friends, don't buy this.If you liked Zombie Panic: Source, go play that. Don't support these guys.It's terrible. There's clearly money and effort put into everything in this to try to elevate it above being a source mod, but none of that matters if the core gameplay is bad. Popping zombies in the head with your pistol is fun for a while, and tense as it's not easy but I am being serious when I say there is nothing else there to the gameplay.Guns are scarce to a point where you more luck into a playstyle than you do choose how you want to play or adapt to what's going on. However, ammo is plentiful and melee weapons are so dangerous and inconsistent they are useless.There's a barricade tool, but it's only useable for certain areas and useless the rest of the time.There's cool ideas, but none of them are implemented well. Not one.I have played an♥♥♥♥♥ton of zombie games looking for good ones and I want this one to be good. But jesus christ the devs have been asses on the forums, the  game has only gotten limited support since release and it doesn't look like it will be turning around any time soon.Go play Zombie Panic: Source or No More Room in Hell. Both are better and free.Somehow No More Room in Hell comes out feeling more polished, despite this having a budget.If you really want to defend this game, you can talk to me in the commments, but jesus christ I have no idea how you sado-masochists do it.It's not that fun, it's not scary and it's not scary enough to justify the core gameplay not being fun."
,Recommended,238430,10639726,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Cagulo,"Reached the helicopter phase and was waiting to be extracted after 30mins of team work, with everyone alive and I somehow got infected and turned into a zombie right in the middle of everyone who proceeded to empty their magazines on my poor body while telling me how sorry they were.10/10 will turn again."
,Not Recommended,238430,9857825,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,bob4life10,"bought a 4 pack of this at beta stage, and iv found the updates that were quite wide and far between only seemed to make the game more and more terrible as time progressed. almost as if negative effort was being applied.the gameplay is shoddy and dull at best. the one thing i seemed to like, which was zombies bodies reacting to shots and added my dynamic and tense gameplay, was removed. multiplayer, at best, can be called broken, at worst, called a steaming pile of dissapointment sprinkled with the remains of your 20 dollars. starting up a private server and playing by yourself was infinitely more tense and fun then joining a server and crashing to desktop or being stuck in a T pose with no way to progress through the level.iv followed this game since it premiered on mod indieDB back 3-5 years ago, and found the gameplay of the actual game a stark, depressing contrast to the exciting dev videos i saw in my freshman year. this game is not finished. it was a nice effort of theirs calling it done, but its only done in namesake. its still thoroughly beta and each dissapointing buggy playthrough will only strengthen that beliefi give this ""completed"" game 1 out of 9 empty dr. pepper cans currently in my room at the point of me writing this"
76561198142438563,Recommended,238430,29165332,Posted: 10 January,all,Tim Bishop,"First off, while I recomend the game, it is not worth full proce at all. The contols are sluggish, there aren't many servers, andthe lack of teamwork is not good. It is a fine game to buy on sale, and good for a few hours of fun."
,Not Recommended,238430,18809942,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Princess Nami,"Looks great, plays great but falls shortI bought this game on sale at 80% off, but I ended up still being dissapointed.Pros:+ Great graphics+ Level design is good+ Objectives are decent+ A variety of game modes+ Co-op, always a plus for me+ You can play as zombies too+ Different characters you can play asCons:- Has a low playerbase- Community isn't great- Combat leans more to guns- People don't work together in games- Difficult due to bad teamwork of most players- Hordes of zombies just seem impossible to survive- Melee weapons need pin point accuracy to be effective- Objectives need to be better shown and directed, annoying to have to check the phone all the timeMy Opinion:I wanted another great zombie game to play, I like zombie games where you get objectives and have to make your way from A to B. I love No More Room In Hell and Left For Dead 2, I've tried other similar games and now I've tried contagion. I wasn't fond of it, looks and plays nice but the players and combat bring it down."
76561198202168284,Not Recommended,238430,20167925,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,lil boat,"I mean it's a pretty good game, but your not going to see much out of it anymore, not a whole lot of people play, there are to many trolls, and the devolopers are very stubborn.Some people may like it, i still play it every once in a while, but i don't really suggest buying it..."
,Recommended,238430,12756930,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,LockeProposal,"+ Impressive visuals; exterior environments look incredible; water/rain effects really stand out and react wonderfully with lighting+ Cell phone is a great feature that was integrated very well with gameplay+ Only a handful of game-modes, but many of them are novel and fun with tons of replay value+ Controlling zombies after death was very well implemented; devs put more thought into this than most games of the genre, and there is an unexpected amount of functionality+ Maps are surprisingly large and easy to lose yourself in+ Barricading mechanics are simple and intuitive+ Game engine is very, very well-optimized; the game runs smoothly+ Maps change every game; Objectives differ, paths close and open, item/weapon pickups are randomized+ Voice communications operate on differing channels; survivors use one channel, and player-controlled zombies use another (this adds so much to the game, as player controlled zombies can effectively coordinate against their former companions, basically turning death into the start of a new game with new objectives, on the same map, against other players - VERY fun)+ None of those endlessly recycled ""special"" zombies that are so prevalent in other games of the genre (with the exception of a ""riot-gear"" zombie, but they are just scarce enough to be a minor challenge without the pitfalls of being irritating)- Melee weapons were not as well done as I've seen in other products of this genre, and they are rarely used; the game places an overwhelming emphasis on firearmsLockeProposal's Big Day OutCommunity GroupCurator PageSerious Steam Reviews subReddit"
,Not Recommended,238430,31735707,Posted: 13 May,all,Falconhoof,"DEAD GAMEgame advertised deceptively for small cash profit that led people to believe that it will become completed yet was dropped since it's inception - failed to work out bugs 4 years later, poor team."
76561198118478295,Recommended,238430,30210586,Posted: 26 February,all,Rick,Slower L4D2 with EXTREME emphasis on conserving ammo. Not as exciting or fast paced as most zombie games but definitely more tense and eerie. Highly advised playing this with friends unless you wanna sp00k yourself alone.
,Not Recommended,238430,13883484,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,みoƦƦoƦ ₣o父,"Hey everyone and this is my review about the game!This is a really bad zombie shooter game.Interface/Menu/SettingsThere are only a little bit of resolution sizes available.You can choose between fullscreen mode, Windowed mode or no border windowed mode.There is a game volume slidebar available.There is a music volume slidebar availalble.There is a sound volume slidebar available.You are able to turn on the subtitles.There is a voice volume slidebar available.There is a brightness Gamma Slidebar available.You are able to change the controls on the keyboard or mouse.There is a sensitivity meter, For scope and also for ironsights.You are able to play the game with a controller.There is local co-op available.About the game.You can't loot bodies or Pick up Knives in the kitchen or any kind of bag. In fact, you are very limited on what you are able to pick up or open things. Zombies are able to hit you from a distance, but you are not able to hit them from a distance. They can even hit you, even if they are not facing you and it feels too much as  ""left 4 dead"". but without SPECIAL INFECTED.You do can kill zombies that are behind a door.  I do like that a phone knows where you are going and is able to talk to you all the time. (not really i dont like it). Zombies are moving already to a location that you are about to walk to. not like braindead following you... So if you move to left they will also move to left. ON THE EXACT SAME TIME!There is a difficulty level available.Zombie animation is very stiff.There are many characters available that you are able to choose from. Each with their own weapon perk.Game is okay and boring on the same time,Radius of the grenade is weird.Poor graphics.There are different game modes and objectives.Melee action is almost impossible without getting hurt yourself.Dark atmosphere is okay, good enough to turn your flashlight on.Other things.These are not zombies - but infected because as they are able to climb over things.You can see shadows from the zombies behind the wall. So that you know there is a zombie behind the wall.You are very limited on what you are able to do and that is one of the reasons what ruins the game.Let's Try video:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=avHCVfdcg8g-------------------I Give this game a 3/10"
,Not Recommended,238430,15144048,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,shortdog,only like 6 levels in this game and they all suck
76561198114309849,Not Recommended,238430,15565268,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,cjenkinson,Boring-boring-boring: Same ole time and time again. Or...perhaps I didn't get it. But still...Boring-boring-boring.
76561198062651893,Recommended,238430,16283151,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,ENDERHART,"Joined a serverMet a personcalled him friend as did hea player zombie bit himhe told me to put him out of his painI got sad as did hei took out my shotgunhe said do itI shot him...I found a grenadei attracted the hordeand i pulled the pinand died10,000/9,999 Would cry again."
,Not Recommended,238430,34448357,Posted: 23 August,all,Gabe Logan,"""Stop paying more- We will be releasing new content and 2 DLC Bundles in 2014... For Free! This was decided in 2010. Once you own Contagion you will never have to pay for updates or DLC bundles we develop for it... Ever.""I hoped this was true, it aint."
,Not Recommended,238430,35156340,Posted: 23 September,all,Detective Sadist,"While this game was really fun to play upon release with it's various game modes, co-op and competetive variations, sadly the developers did nothing to keep this game alive and it slowly but surely became forgotten.PRO- The game looks pretty nice with it's rain effects, interiors and zombie textures.- Headshots feel so satisfying with the skull and brain shattering as the bullet enters.- The competetive and co-op modes both feel fun (as long as you're playing with decent people)- Maps are big and create an atmosphere of tension and cautionCON- Last update was over a year ago- Bugs and glitches plague the game since release- Objectives are sometimes unclear and can get you lost/killed- While trying to play a laboratory lab kinda level my friend kept crashing at the same certain part repeatedly.- Easy to get overwhelmed out of nowhere (which is usually good but not when the weapons hardly do damage)- Players as zombies is just a pain as they are difficult to killThere are better zombie shooter games to play which is a shame because this could have been something good if the developers bothered to keep it fresh.4/10"
76561198122799510,Not Recommended,238430,28565441,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Poelander04,"If you want a game to just cassually play alone, don't get this game."
,Not Recommended,238430,22296743,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,I Swear to drunk I'm not God,"tier0.dll makes the game crash all the time.No support whatsoever, impossible to contact the the team for help, so I basically just threw my money in the trash."
,Recommended,238430,7595299,"Posted: 7 November, 2013",all,Deathcore Fiend,*UPDATE*This game is out now. Like. Fully. Its alot better now since it has alot more maps and even workshop intergration. I fully encourage you to buy the game. It has a bunch of new game modes such as the classic Zombie Panic mode or somewhat. But yeah i will move my 7/10 to a 8/10.Great game.Still has a small few bugs.Also i will remove the old part of the review since it is no long my opinion on the game anymore
76561198027212551,Not Recommended,238430,15878819,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,thebobster,"The base gameplay disappointed me. Progressing through the game's levels seems to alternate between insta-killing every zombie running at you with headshots from a mile away (this works with almost any weapon, so there's really no point to carrying other weapons aside from using the separate ammo) and being swarmed and quickly killed in tight quarters by either a huge swarm that spawned in thanks to an ending sequence or one of the armored zombies.There's extremely little in the ways of avoiding/stealthing/distracting and the melee combat has no weight at all (zombies will continue to run at you at full speed while you attack them, so you'll just be constantly running backwards while slowly chipping away at their health), so I never felt like the game gave me any choice or variety.The netcode was a problem in the majority of servers I played (leading to unreliable combat), the player zombie mechanic is frustrating rather than an interesting challenge, and there's almost no mechanics that reward or even acknowledge co-operative play. Medical supplies or other interesting items that could be used to help other players are extremely rare, and covering/protecting teammates is mostly a non-problem in the linear campaign levels, where you will most likely be funneling everyone, including the zombies, through single doorways and alleyways to be shot/slapped with your gun.I wanted to like this game from the start, when I bought it on early access, and I love the art design, but it all feels wasted in one of the blandest zombie/co-operative games I've ever played. I don't think anything short of a complete redesign of the game mechanics could get me back into this game again.EDIT 11/28/15:I have a lot of changes to make to this review, such as looking at some of the newer maps and some of the content I missed. I'll start on the revisions when the 'Flatline' game-mode has been released."
,Not Recommended,238430,15941685,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Monkey,"This game is all but abandoned. There are a few servers that still have an active following, but they re-play the same map over and over. There are some thrills associated with it when you are playing certain game modes, however, the overall community associated with the game is nearly dead. I would not recommend buying this game unless you have a group of friends who are willing to buy it with you."
,Not Recommended,238430,12431566,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Geomike,"Way too many bugs to be considered a final game.  The movement feels clunky (your default speed is slower than a zombie's), weapon controls are funky, and the game just feels like it's lagging even when it isn't.I'm throughly disappointed this game didn't offer the realism and cooperative gameplay it advertised."
,Not Recommended,238430,29350677,Posted: 18 January,all,Sausagetalk,"Underdeveloped, unfinished, and full of massive bugs. Pass on this."
76561197996537161,Not Recommended,238430,11125801,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,HfG≈EaterOfFetus (SR),"gets boring quick...  if u dont have freinds that play it can be frustrating. not to mention i didnt find a single player that wanted to stick together and survive. too many lone wolfs ruin the experience. all in all, for 20$? maybe for 10...  and only maybe then"
,Not Recommended,238430,33921228,Posted: 30 July,all,FastLawyer,I played this game a little and could never get into it.  It really wasn't that fun a MP and now it's dead.  Wish I could bring my money back from the grave.  Oh well.Rate 4/10 then and now 1/10 (with community gone)
76561198094709514,Recommended,238430,8215740,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,S1mplyWhite,"Really good concept, i love everything about it. Needs more maps and gamemodes though."
,Not Recommended,238430,21246589,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,[HomuHomu] IJ,"Pros:-Different take on a zombie killer is a breath of fresh air.-Players' ability to be common zombies is definitely another breath of fresh air.-Workshop support, and by extension, modability.-To make up for the difficulty of hosting games over the Internet (details below), it does have rather decent single-player gameplay.Cons:-Seems to need a powerful computer and graphics subsystem to play, i.e. something more powerful than even L4D2 needs.-No lobby to gather friends or other players in.-Woefully lacking network support that other Source games have makes it really difficult to host games over the Internet.  Needs either Hamachi, NeoRouter, Evolve, Tunngle, or router/firewall portforwarding/port unblocking wizardry to work at all, let alone well.-No Linux dedicated server.  Most dedicated server establishments are built on Linux owing to the expense of getting a Windows license, not to mention the fact that the best place for a Windows system is behind a heavily-fortified firewall.-In light of the above, the price on a game this modern might scare off others.  Were this in GoldSrc, I'd give it a pass.  Not this time.A mixed bag, but the best time to pick up this game is when it has a very steep discount applied to it, i.e. during seasonal and ""special event"" sales.  Until these deficiencies are addressed, my thumb goes down."
76561197968559533,Not Recommended,238430,9939586,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Agatsu,"Until they fix the horrible navigation, I can't recommend this... unless you enjoy running around aimlessly for literally 10 minutes at a time without knowing where the hell you're supposed to go, that is - because that's what you're going to be doing most of the time in this game.I realize the intention was probably to make it intense because you need to find out where to go and need to explore, but it's frustrating instead.I just quit a game where we tried to find the objective for 15 minutes straight, with 8 people, until we decided getting eaten by zombies was a better fate than slowly getting bored to death.Don't get me wrong, except for THAT, it's a good game and can be intense and lots of fun, but since you're just aimlessly running around for the other 2/3rd of the time, that one thing ruins it and makes it not worthy of my time, and probably not yours.tl;dr fix navigation or gtfo"
,Not Recommended,238430,11125143,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,TheSneakyChicken,"There were a bunch of negative reviews regarding Contagion when I got this game, but it was only $5 and it LOOKED really cool. So I was like, ""all these people are crazy, this game is going to be dope"". Please do not make the mistake I made. Contagion has some really cool ideas and concepts, but the execution of those ideas and concepts is rather disappointing. The game has potentional, but at the moment I urge you not to get this game, and certainly not for $20. Glad I only ended up wasting five bucks instead of four times that."
,Not Recommended,238430,14935850,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Eddie,It's like Left 4 Dead and DayZ had a failed abortion.
,Recommended,238430,12461582,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Blondie Birthday Girl,"This is probably one of the best, if not the best, zombie game i ever played. The escape mode is just insane !From the voice in when you hear people close to you but not from far, from the realistic zombies who will get you not because they are fast or special but because they are so many,.. and you can play with friends or random, you will need all the help you can find !  IF you wanna make it stick to your friends !hours playe, hours enjoyed !And finally a blonde survivor ! yay to us blondies !"
,Not Recommended,238430,17314486,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Peashooter,"Many of my friends and I are into zombie co-op games, so naturally Contagion is one of the titles which we would try on. Before I begin on descirbing the game itself, the first thing I would like to mention is that the number of people on my friend list who has the game, which is 21, is higher than the number of total players currently in game at the time I am writing this review. So, unless you can find yourself a good team (this is an 8 player co-op zombie killing game), please be prepared to face zombie hordes yourself. There will be one or two players in certain servers, but they will most likely leave half way or rambo about and turn into a zombie before you can realize what is going on. You will be real luckly if you can meet a quality player or two in any server. Truth to be told, this game has seen better days in terms of player count.There are some merits to the game itself. First of all, as a realistic zombie apocalypse co-op game, the game is rather well-made, graphically speaking. The game itself uses the source engine, so expect something along the line of Left 4 Dead. The game mechanism is rather simple and bare, so as to make sure that you don't get too much on-screen help. There will only be a health and stamina bar; you can carry 4 items of all types, some essential in solving in-game quests; you will only be able to see the silhouettes of items when you go near them. Realism, so yes, that's all you get. The enemies are simpler as well, as there will only be two types of zombies, one the normal ones where you can kill with a bullet in the head, if you are able to place it there accurately that is. The other is a ""riot police"" zombie, which soaks a lot more lead before you can kill it. Bullets are as scarce as they are sacred in the game, so think before you shoot if you can help it. Oh and you won't have a crosshair so you will need to depend on iron sights unless you are using a shotgun.Having said all that, the game itself is really not bad, though there are major problems elsewhere. Firstly, this game has a poor finishing. In the game I was playing before writing this review (and left because I was alone and I got overran halfway), I was pushed down a ladder by a zombie. That wasn't the problem, the problem is that, after being pushed down and suffering some dammage, my gun model disappeared! It won't be much of a problem if this is another game, but do not forget that Contagion does not offer any corsshair. So, what happened is that, I can't use my iron sight because the model has disappeared! The problem was solved by switching to another item (a card-key) and back, but shouldn't this bug be fixed at some point? Also, I have had issues with map skins. I was playign an official map and all reflective surfaces (and glasses) turned cyan after I did some alt-tabbing. You will know that vision is real important in this game if you are familiar with it, and it is not a simple matter of being irritating when glasses turn into solid cyan. If you can't see what's behind, hordes can close in a lot easier. Trust me, it's fatal.And did I mention that zombies tend to get stuck a lot? Yeah, though I am not complaining.Also, let's not forget that Contagion has an extremely weak game community. There's just a handful of players here and there, and there really isn't much of a back-up community to support the game. Not much custom maps, same old boring official maps with the same quests again and again, it gets repetitive. There are some die-hard fans, though most of the players I met are those who came back after a year or so to clear everything again, and then leaving it to gather dust in the vitural game shelf. I am one of them.So, my final words will be that, do not get the game unless you know what is going on and what you will be expecting. You'll most likely enjoy a lone adventure for an hour, maybe with a random teammate or two who has 300 ping, and then grow bored with it pretty soon. Nothing too fancy about this game that is worth the money."
,Recommended,238430,29056683,Posted: 6 January,all,8sianDude,"Contagion is a zombie game that offers you several game modes and maps to explore and survive the rise of the infecteds in game modes such as Escape and Extraction. The gameplay is relatively slower paced in modes like Escape as compared to other zombie games like No More Room in Hell and Left 4 Dead 2. In Hunted mode, you're placed with not just the threat of zombies, but also your fellow survivors trying to hunt you down. Not to mention, you can also play as one of the zombies when you died as a survivor, hence providing you the ability to command other zombies to hunt down your former survivor friends. Furthermore, you can also play as a cockroach instead of the typical and boring spectator camera.Pros:*Devs did a great effort in producing a game with an apocalypstic atmosphere with the great use of lighting and eerie background music.*Offers many game modes and several maps to survive.*Every time you play Escape and Extraction, objectives are shifted which provides you with unique pathways to explore the world of the living dead.*A large variety of weapons to choose from.*Instead of waiting for the game to finish after you died as a survivor, you can play as a zombie.*You can play as a cockroach instead of becoming a boring spectator camera.*Has steam workshop to customise your game.Cons:*Some guns seems to be unfinished. e.g. when unloading the Remington 870, the racking sound of the pump cannot be heard, unlike the Mossberg 590.*The Scar-L's suppressor doesn't actually reduce the noise effect of the gun on the zombies, but rather attract more zombies.*Some melee weapons have their sound misplaced in the animation, especially performing a stealth kill on the zombies. e.g. baseball bat.*Lack of updates and new contents for the game which the devs had promised.*Some maps such as Barlowe Square can be a maze in game modes such as Escape, which can be hideous sometimes when you try to complete an objective.*Some maps such as Roanoke PD has a bug where you can sometimes hear the helicopter's sound on the roof even though it has not spawned yet. Likewise, when you enter back into the police station building after the trip to the roof, the roof environment sound can still be heard.*When you spawn into an Escape game, you start at the beginning of the map, regardless of how many objectives other players had completed. This can be annoying when you try to catch up to other survivors.*Has a bug where zombies can sometimes get stuck in some places of the map. Such as windows or furniture when they're spawned.All in all, I still personally enjoy this game regardless of the unfinished contents, bugs and lack of new updates. Its still fun to play with your friends and a game worth a try if you're into zombie, horror and survival games.Rate: 6.5/10"
,Not Recommended,238430,34555783,Posted: 28 August,all,xcrt1zevlr4,"It was potentially successful project, that was left for dead by his own devs."
,Not Recommended,238430,34159974,Posted: 10 August,all,Hard Setting Third Level Boss,"Before H1Z1, Dayz And PubG this was the survival game to play..Before the devs completely gave up on it. Glad i got to experience the game during its peak back in 2013 when it was in Beta....Do not buy this game, on sale or otherwise."
,Recommended,238430,34805976,Posted: 7 September,all,Beauty and The Brew,"Contagion was one of these games promised a lot and actually delivered. It was an extremely fun and atmospheric game.The maps were on point, sound design was very immersive, and gameplay was solid. Too me this game was going to be the next L4D. With such a strong foundation to the game I thought for sure content would continue to be made and the game would be expanded upon...we were all wrong.Base game is completed and that is it...the game for all purposes is abandonded and it has no future in regards to updates or content. Be mindful the game still has an EXTREMELY small player base - game can peak to around 60 users. Otherwise it isn't very populated.It's more disapointing seeing a good game with a lot of potential not being utilized, but at least the game was finished as promised.Recommending this game because it is a good game....just be mindful that it is abandonded and there are not many players.The devs are creating a new game called Project Ageless, we'll see how that game goes."
76561197988863895,Not Recommended,238430,20308897,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,blaster182,"Don't buy it. It doesn't work well on Windows 10, and it looks like it never will. Apparently the developers don't care about their costumers. They are not going to fix game breaking exploits nor handle trolls. I didn't have fun playing, just disappointment. My money was thrown at people who don't deserve. Hope it helps someone to not waste money, there are a lot of better games that need support."
76561198105430566,Not Recommended,238430,31334119,Posted: 23 April,all,Hastur,"This game is quite bad, the characters are all terrible and the graphics aren't too flash. There is no-one playing it anymore so single player is your only option really.i got it a long time ago for something like 2$ and it really has not changed from what it was in early access then to what it is now, basically the same thing with the same bugs and bad animations"
,Not Recommended,238430,33360470,Posted: 7 July,all,SugarNSpicez,"I used to enjoy this game - when the community was still active. Now it's practically dead, this game had so much potential to become a great zombie game. However, one day the devs just disappeared. So many empty promises."
,Not Recommended,238430,16460390,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,NuclearShadow,"It's not that the game is bad but rather it's simply bland.   As I type this it's on sale for $5  and it has been cheaper  even here on Steam when I bought it for $3.74   it's also been similary priced on the humble store for $4.    So know that the game has and no doubt will be again cheaper if you're on a tight budget.   The standard asking price of $20 is absurd though and is clearly priced high soley to make it appealing during large Steam sales.The game has two major modes.  One being a Co-op where you have to advance through the map doing objectives while trying to not become zombie lunch.  This mode is the best the game has to offer but it's not great.   The generic gameplay  gets old quite fast so hopefully whomeever you are playing with (and god help you if you actually bother to play alone) better be a rather amusing friends.   Otherwise once you play a map once there is little reason to ever play it again even though objectives are  somewhat randomized each time.     The game is terribly easy except if one of you actually manages to die.   If that occurs they get a few zombie lives and  this is where diffaculty steps up, player zombies are a actual threat and likely your team will be wiped out due to them in many cases.   This also causes trolls to get themselves killed to disrupt the game as early as possible.  These types of players are not overly common but do exist.Then there is the PVP mode which is just god awful.  It mostly consists of players trying to camp  and a few being brave enough to hunt the others down.  The phone can be used as a method of  playing hot and cold  which will give away other players positions.  Why do you have the numbers of everyone you are trying to hunt? Who knows, but while this may sound like a neat feature it also serves as a warning to the camper that the threat is coming.    Again with the majority of players prefering to camp this causes the brave hunters to often die because killing 4 campers one after enough tends to get you shot a few times during the fire fights.  It's a terrible game design.   Likewise however if you die you become a zombie and can try to get some  brain flavored revenge.... or cheat...  You see the game has another issue when friends play together it doesn't take long before they realize the zombie can help their buddy human.   So lets say the human is camping in a room with 1 entrance  the zombie can sit just outside and call NPC zombies to gather keep calling them keeps the zombies with him making  a zombie protective shield  for thier friend and attacking any player that comes and you'll know their coming because they will no doubt be using the noisy phone.Beyond game-play  the sound is generic, and the graphics are heavily aged because they decided to go with the Source engine.  A great engine sure even more so in its prime but we see other indie games looking better or having unique art styles to comensate this just once again decides to be bland.    There are just too many games today to choose from that do this genre better, some of them even free like No More Room in Hell.   So there's no reason to buy this game at the end of the day.   You're reading this review during a sale right?  You can do better for your $5."
,Not Recommended,238430,10069915,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Sly Fly,"//Updated with responce to Awesome-oFirst of all, when I bought this game it was in beta stage. However, there was no indication of game being not finished.I was actually hoping to see the complete release version when I was buying the game without ""Early Access"" warning (which they removed because, apparently, beta equals release).I find this to be misleading adverstment and a foul play to trick players into buying this game and this is a one huge reason to consider twice before buying any other possible titles published by Monochrome.Animations are hideous, sounds are acceptable and gameplay is basicly boring and repetative.Oficial hosted servers feature the difficultues above normal as rarely as dragons borns to this world and, believe me, normal difficulty is not challenging at all. Yet the game allows you to host your very own little server with ability of minimal management of it.Game still develops, but yet again - I was hoping to play a bloody complete game. Therefore, I do not recommend to buy this game or other future possible titles of this publisher just because of the way they treated the steam community with this one.Also, what is going on with ""indie"" being placed on every single title published by amateurs?Indie is not an indicator of how developers were poor while developing the game. Indie is not about consuming the fast food while developing your little toy. Indie is not about begging the community for money at kickstarters or whatever.Indie stands for independence. The ability to manifest your very own and your very original view on something in your game. Contagion was contaminated with community at alpha. This is not an indie game - developer depends on playerbase.This is just bold daylight robbery.Awesome-o, your comment is very inaccurate and is full of false and misleading information.The game is no longer in ""Early Access""I know, right? That is the main point of this review.the animations are really good because they utilise the source engine effectivelyNope, they are not. You can take a look at cinematic SFM release trailer as a sample of animations and I really doubt that a living being is able to perform such oddities. In game reloading, moving and head bobbing (which failes to turn off when turned off in options forsome reason) are awful.With same success I may ""utilise the whole collection of my crayons effectively"" to draw a doodle on my wall.This game will always be ""in development""And I really hope that it will be in development for, at least, two more years.Full release and exit from the Early Access status usually means that all or most of planned features were implented in game. A good developers adds the minimal ammount of bugs to this checklist as well.This is clearly not a case here. I own this game for few months already and I keep receiving 250MB-400MB updates from time to time.This game is crawling with game breaking bugs.The day I bought this game I had no sounds at all available in game, which was reported by many other users as well.In same version survivors were able to climb on the weapon's shop on Barlove Square, where no zombie could reach them.In same version survivor could be trapped inside the objective without ability to leave it in rescue game mode.In same version zombies had 8 audio files, which makes approximetly 20% of current zombie sounds.In same version boltcutters/keys failed to drop from the deceased survivor, which made it impossible to complete the escape game mode.In same version it was possible to delay the infection by allowing the zombie to bite you again, while pressing the movement button.Does not sounds like a good experience, eh?Some of them were fixed in recent 200MB patches, some are still available for experiencing and dozens of new ones are added each patch.Bloody hell, they are still adding the maps (which are very few for now) and game mods after the ""full release""!Contagion is and always will be an indie game because the devs published the game themselves.Your definition of indie game is poor and incomplete.Assassin's creed black flag is indie game then because it was developed by Ubisoft Montreal and published by Ubisoft."
76561198046254935,Recommended,238430,12005161,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Ozfer,"-Review for release version-First off, I have no idea why this is getting so many negative reviews.  This game is hands down one of my favorite video games *ever*, and not without reason.  I'll split this review into three sections:The Co-op Game ModesCo-op is IMO, one of the weaker aspects of the game, but even then manages to be pretty good, if co-op is your thing.  Extraction is my favorite of the two team modes, where you must find survivors hiding in their homes, defend them from zombies, and get them to the edge of the quarantine zone.  The sheer number of zombies pressing in on whatever stronghold you happen to be in is enough to cause panic at the worst of times.  Add the zombies ability to climb into the mix, and often you'll watch a friend as a hungry mouth stretches through a window to bite him.The NPC survivors are admittedly not the brightest, but it's nothing game breaking.PVP- The HuntI know that Contagion is primarily marketed as a co-op game.  Do yourself a favor, and play the pvp.  It's the best.  Playing with friends makes it better than the best, weather you team up and destroy the opposition, or just save a bullet for them.  The gamemode is last man standing, with players scavenging for weapons and ammo while hunting each other and avoiding the undead.This mode is a beautiful mix of stealth and combat, chasing and hiding.  Each weapon has it's own niche, and even the weaker ones are often so cool that you can't help but use them.  You are forced to make choices on the fly as you hunt your prey, but do your best not to be trapped by the roving hordes.  Any gunshot alerts the dead to your location, and players can easily deduce it too by watching the movement patterns of the horde.Headshots are always an instant kill, with the exception of the sig, which is an instant kill 90% of the time.  Choosing between spraying with your assault rifle or taking a careful shot with a crossbow to avoid making noise is the lifeblood of this game.General gameplayI struggled not to mention most of this stuff throughout the rest of this review, as it factors into everything else.  Too make it short and to the point:Melee- Simply amazing.  Swings take chunks out of zombies and snap their bodies in the direction of your blow.  Make sure to aim for the head.  Against players, one hit is usually enough to down them, but it's difficult to get in close.Gunplay- Each gun has a perfect feel and balance based on it's type.  Admittedly, in the beginning I thought the hit detection was off, but then I realised the the recoil has more of an effect than I realised.  Taking your time for that perfect shot is super-satisfying.  Again, zombies lose chunks of flesh, skull, and brains as you shoot them.  You can even blast their legs off.Explosives-  Deserves a seperate section, despite having only two tools, the grenade and the IED.  Both are VERY powerful, in a good way.  If you aren't careful, you'll end up killing yourself.  Zombies caught in the blast will often lose their legs but survive, so watch for crawlers.Gore-  As mentioned multiple times before now, the gore is exactly what a zombie game should have.  Skulls break, arms are chopped off, legs get blown into nothing.  As of the latest update you can even decapitate zombies.Rating- 8/10, only critisims are that the game needs more maps, and slightly better co-op.  You will not regret buying this game."
76561198128320850,Not Recommended,238430,15747470,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Rough99,"It is a really good game and it is also very realistic. The only issue I have with it is that the weapons spawn randomly and one time I searched the only building in this one map and I only found nailguns. Which don't kill zombies. Also the view isn't  exceptional so I have a hard time navigating buildings, expecially when its very dark and I am on a time restraint.I really like this game and I really like the idea of it, its just that its hard to survive a zombie apocolpse blind, but confident the barricades are still up, and this is enough for me to not enjoy this game as much as it could."
76561198078589401,Not Recommended,238430,15876020,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Tonihka,"After almost two years and over 200 hundred of hours of gameplay, I can not recomend this title to anyone else. The community is mostly dead and many of the things promised by developers have not been added. I do enjoy this game at times, but your hard earned money would be better spent on a game that has a community and developers working on it.Graphics are generally smooth, there is a small choice of weapons that can be very glitchy at times, players like to troll by becoming a zombie, inconsistent nerfing of zombies, and much more.Overall, besides the levels being somewhat random in the pathing, there is nothing else you will be missing here. I bought this game for a dollar when it first hit the scene, I suggest you wait for a sale of the same magnitude. This game is definately not worth 20 dollars.There are other zombie games worth the twenty, save it for them."
76561198070864447,Not Recommended,238430,24783086,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Funky Monk,"Bought this on a sale due to hype. I wish I hadn't. Get No More Room in Hell, a free mod, this one doesn't do anything that doesn't."
,Not Recommended,238430,17059181,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Dr. Rockso M.D.,"Don't even bother.Devs add more maps and models, rather than fix basic, long-running issues.Nothing much else to say, other than that its broke beyond comprehension. Surprisingly, this game played Much better in the early access beta stages. I'm not sure the Devs even bother to play their own game, because if they did, they would easily find and fix the various minor issues that spoil the potential of this game."
,Not Recommended,238430,35309753,Posted: 29 September,all,Phoenix,This game had so much potential. It's a mystery as to why the devs gave up on it. The concept was so far beyond any other game in this genre. It's supposed to be a more refined version of something like CoD zombies with a lot more atmosphere. Shame.
76561198079549759,Not Recommended,238430,33019703,Posted: 29 June,all,Opsman870,"Dead game, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ community of fanboys. Basically No More Room in Hell with better graphics...just get NMRIH rather than supportinglazy devs"
,Recommended,238430,13245951,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Indigo Viking,"I have thoroughly enjoyed this game so much that I wanted to write a review. Let me start off by saying there are PLENTY of zombie titles on Steam for around the $20 pricetag, except none of them deliver as much as Contagion does. This game is so much fun to play, even if you decide to play escape mode alone, it's still a blast to play.This is my go to zombie game every time. The graphics are great, I have no complaints there. They really do a great job in the graphics department. It's just so pretty and smooth. The guns each have there own feel to them, you don't feel like you are using the same gun like in most games. The game modes are some of the best, you can play escape mode which is more objective and obviously you do the objectives to get to the end to escape. The best part is its all randomized so you never play the same objectives and can throw you for a loop just when you think you know what to do. There is Hunted mode which is PvP based and is so much fun, there aren't any Panic servers I don't know why but I haven't gotten to play that game mode. Extraction is very challenging, especially if anyone died and becomes a zombie, you really have a tough time and adds to the suspense.The very fact you can be a zombie is huge in this game, they do it right. If you die too many times as a zombie though you will stop respawning and you become a spectator which can really bum you out, Only negative thing about the game is that. I love playing all the game modes however, and there are plenty of people to play with. They really emphasize the headshots in this game, and if you dont you will run out of ammo SO fast and you will die.I have nothing bad to say about this game, and the developers are still working on this amazing game and are about to release a free DLC to us buyers with 2 new maps 4 new guns and more.You will not regret buying this game, it is a blast to play."
76561197981346532,Not Recommended,238430,22368620,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,ᕙ( ಠ ᴥ ಠ )ᕗ,"so, up front this game tries to do what L4D does, only realistically. depending on the difficulty, you can haveA: plenty of supplies/minimal zombiesorB: you get two bullets per player and only headshots can kill the massive endless hoarde of zombies.the inventory system does help to promote teamwork as you can only carry 4 items at a time. this includes healthkits, keys, flashlight, and weapons. sharing is caring in this game because you will run out of ammo. the accuracy of most weapons is a bit..touchy, but overall a headshot is a guarenteed kill. just be careful because every hit from a zombie has a chance of infection (server preference) and once a player zombie spawns, the difficulty cap starts to kick in.because of the accuracy issues of the weapons + the sometimes laggy servers, player zombies have the run of the field and most other players will give up just to restart the round.maps are usually a form of escape mode or ""hostage rescue"" where the players work to get from point A to point B with certain map variations (randomly generated objectives or closed off paths which force going a different way.) as much as one would thing this would help with the repetitive nature of the game....it doesn't. you'll still be doing the same thing over and over, but in a different path. the game is probably the most terrifying when played solo, but it's also the most difficult if you don't know what you're doing or where to go.speaking of navigation, all you get is a phone giving you a general location to move to and a waypoint marker that has a hot or cold proximity counter. the instructions aren't always clear so get ready to be lost and confused for your first playthrough. objectives and instructions are given through a sort of text message system by one of the player characters (or just texting yourself solo) while realistic, it can be distracting to try and read your phone while being attacked.there is a multiplayer versus mode as well, which is a deathmatch scenario with zombies thrown in for fun, but those servers are hardly ever populated.overall it's an ambitious title that tries too hard to be realistic. you'll enjoy it for about a week unless you're a true co op zombie fan."
76561197992250287,Not Recommended,238430,18431927,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,MoshPit_1337,i had more fun carving♥♥♥♥♥♥♥in the wall ingame than actually playing the game.
,Not Recommended,238430,24197497,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Frosty Sprinklez,"I've been playing contagion since this morning and half all the servers are dead, If you are looking to play multiplayer on Contagion, there are only a few players that played this game, but I would not recommend buying it and I would also need a refund back.Update: recently got my game refunded"
,Recommended,238430,10914422,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,ugumbugum,"This game offers some of the best coop online play. With 5 current game modes featuring Escape and Extraction requiring cooperative team work, Panic Objective and Panic Classic for Survivor vs Player Zombie team pvp, Hunted for Open PVP, and soon more game modes. Each map features multiple paths for the play through and numerious and variable weapon drops. Every week more and more user made maps are getting added to the Workshop and the Developers are adding 3 new maps by the end of the year with more coming next year. The comunity is very active and most experienced players are willing to help new comers learn the ins and outs of each map and game mode. Easiliy one of the best indie games on steam right now."
,Not Recommended,238430,20135075,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,subarashi,"If you like humans hiding in houses while you are a zombie and taking forever to get to these houses just to end up dying and having to run forever to get back, than this is the game you have been waiting for all your life."
,Not Recommended,238430,17757936,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Trist,"My review for this  game a while ago was far better and intuitive than this one is.But that is because Ive had this game since day 1 and it was A MAZING when it was released. Im not kidding, the whole concept of a ultra-realistic permadeath zombie game was fun (Dont you ♥♥♥♥ing mention DayZ. We dont talk about DayZ.). Thats what this game was advertised to be in the first trailer.Now all I see is a game that is using new updates and content to try to revive a community that they failed halfway through their Early Access period. Seriously. Lack of content, udpates, and everything. I supported this game even after that happened but nothing has changed since then but content amount. Yes, this games good with a few pals.But when I look at this game I just see a game trying to make its supporters forget the fact that they werent thought about earlier on and I dont feel like I should endorse that kind of treatment.But to those who do find enjoyment in this game, I applaud your persistence cause you certainly have more confidence in this studio than I do.EDIT: I've recommended this game to a few friends since Contagion has gotten better reviews lately and slightly more work put into the content. We'll see how it goes. Don't play this without friends, though."
,Not Recommended,238430,10994813,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,discount memes™,"Good game, but no one plays it. Almost completely dead. Only buy it if you want to play with friends."
,Not Recommended,238430,29128769,Posted: 8 January,all,ice4ed,"Barely got a chance to play this game before entering a PUBLIC serer and being asked to leave because it was a private match as were most servers in the game, overall a very unfriendly community. The game is really just not finished the preview makes it look so much better than it is, the graphics are atrocious and there is few options for a server (Especially with anti-cheat). I did not enjoy this game a single bit though I didn't play long I didn't need long to find that the game just wasn't at all what I was expecting it to be. My advice don't waste your money until these guys work out the bugs, fix the graphics, and maybe the community shifts to a more open and diverse community."
,Not Recommended,238430,15708846,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Dr Zoidcrab,"Uninspired gameplay with boring mechanics, inconsistent difficulty that spikes quickly from yawn-inducingly easy to cheap instant-infection-sprinting-laggy-zombie-player impossible as survivors die(PVP in co-op?), obsolete guns(rifles when 2 smg or pistol headshots kill, shotguns when zombies shrug off bodyshots like plastic airsoft pellets), levels that drag on, etc. The only servers that arent usually empty are the pvp deathmatch ones, which shows how attractive the co-op gameplay is.Don't bother with this one."
,Recommended,238430,14096702,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,TriceraAwesome,"I’ve played most of the zombie games recently available. Contagion is easily my favorite. The only other game that comes close is the Nazi Zombies series.As an adult gamer, I don’t have much time. I play at least once a week with my friends online. We use a mumble server. Voice chat is absolutely necessary as teamwork is insanely important in this game. You will not be able to run off by yourself and survive. I have a dedicated private server. Which is easy to set up and lets us play without trolls or kids. We prefer the coop “escape” mode.The best thing about this game is how brutally hard it can be. Head shots are the only practical way to kill zombies. Ammo is so scarce every single shot counts. It is common to be down to your last two or three shots with zombies on your tail. You can run away, but eventually you will have to stand and fight. Finishing a level is very satisfying and a real accomplishment.The levels are enormous, but well laid out. Some game modes do not have a map, so getting lost is possible.  Once you learn them you will not get lost, as most are fairly linear.The downside is that there are not many maps. The game needs about twice as many maps as it has now. A few people have released maps via the workshop. While most of these are very good, there are not many and few people play them."
76561198016598358,Recommended,238430,16560590,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,«grumpy» Munkei,Very fun zombie shooter thats easy to learn and still with a fairly active ( albeit small) online multiplayer . Give it a go if you have some time to kill and an itching to kill some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ zombies :D
,Not Recommended,238430,18321627,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,CoolDoc The Necromancer,"this game is♥♥♥♥♥♥I hope for better but its♥♥♥♥♥♥ Reason poor Ai poor team, worst is the gameplay boring and no drive to keep you playing just stay away from this game or get it on sale."
76561197982825270,Not Recommended,238430,18258961,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,ShickFap,"Early access had me interested because I was pretty skeptical at first. ZP:S was something I had a personal disdain for, but playing this back when it first got EA'd had me pretty well hooked. Then I stopped, couldn't really find occupied servers that didn't have 300-400 ping, and overall got pretty annoyed with exploits that left me DED.Came back recently to see the new DLC and maps, still wasn't all that blown away, or even entertained. Would be alright if zombie players didn't crouch-spam their way to victory, or even had people to play with. Not even my friends want to bother re-installing it.Oh well."
,Not Recommended,238430,19689467,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Singe,"In its current state I'm afraid I can't recommend this game to the average gamer.  It's got great elements to it, but there are very few servers up with anybody playing, and this is because of the extreme difficulty in knowing what to do in most of the gamemodes.  The maps are confusing and difficult to get around, the game only offers vague objectives with no instructions on where to go, how to get there, or what to do in certain situations.  Leading to players giving up after 30 minutes of wandering around lost with no idea how to get to the next goal.  If this is fixed in the future then I would gladly recommend this game, but in the current state, put your money to a more worth while purchase."
76561198015926203,Not Recommended,238430,10190806,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Devonax,"The game itself has some potential, its fun to play with friends and can be fullfilling to do alone. But the game lacks content. The game could be a good one and worth the money if it had more maps, more gamemodes, more weapons, more zombie variations and better music for background, weapons, environment and zombies.The game also lacks any form of character customization. If you are not going to put that freedom in a survival game then atleast build up a nice storyline around the present characters maybe even with their own pro's and con's.beside all this the game can be fun for a little while when played with friends but eventually (around 1- 3 hours) it's get really boring and you know any bush and tree in this game. My message to the creators:- make improvements to the sounds in this game- try to add 4-8 new zombie models (atleast), more is always better- Add new weapons and ways to modify them- more maps, play with heights like walkways and tunnels. make a scary shipyard with huge rusted boats. make a map that you are inside a giant mall with several floors with shop you can go into and small rooms in the back ect.- more game modes. if you make it fun to have several things to do you will automatically play a game much longer, its that simple. there are ALOT of modes you could think up that would fit this kind of game.overall score (5 stars max):2 out of 5 starsI hope they will keep working on it and will add in new stuff to make the game better and worth the cost of the game. Hopefully they will not screw their buyers and ask money for additional DLC."
,Recommended,238430,13659025,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,b3nderz,"Awesome stand alone ! Zombie Panic was a great mod, Contagion is become a ****ing great game ! I've to play few hours again to be sure, but I enjoyed Contagion much more than Left 4 Dead and maybe more than Killing Floor. Try it if you like : cooperative FPS and/or zombies apocalypse, I'm sure you'll enjoy it as much as me !"
,Not Recommended,238430,15057580,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Mr. Kukri,"Servers empty, controls clunky, runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,238430,15716077,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,AgentEasyMark,"The game is...okay, by zombie standards. Nothing super impressive. See a zombie? Kill it. Oh! See another? Kill that one, too. Its the usual run-of-the-mill zombie killing fest we have seen on the uprise the past few years. Graphics are a little dated, being Source and all, although Source is indeed a friendly engine, they should have waited for Source Engine 2 to come out.Animations are very stiff, even for a zombie game. Zombie motions seem generic. Although it could be a placeholer for more intricate animations later on, so it is tolerable. Its small details that are easy to overlook. Glitches with holding certain weapons/items are apparent (Wielding a fire extinguisher like a shotgun, for example, or the third person melee swing animations never matching first person animations, which causes hit registration problems in online play, only. Single player is unaffected to my knowledge)The sound quality is grainy, unfortunately. The Moans/groans of the zombies can sometimes (about 40 percent of the time) overlap, causing a sound that is akin to flies buzzing in your ear. Most of the time, though, it is drowned out with gunshots and player dialogue. The Player Dialogue, though, is limited at this stage, although there is much room for improvement. Certain situations like finding weapons could in the future have callouts (Like ""Hey, shotgun here if anyone needs it!"" Or ""Pistol ammo, here!"" Or something similar, since most of it can be overlooked by mistake by players that are not as aware) Now, one feature that I would love to see would be a voice feature to attract zombies.Picture, if you will, a scenerio where one player has very low health, most of the team can escape, but this one guy, one good hit and he is gone. He could use the last of his life to go on voice chat and use his actual voice (through the computer microphone) to attract the horde towards him, thus allowing the rest of the team to get to safety (Make an achievement for this, perhaps, too?)DLC Announcements for this game were announced mid to late 2014, and were pushed back, I am certain there were reasons beyond what has been stated. Maybe so, maybe not, is that our concern? No. Things happen. It is a part of life.There are some issues with voice chat, although, from the developer response, it is from the limitations of the Engine itself, not to any fault of theirs. Solution? Use TeamSpeak or another outside client, seeing as this game was more meant to be played with friends, rather than total strangers.All things considered, the game DOES have massive potential that has yet to be tapped into! Tatsur0 and group, I apologize about any misunderstandings before, and I wish you the best of luck in the future of Contagion! I will change and add to this review as the game develops. I cannot wait to see what you have in store for us!"
,Not Recommended,238430,20326571,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,The Lasher,"The game itself feels incomplete and very ""beta"" feeling. Honestly, I wouldn't purchase this game again at 80% off. No community, shockingly horrible developers, troll filled games, mixed with a sub par gaming experience. Do yourself a favour and skip this one."
,Recommended,238430,9872706,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,[F!] Aldershot,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U9YS1ZB5Bb8Above is my impression of the game.Contagion at first glance might seem like Left 4 Dead, but when you get into it, it's actually very different from the L4D series. Rather than a linear map, or run and gun game play, Contagion features an open map level design, and conserving resources such as ammo is key to your success. The game can get hectic with 8 player multiplayer and will involve some discovery by the player to progress through the game. It still has a few rough edges here and there, but overall it's a pretty enjoyable experience.Pros:- Open world environments- Co-op or PvP game modes- Interesting player to zombie game mechanics- procedurally generated objectives and item placementCons:- Open world can leave players lost at times- A few bugs and quirks that still need ironing out- Zombie game play lack luster after a couple of tries"
,Recommended,238430,18866045,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Sneyupur,"One of the best zombie FPS games I have seen. I'm surprised as to the low popularity. Keep up the good work, Monochrome! The graphics are great, and the maps are very well done."
,Recommended,238430,11348874,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,BlueMidgetGuy,Buy this game and love it for the rest of your life!
,Not Recommended,238430,22526889,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,BlackPlatɨnumɀ,"With only 30 minutes of playtime, It's not worth the 10 bucks. Time to uninstall.Not Recommended"
76561198042348970,Not Recommended,238430,13686678,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,disconnect,Boring game only semi-fun with friends.
,Recommended,238430,13840420,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,~2Fresh2Lord~,Great game 0/0 would not 0Pros:-Spectator mode your a bug-When you die your a spooky zombie-Cell Phone backround is changeable-Characters you can pick-Melee isnt Op-You can get InfectedCons:-Melee is maybe to weak?-Ai Zombies sometimes crawl under stuff and get stuck-Your weapon flys out of your hands but still equiped sometimes when you get grabbed-Not Spooky enough-Advertised phone has extreamly low features but still a nice idea-Cant make own serverOverall:Great game would buy Bug Simulator 2015 againSame for Contagion
76561198017744567,Recommended,238430,11010142,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,dellyfry,"A zombie game witha twist - changing worlds, sandbox environement, multiplier/coop, unique and different weapons. Walk around peoples homes, enter their house, etc. Sweet. This is the way zombie games should be heading towards - a real world sandbox environment."
,Not Recommended,238430,25349315,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,zeWulf,"If you have some money and you're looking for a good game...well, Contagion is not that game.(Atleast while full price.)The game never gets updated and it gets boring very quickly.In my opinion Contagion is not worth the price.Buy it if on sale. Otherwise, get L4D2."
,Not Recommended,238430,19803783,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,chazzzaaaa,"Me and my flatmates used to play this game for hours almost every night. We regarded it as the best zombie co op game ever apart from the occasional crash and all was well. Go to play it again after the last few updates. OH MY GOD. What the hell have you done to this game? It now crashes constantly to the point where it's unplayable, the characters now swing their guns all the way from side to side when you look around, which really puts you off - not to mention. THE AIMING. It takes a full second just to point your gun, so basically by the time you're aiming at something other than the floor/ wall and pulling the trigger, the zombies are already gangbanging your face. If you switch weapon while shooting and then switch back to that weapon the game crashes. The zombie ai is now so ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ that half the time they either don't notice you whatsoever or run in the opposite direction. The revolver is now an utterly pointless piece of junk - it aims slower, shoots slower and reloads even slower. The textures are all bugged out (mostly on the high graphics settings) and basically, the game no longer runs smoothly or even really works. I feel sorry for all the people who paid full price for this, but at least we only paid $5 on sale. Even so, I feel ripped off, and thoroughly depressed. At least I got in over 100 hours while it was still a good game, but seriously devs, you suck. You ruined this game, absolutely ruined it. I miss it. I miss wasting hours doing headshots and pretending it's the apocalypse with my friends, and I want that back. :'("
76561198186720283,Recommended,238430,32377467,Posted: 12 June,all,Devoid,"Contagion is another zombie game with a bit of an identity crysis. The standout gamemode here is definitivly hunte which is a more intense closer quarters battle royal gamemode with the added danger of players becoming zombies when they are dead and gaining a range of abilities. Here is the problem, there are like, 4 other gamemodes that are completely pointless coop objective gamemodes. There is exactly 0 point to them as they are just copy pasted from left 4 dead 2 except worse! We already have left 4 dead 2, we don't need the same thing again! Please if the devs are reading this, focus on hunted and maybe add a bit of progression, and refine that, not the other gamemodes."
,Recommended,238430,7651351,"Posted: 13 November, 2013",all,Rawth,Best zombie coop I have ever played.. truly satisfying.
,Recommended,238430,12062312,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Dawning33,"I have found this game incredibly fun and fulfilling, even with the more limited content available. The slightly slower pacing compared to a run-n-gun zombie shoot-em-up is refreshing as you have to actually scavenge for your ammo and supplies and, especially on harder modes, conserve as much as you can.If you like cooperative play like I do, the escape and extraction modes are fun, especially if you find a good group of people. In escape, you have to navigate a level with some objectives and obstacles that rotate through a couple different scenarios, and in extraction you locate NPC survivors, hold out for a time against hordes, and then escort them to a drop off point. As with any online game, you will probably get in several games with people that aren't as cooperative or skilled, but when you have a good team it's very fun.If you favor competitive play, there's always hunted and panic modes. Hunted is your basic pvp, where players killed become zombies and when there's two left, all NPC zombies charge at the two remaining players. In Panic, one player begins the game infected but may not know it for a few minutes, and the only zombies in the level are the player zombies, while the first player zombie respawns as a SWAT zombie. Human players have to kill the zombies a certain number of times, or survive for like 20-30 minutes to win.All in all, I got the game on sale for $5, and I would say it's the best 5 I've spent in a long time. Yes, some graphics aren't as up-to-date and some animations can be wonky, but it's not distracting to me at all. I would recommend this game even at the 20 price if you think this sort of thing appeals to you."
,Recommended,238430,34622883,Posted: 30 August,all,REBELiGAN,"I bought it for $1.99, so yeah for that reason this dated game is awesome fun to me. I recommend it.*************UPDATED REVIEW*****************SAVE YOUR MONEY!It seems the devs have vanished. Now that my game wouldn't even load up this morning I tried to reach out them. They are: GHO$T.9/24/2017"
,Recommended,238430,19013396,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Ersatz Soul,"This game is about survivors and zombies. Typical. First-person shooter, focused on surviving rather than l4d-styled zed slaughter, thought amount of zeds you need to kill is pretty high. What does this game offer:- mostly possible to kill zeds with only headshots or explosives (body shots will deal quite little damage, melee mostly effective on head too);- @40 minutes long maps (varies depending on knowing map, amount of players etc, good team can run escape in @20);- multiple game modes:Escape: follow 1 of 2 possible routes in zed-infested areas to escape;Extraction: find survivors and extract them;Hunted: pvp, where you kill other players (and then they spawn as PZ and try to kill others too);Panic: objectives (player zeds and survivors only, like escape) and classic (1 turning into armored zed and taking down others survivors, till noone left or zed life/time out). Shame, but almost noone plays it now - thought it's kinda quite funny mode;Flatline - currently in beta. This mode is somewhat between NMRiH survival maps and Killing floor: zombies come in waves and you need to fight them off. From NMRiH there are traps in map, from KF - shop between rounds (shop is take what you can, no money required and items are rather unlimited, but seems anything dropped in shop area being wiped out).- 4 difficulty levels, which influence amount of zeds, their attack power, friendly fire, amount of guns and ammo spawned on map (however, PZ lmb attack seems to deal constant damage for any difficulty - only bite [rmb from behind] might be affected in terms of damage, since infection chance does increase);- Equipment: few guns to shoot (3 rifles, 3 auto rifles, 2 explosives, 2 SMGs, 3 shotguns, 3 pistols for 2 types of ammo summary, bow and crossbow) - some even with flashlight attachment, and melee weapons to swing (ineffective unless fully charged head hit or special takedown from behind). Also, sometimes other equipment(gasmask and pocket flashlight you cannot put in pocket xd, wielder for making barricades at doors and windows, keys and keycards, fire extinguishers and boltcutters);- few mods from workshop (mostly - damned useless anime background for phone);- upon death/infection - turning into player zombie and hunting survivors down (or being killed by them and then being roach-spectator after few tries);- decent graphics;- only english as supported language;- zombies: casual, a bit faster, armored (no headshot and backstab instant kill) and player zombie. Sometimes, when ppl cannot use shotgun properly(or going for achievement), crawling zombies.- cards and achievements (atm no achievements for finishing new maps yet);- dedicated official servers for each map and mode, as well as some private servers;- after a while, it's a bit bothersome to play all over the same maps - but it's issue for all games;- not big number of players online - many note this issue, thought i rarely cannot find ppl to play with.Personal opinion - game is somewhat between L4D and No More Room in Hell: alot of guns and ammo for them, alot zombies you need to kill, but mostly only headshots can bring them down and melee isnt 1hit. What i find disappointing - ability to carry 3 assault rifles (98 bullets in) + 150 bullets for them + smg (30 bullets in) + 150 bullets for smg when u`re average Joe without much of pockets and backpack (NMRIH is free zed game and has nice solution for this 1 issue, but has oldest graphics, which is focused on mostly avoiding, not killing everything). Still, for teamwork and shooting zeds game is sufficient enough.However, do note, that you need to train ur skills to land headshots and playing with random people is sometimes.....annoying. If you have some friends you want to play this game with - then it's good, since having team w teamwork can save the day.special note: promised by devs, ALL dlcs and updates are free. So far i have this game - true. Recently they've added few maps and guns and going to add flatline mode.As for soundtrack - well, typical, but when they published it - on-date owners got it for free. Also, it's much cheaper than in other games."
76561198104784781,Recommended,238430,10814905,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Hotdog Air,"The most underrated zombie game on steam.Contagion is an excellent zombie survial FPS which is fun and requires skill. I was very supprised by the amount of negative reviews for this game is it defientley worth around £10 for the hunted game mode alone. The other game modes are a bit hit and miss, however hunted is a unqiue multiplayer experience which should be played by anyone who is a fan of zombie survial games. In addition I would even go as far to say Contagion has provided me with more enjoyment than more popular games such as Left 4 Dead due to the rewarding gameplay and zombie being a much bigger threat. The graphics are also defientely worth mentioning, when playing on max settings it is amazing how impressive they are. The best looking game I have ever seen on the source engine by far. Don't get me wrong the game isn't perfect but it is definetly a 7 or 8 out of 10 (Especically for steam summer sale price of £3.75). A must have for fans of the zombie survial genre don't be put off by the negative reviews."
,Recommended,238430,26355677,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Microsoft-BinLaden™,"Zombie Panic! SourceHalf-Life 2 Mod ""old game"" > good memories,"
,Recommended,238430,30330206,Posted: 4 March,all,Winter,"A No More Room In Hell type of game, with heaps of potential, besides the dead community, playing alone or with friends is great fun, would recomend :D"
,Not Recommended,238430,16511545,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Jay,I was expecting something much more from this. I found it boring and nobody is online which makes it even worse.
,Not Recommended,238430,29817101,Posted: 9 February,all,cancer,"I bought this and then refunded it because not enough people play the game, great idea for a game but it needs more people to play it"
,Not Recommended,238430,13357714,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Carl the Zamboni Operator,"I REAlly was expecting something like the Great mod that has thrived for more than 6 years and won at least 2 awards, but instead they make it something different and just BAD. It could have been much better and im disappointed"
,Not Recommended,238430,13652161,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Crying Wolf,"Didn't enjoy, niether did my friends.  perhaps Zombies have ruined lower end games like this for me."
,Recommended,238430,23907879,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,MidHaze,more people need to play this game!
,Not Recommended,238430,22817595,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,[NWA] Cheddar,no more room in hell but not free.
,Recommended,238430,25190414,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Rivendill,"Hello!So I got this game after watching a Let's play of RoosterTeeth like a year ago. I don't play this game with friends and I've only played Escape mode. I enjoy playing because it's challenging. You get a very limited amount of ammo even on normal difficulty so you need to make everyheadshotcount. Zombies are a bit buggy sometimes, like staying crouched, suddenly moving at a rapid speed, just wrecking you so you get massive aimpunch and aren't able to recover or in very special occasions simply not dieing. I like the variation in armory like having a Scar 20 or a M4a4 (if I'm not mistaken), revolvers or colts and also crossbows and compound bows!Some positives and negatives from a solo player perspective:Pro's:- Challenging- Great maps- Great assortiment of guns- Good voice acting (altough sometimes repetitive)- Maps last between 30mins to 1 and a half hours- Objective rotations (sometimes objectives are different than the last time you played)Con's:- Buggy AI (zombies stay in a crouched position, don't die or simply demolish you)- Flashlight is too bright!- Objectives can sometimes be hard to spot or hard to get to- Accuracy of weaponryAll in all, great fun game, but if you expect top notch quality it might not be something for you. For €10,- I feel like it was a investment well spent.Thanks for reading my review! :)"
,Not Recommended,238430,16458869,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,I never feed,"2/10 Please do not buy ... I regret my choice ... Bad developer ,  very bad game and totally empty servers."
76561197971373756,Not Recommended,238430,12296012,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Mr. Meeseeks,"This is the least fun zombie shooter on the market. Hackers have utterly driven away nearly all the legit players. The servers are vacant. Down the road the game might improve, but for now it's not worth your cash."
76561197964502437,Not Recommended,238430,15846680,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Sgt. Barnes,This game feels unfinished
76561198071781219,Recommended,238430,11925877,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,It's a me Mario :D,Following the steps of left 4 dead its a great survival/co op/horror and fun to play with friends game!!!It felt so real( especially when  playing with headshet) and makes you use stealth because every single shot counts!!! 9/10 for me :D
76561197961888729,Recommended,238430,12406461,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Crutch,"This is the game where you learn one or two levels, fall in love and end up ONLY playing those levels. With that said you will love them!Mine was Bio( Monsanto) tech where we questioned why officer workers have full auto mp5's. I remind you that Monsanto's genetical research is unregulated and fully realizes the threat of zombies or cancer chicken fingers. Arming your workers with submachine guns actually saves on life insurance premiums.The game is great and worth it.Make sure you play with friends you can trust, and not ammo nazies or trolls."
,Recommended,238430,7512495,"Posted: 29 October, 2013",all,ZuuL,It's fun. Buy it.
76561198079448575,Recommended,238430,10583859,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Spooky PrinceRaptor,"Contagion is a wonderful game, but there are some disadvantages that are sort of disapointing :/.#1(Disadvantage:Zombies in Hunted Mode)When you really just want to play with your friends on random maps like with the ""Hunted""mode, it can be fun but dayum it gets really, REALLY annoying. Zombies are actually the annoying ones because they're just everywhere, plus with just one gunshot you attract almost every zombie in the area. If there was a mod that would remove them(zombies)the game would be amazing so then the plaers wouldn't have to worry about zombies killing them.#1(Advantage:Zombies in Hunted Mode)When you get killed as a Survivor you turn into a zombie, the undead can climb walls, roar to basically call other zombies, and attack survivors from behind which if completed to do that the survivor that has been biten will then turn into a zombie in a short but long amount of time. Anyways if there were any players(survivors) camping somewhere, the zombies could attack them killing the survivors so then no one else would have to wait a long time to become a survivor(Every round everybody becomes a survivor just a fyi). But still ZOMBIES ARE JERKS!#2(Disadvantage:LAG)Frag not Lag is a fricken lie for this game so don't believe it -.-. You absolutly have to change the texture settings to medium. If you don't have to do that and can be kept on high with barely any lag, then you my unknown friend is lucky!#2(Advantage:LAG)I HAVE NO IDEA! Or probably you can get past crap easily with less things being able to hit you.#3(Disadvantage:Ring Ring PICK UP THE LOUD RINGTONE!) Okay, in the settings it gives you a choice to what type of ringtone you want. SADLY, all the ringtones are loud and can attract survivors that want to kill you, or zombies that want to eat your flesh. Vibrate is the best one cause it's quieter and doesn't have a long ""tone"".#3(Advantage:Ring Ring, Troll Ring)Ifyou want to troll keep using the loud ringtones, it'll attract players to come to you and zombies. If you know that you wont be able to take down a player cause they're camping somewhere, do a few gunshots and use the ringtone. The stupid thing about that is that the zombies will be coming for both of ya'll. The ringtones can also tell you where other players are by listening for the tone. But warning they cann also call you!IF THERE ARE ANY QUESTIONS OR OPINIONS JUST TELL ME :3, sorry if you didn't like the review or thought I didn't type enough but hey I just felt like reviewing something."
,Not Recommended,238430,21739669,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Genesis,Very hard configuration to play LAN with your friends
,Recommended,238430,10896447,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Cashmere Keith,"I have not put much time into this game YET, but so far it is a really fun game solo or with friends. If you are a shooter and zombie lover this is the game for you. I really love how random this game is; you can spawn in a ok location with great weapons or a poor location with bolt cutters. The only down side I ran into so far is some of the maps seem more like a puzzle than a fun zombie map. Overall this a great game. Buy it."
,Recommended,238430,12330949,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,[Mush]Mspaint,"BEFORE I STARTED PLAYING THIS HOW WAS MY FEELING OF THE GAMEI started with a thought it was something like ""left 4 dead"" and had doubt about it being any good, atleast not as good valve games usually are.WHEN I TRIED IT HOW CAN IT BE COMPARED TO THE HYPE I HAD:The game was very eye opening to me, with a totaly new way to play zombie shooters, and its really important to play with someone! i was first with random ppl and that was not so good feel.. when i invited 2 friends we did a survive to a chopper mission, Oh man it was a Fun and thrilling ride and actually my best run ive had in any zombie games so faar.WILL I STILL BE PLAYING THIS 10 HOURS LATER?I will play it still after, and i have gone faar over that number. :)TOP 3 I LIKE1. Survivor (scavange and coop.)2. zombies are slow and realistik to the genre, with no ""boomers"" etc.3. multiplayer with ""mobile"" phone is so fun, send a message to a friend if you are close to him and he will get a beep that can be heard from either zombies or ""me"" and if i hear the beep i know he is at the cell and opened it, so i can blast him cause i know he dont hold the gun.TOP 3 I DONT LIKE1. Need more players and maybe more of the ""survivor"" maps. dont like all the stand in a room and survive for x rounds...2. not really fun alone :(3. should be more achievements etc.So overall points by me given are 1/10 where 10 is max.Singe player experience: 3/10Multiplayer experience:    8/10Graphics:                      6-7/10 (seems like cs just getting better and better)Developer update game: 5/10Developer informing us about their team and state of game:  6/10IS THE GAME WORTH IT?I have a ton of fun with it and they are still making lots of stuff, and for every DLC added they will give us players it for FREE! so i will defenitely recommend it for a good weekend game.- Mspaint out"
,Recommended,238430,9054708,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,wildspartanz,Great game BUT it sas Early Access Game for a reason!Pros: A zombie game that gives me a goal that is not just survive!It is a team effort game because the zombies will horde around you at every single gun shot!There is low amounts of ammo is some levels wich gives you the survival experience.Zombies react to footsteps and movement and gun shots.Very fun with friends.Headshots instantly kill zombies!Cons:Still in Alpha so sometimes when you shoot a zombie in the head it might register as missing.Zombies will sometimes glitch and hit you on the other side of a barricade.Survivor AI will not run if a zombie is right there IN THE FACE!Other players can be ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s and take all the ammo in a house.
76561198083533921,Recommended,238430,8169193,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,to the sky的you are mine,"China servers! The game is funny ,good,playable,but my friends's and mine ping is to high %>_<%.Please Increase China server。 I hope the game is better and better.:-D这游戏很有趣，很有创意。希望增加一些中国的服务器，不然我和我的朋友玩这个游戏延迟太高了。希望这游戏能越来越好"
76561198085106066,Not Recommended,238430,31777635,Posted: 15 May,all,cannan1,Steam needs to implement a program into early access that when this happens as of a dev taking the money and running that they can be held legally responsible and give full refunds to every verified purchase or have them submit Real verifiable legal identification so that they can be banned from participating in any early access development game period. I am never buying an Early Access game again. This has happened for the last time. Thanks for abandoning the community. ♥♥♥♥ing Ubisoft copy cats are everywhere nowadays.
76561198106476211,Not Recommended,238430,15013847,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Imzombiehunter,i dont like it because after you die 4 times as zombie you become spectator AND I HATE IT please fix it
,Recommended,238430,14925881,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Apoc Hedgie,"If you were a fan of Zombie Panic Source you owe it to yourself to get this game. It's a spiritual sequel to ZPS, and carries over a lot of similar gameplay elements while throwing in new ones. You've got your standard co-op modes and survival modes, but my personal favourite is the hunted mode, where it's player vs player vs zombies. I haven't seen any other game do anything like this, and it feels really fresh and fun to play. Plus, like in ZPS, when you die it's not game over. Get your revenge on your friends for letting you die.Best played with friends."
,Recommended,238430,7631480,"Posted: 11 November, 2013",all,Owl,You are a merc from nigeria who has the malaraia and then you come home to da US and it turns out the nickel zombie virus infected your town with aids and then you just gotta escape the end
76561198027381456,Recommended,238430,23033538,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Woody [GER],"dont listen to the negatives, this KIDS dont know what this game is. Crying about bugs in a game that  cost 9.99but games they cost 60€, they dont cry about bugs...its a partygame and brings a lot of fun!=)get it"
76561198061198190,Not Recommended,238430,33628881,Posted: 18 July,all,theotherzombie,"This game isn't a bad game to play (If you have any friends you can still enjoy this game). The issue with the game is it's lack of players online for most if not often all the time. So if you are either A. Are tight on money or just like to conserve it, or B. You are a man who tries to get friends but can't find any, and finally C. If you are someone who is just so dedicated to being a lone wolf who doesn't want to make friends, then TRUST ME when i say this game is definetely not for you. Besides if you want to play a cooperative zombie game with friends you could just play Zombie Panic Source, or if there are not enough players on that game for you, you can also always get No More Room In Hell, which I should also mention both games are free as well. Now if you are someone who just desperately needs to spend money on everything or you are that guy who just thinks all free games are the worst thing to happpen to gaming, you could also just get Left 4 Dead or Killing Floor for your coop needs. What i'm saying is while Contagion isn't necessarily a bad game, there are many games out there that do something similar or just like it, that aren't as dead Contagion is"
,Recommended,238430,12483903,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Pinium,"Awesome Zombie Game. It's what I've always wanted in a Zombie Game, Headshots actually do matter, zombies stumble/walk instead of run (excluding PZ's), you can execute sneak attacks, play escaps, survivals, extractions, and even hunting people to survive.Edit:This game is still fun but there are definitely a lot of bugs and glitches now like being able to walk through walls. I hope they fix these glitches."
,Recommended,238430,8001735,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Tom Snooze,"It has a lot of potential. I got it for $3.75 during the Autumn sale and after 30+ have zero regrets about that purchase. It's a lot of fun, especially with friends.EDIT: 100+ hours now. Game is released and there is workshop support for community maps, plus several new maps and modes added since beta. Devs have said that upcoming ""DLCs"" will be free and will add several new maps, modes and characters. Get this game, it is awesome!EDIT EDIT: This game has been out for years now and in my opinion the developers do not understand the meta or what makes their own game fun. My review after 350 hours is that while I enjoy this game very much it has a lot of problems and never had enough players to justify all of the game modes the devs keep trying to add. I recommend picking it up during a deep discount sale if you enjoy Source Engine multiplayer games and zombie themed stuff like I do. Do not pay full price."
,Recommended,238430,11517059,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Da Knight,Epic And Realistic Survival Horror.
,Recommended,238430,10932043,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,okkokk1,Me and my friend escaped the prison only to be transformed into a roach and jump on tables. 10/10
,Recommended,238430,10740926,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Mr. BIOИIC RAID3Я,Call of Duty Old-School Players will love it<3 its just cooooool!
,Not Recommended,238430,12267307,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Star Guardian Urgot,"I got this game last october, 2013 and it was amazing. Sadly they had to screw the game up and map all kinds of new things that they didnt need... even though this game was fun for me in the beggining I have to not recommend this game for a couple reasons,#1 They keep changing♥♥♥♥♥♥#2 They added to many different weapons that are OP and not OP, sometimes I wonder why they added them.This game was fun in the beginning before they changed♥♥♥♥♥♥ look up some current vids if you want to see how it is. Do what you wish."
,Not Recommended,238430,12266522,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,drewmba,I bought this game while it was still early acess and i played for a couple days when i realized it did not change in any way so i got bored of it. Now i played it again and it has not changed at all! The sad part is it is no longer in early acess yet it has not changed as if they just gave up on it.
,Recommended,238430,8493518,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,NotSo,"contagion, if u have played zombiepanic:source well u will love thisa range of wepons from a axe to a sniper, u can barracade ur house, u can become a zombie aswellsave people,kill people,eat people,kill zombies,get killed by zombies or just hideeach type of gun as there own type of ammoim reviewing this game in beta build so i  wont say every thing90/100"
,Not Recommended,238430,16750535,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,iMod,"Pros:- Nice maps and characters- It runs good (As it should for being Source)- Nice soundCons:- Very sluggish movement- Shooting zombies is very ineffective unless it's the head. Even a shotgun point blank to the chest does nothing.- Confusing objectives- Doesn't feel polished- Zombies don't feel that ""scary"". Seem pretty dumb.I wouldn't buy it for $20."
,Recommended,238430,8518856,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,AlexSledge,"Escape: If you've played any of the original Zombie Panic: Source modification, you know escape mode. You and a number of friends play as human suvivors (for now) of a zombie outbreak, having just retreated into the lobby of a deserted and overrun metropolitan police facility and you have to work together and make your escape from the building. Along the way you scavenge for ammunition, tools and supplies to help you overcome the challenges of the facility. As your friends fall, they turn into Alpha Zombies, able to sprint, climb, and jump with abilities normally outside the capability of a Zombie (more akin to a 28 Days Later infected, or an Alien in AvP). Able to access some areas inaccessable to the human players, the quest for survival becomes more difficult as time goes, and the number of Alpha Zombies rises and surpasses that of the remaining humans. The escape route is randomized, keeping the map fresh for many play throughs.Hunt Mode: A well done tense stalking simulation, where you and a number of friends begin as humans scattered amidst a zombie infested suburban community, cul-de-sacs and all, or a quarantine research tent complex deployed in a local municipal park. Each round you must outlast the rest of the players to be the last one alive, whether through pacifist evasion, cooperative efforts, or active negation (killing the other humans Hunger Games/Running Man style) - and as the players fall, they become alpha zombies, just as in escape, making the game progressively harder as time goes on.Two key factors of both the above modes is that the maps themselves are large (in the virtual square footage sense) and structurally randomized in some sense, doors / pathways open in one round may be blocked, locked or closed off in the next - fires and other phenomenon are randomized somewhat as well - keeping the levels fresh for many play throughs. Additional, resource placement (ammo, weapons, tools), is randomized throughout the level as well - the shotgun you found on the receptionists floor may not be there the next time.Contagion uses the Source engine as well, so the movement and feel of the game is on par with other Source games I've played, keep that in mind if you're finicky about those things.My Wishes:1) While there certainly would be work involved in rebooting and refining a dozen or so maps available for Zombie Panic: Source, I think the effort should be made. I remember several that were quite excellent that I'd like to see make the jump into new & revised Contagion versions, especially with some of the new mechanics granting the classics some new (undead?) life.2) There needs to be a mechanism to allow unlimited & a selectable number of zombie respawns in Escape mode - sometimes when the randomizer hands the humans a large amount of ammunition and better weaponry early in the map it's impossible for a small number of player zombies (if any humans die at all) to provide much challenged to a well armed troupe.3) There needs to be voting mechanisms for the usual - key settings, map change, kicking offending players, etc.I haven't played much of the third mode, Extraction, where you must help Counter-Strike-esque ""Survivors"" (I still call them hostages on VOIP in game half the time) hold out in a house until extraction arrives, then escort the survivors to the extraction point, and then a new house gets chosen with more surivors, repeat. As in the other modes, as players die they become Alpha Zombies, making it more difficult to protect the AI survivors. The zombies seem to swarm the hold out point, so a successful strategy I've seen a lot use it to sprint in quick, get the hostages, er survivors to follow you, then run out of the house with them to another part of the neighborhood until the extraction arrives. As the survivors escape, they toss out a pittance of ammunition and the occasional weapon. Since you can only enter the house activated as the hold out point, equipping is rough with a full set of eight or more players, and the escaping survivors don't provide enough resupply (by far) for the mode. I don't know if there's a fixed number of survivors to rescue, or if it just keeps going until all the players / survivors die - just haven't played enough to know."
76561198060090004,Recommended,238430,16369633,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Ryebread,"I played this game for about twenty hours since the sale I got it in 6 months ago.OPTIMISATIONThe first thing I will point out is that the game is greatly optimised unlike most of the zombie games I have encountered recently. I use a amd processor in case your wondering.GAMEPLAYits essentially like left for dead with two differences, you can have a team of eight players and zombies are stronger and less numurous.ZOMBIESthere are normal zombies that can be taken down with headshots and then there is only a one special zombie which is one with a suit of riot gear.GRAPHICSI think they look nice for a indie game, textures are great and lighting makes the game look more realDIFFICULTYit is actually difficult to complete a map in a game starting off, most games have a infected setting turned on so a single scratch can result in a player turning into a zombie and become a enemy to the other players.COMMUNITYmajority of players I have encountered in this co-op game are pretty cool and co-operative however you get some rotten apples every now and then. this includes people who hog weapons and ammo and team killers in freindly fire servers who  decide to blow up a pack of C4 in the middle of a group of freindly players.MAPSthe maps change of objectives each time you play them, there are about 5 good maps in this game for the escape (campaine mode). I had fun completing all of these maps.MODSloads of neat customisation mods available"
,Recommended,238430,11072357,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Most Wanted,This is a cool co-op game with zombies you rarely lag and theres PVP if you want so its not like DAYZ i really want more people to play and buy this game and the zombie AI is very real i do recommend this game
,Not Recommended,238430,11042810,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Engineer Scotty,"I like the story, and the devs do A good job of presentation, but this game could be easily compared to the free zombie panic source game, Heck, in some ways zombie panic is funner. I know they were both by the same devs, but it seems in this version, Graphics were improved, but the Gameplay was downgraded into A simple zombie game, alright as far as simple, but lacks Uniqueness."
76561198003267156,Not Recommended,238430,34340899,Posted: 18 August,all,TheBaron,"Do not buy, Dead game which is a shame because it could have been very very good. Last update was in 2015."
,Recommended,238430,9836173,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Opsan,"This game is a good game. I enjoyed the riveting walking, and pressing of buttons. The zombies were nice too, but not a large bulk of the game. The weapon diversity consists of a wooden plank, and a sheet of paper. The best think I lofe about game is all of the maps. All 3 of them. The graphics are also nice, Very reminiscent of half life 1. This game deserves a 1/1.23/3 for consistently giving me aids."
,Not Recommended,238430,10070830,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Manthrottle Beefdeath,"Pro:Kinda pretty.Working combat.Maps are pretty...Con:But badly designed, like getting lost and not knowing where to go? This game is for you!That said, there are two maps in this game in the objective mode.Odd lack of close combat weapons, add this with scarcity of ammunition.Repetitive.Zombies move like they are on rollerskates."
,Recommended,238430,30142941,Posted: 24 February,all,.Вучковић,wish more people play it :(
,Not Recommended,238430,10035414,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Chrutzi Banane,
,Recommended,238430,11915132,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,snake eater,"The game's dead. I absolutely love it, but it is painful to watch how many empty servers there are."
,Not Recommended,238430,33791854,Posted: 25 July,all,SPARTACUS,"Do not buy this game....Read this to find out whyHonestly.... this game really wasnt bad.... i had loads of hours in game play with this game, it had great potential to be something great, but sadly i logged in a month ago and the servers are dead.... if your lucky you might find one server with 4 random strangers trying to make the best of a bad situation... this game is dead so are the servers, if you want a zombi game that runs of the valve engine get left for dead 1 or 2 has basically the same vibe.....sad to say but this game is a waste of money now... save your cash and buy leaft for dead...steam should actually remove this from steam purchasable games as its dead and what you see in trailers is a memory of what once was...."
,Not Recommended,238430,10641775,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Hepari00,"This game promises way too much, and it doesn't look like they are gonna deliver anything better than this unpolished game.It says 'unique characters', but for me they look all the same. The few lines of 'background story' to each character is everything you get.In the trailers, they NEVER mentioned that we are gonna get small confined maps full of zombies that can spawn just from anywhere, and only a handful of 'survivors'.In a co-op mode, there is no storyline. Just random situations in the same goddamn maps.just a 'go here, find this, go there'-like objectives. Firearms are limited and zombies come at you in endless numbers. It's the same ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t every round.They say 'Every round is unpredictable' ; well that's not true.You run around, fight zombies by unrewarding and boring fighting mechanisms, and you get to the end 'somehow'.Perhaps they wanted to make a zombie sandbox game. I thought that's what this could be. I was wrong.As mentioned, the maps are small. Each map is EXACTLY the same every round.In a deathmatch game, those with best camping skills are rewarded.If you walk around fighting zombies, guys will come after you and kill you. One blow from a zombie is enough to make you into a zombie. Better you camp with your back to the wall, and wait for the brave freeroamer to come in and get killed by you.I can see what they wanted to make. In their imaginations, this was the best realistic zombie simulator.But it's mediocre, really. I'm a zombies game fan, and I know that 'Left 4 Dead' is an unrealistic, arcady and funny game with running zombies. But it had at least enough variation - even without that 'completely unpredictable' ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t - to keep me entertained for many many hours.I can see they tried. But Should that be enough? I don't think so. I won't say don't buy it, but don't believe what they promise. Keep down your expectations. You won't need them.But all the features that could have been good, are only half done. And I really don't believe that it's gonna be any better."
76561198067345875,Recommended,238430,8037121,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,grenadesandham,The only flaw of this game is that there aren't enough people playing it. -Abraham Lincoln when asked about Contagion
76561198092328461,Not Recommended,238430,10081946,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,C h l o e,Still in Beta.  It won't run on my pc.  I have 4 gb of ram and it only sees 2gb.  Very disappointed.
76561197997163684,Recommended,238430,10623496,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Nefarit,"Really good game for those of you who like zombies.Great Survivor vs Survivor action, aswell as several Co-op modes vs both AI and Player Zombies.Hunted - S vs S based mode with Player Zombies aswell. You spawn in a random location on the map, and your objective is to stay alive the longest. Scavenge the abandoned houses along the way, but beware - hitting B as a human brings up your phone, and you and other players can see who is close aswell as get a buzzing noise when hitting the trigger. If you die you will respawn as a zombie and your only task is to bring down the remaining survivors. Last survivor alive wins the round.Escape - Band together with friends and strangers in this Survivor vs AI / PC zombies. Your phone will let you know what objective you need to accomplish and your main goal is to escape from the map. Weapons, ammo and items will be found along the way. Make sure you check every corner as they are sometimes hidden or you need to progress further to unlock the areas they are in.Extraction - Survivor vs AI / PC zombies where your goal is to follow the GPS on your map and find survivors held up in houses. Once you reach a holdout point, vast amounts of zombies will begin spawning, so share your ammo and your weapons with your friends, as each member of your team that gets killed will come back as one of the ravenous corpses coming to eat you. Round ends when all survivor packs have been extracted, or the zombies kill either all Player survivors or NPC survivors in a pack.Panic (Objective) - The P:O mode was taken from the spiritual prequel Zombie Panic! Source, another game worth picking up as it's free, and features a strictly PS vs PZ combat zone, where the survivors need to complete the objectives much like in Escape.Panic (Classic) The original game mode from ZP!S which just like the Objective mode features only player combat. Survive the zombie rush. Zombies have limited lives and the first player to turn becomes the strong Riot Zombie.Happy hunting and good luck surviving!"
76561198061195661,Recommended,238430,7833593,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Xanny Phantom,This game is amazing
,Recommended,238430,8043744,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Unavailable,"More zombies. Spray them in the head, get snipped, or escape with friends."
76561198056333851,Not Recommended,238430,10053255,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,spookE,Initially the game itself is fun. It gets boring quickly because of its few maps
,Recommended,238430,8815851,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,oOLynxOo,"Can't wait for updates. I am boring. I was having sex with my fiance Gary Busey today and all I could think about was: ""I can't wait for updates for Contagion"". I am done."
76561198127502229,Recommended,238430,12473348,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,lilbitdope,game is really good enjoyed playing it and would definitely purchase it soon
,Recommended,238430,8058868,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Redruler,"When first playing Contagion, I thought to myself, ""Oh a slower left 4 dead"".  And while that might be true, Contagion is also a lot more.The game is still in ""Early Access Beta"", and so far it is shaping up to be quite promising.  My favorite mode is ""Escape"".  You need to work with your team mates, watch each other's backs, and... escape.  The slow pacing adds to the sense of dread and paranoia that will hit you while you scavange for a few more bullets and try to find the way out.  The smart phone your character carries provides objective updates and on some modes a map and GPS directions.Reaching the end and escaping is highly satisfying after the methodical gameplay and teamwork you need to use to get there.  Once more maps are added it will only improve this great game even more.This game is well worth the price of entry and a steal if you can get it on sale."
,Not Recommended,238430,12043916,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Akayalila,After playing a few rounds and really hard trying you get really quick into the game the controls and everything is very simple too. The problems is you often meet hackers in that game i experienced it often in game. Speedhackers and others take a bad influence. The community is ok in Coop in vs Mode its another story.I hoped for a good game in this one i hope to find a lobby where arent any hackers or crybabies so far  The thing in Contagion is there are many game modes which i will try but when survivors should kill each other theres a high chance that hackers will be involved there.So far Survivors vs Survivors is a No. If you play with survivors together its a yes.greetz Akaya
76561197961165536,Recommended,238430,7950583,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Y0SSAЯIAN,"Ever want to try your hand in being in a Romero-type zombie world? This game gives you that chance. Theres no special infected fluff, or crazy unloading buckets of ammo into zombies. You have limited ammo with what you find, you are being hunted by human survivors, as well as zombies. They give you a false sense of security that they shamble, but after a few shots fired, they swarm just like out of a movie.This game gives you that creepy atmosphere that no place is safe, and there is no safe room, its you against them, and staying still means death. Stay on the run, find friends, and for God's sake only fire when absolutely required. If you happen to find an enemy player nearby, give him a call, hopefully the zombies answer for him =)"
,Recommended,238430,8939291,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Bucksmith,Has a potential but needs to be improved.
76561198044505240,Recommended,238430,10709028,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,M3g4m4n,Its a really good mix between Day Z and Left 4 Dead. Its round based so no worries about a dead character.Maps are pretty cool and change with every new game. Also spawnplaces for weapons and gear is different mostly.Its still a slow game and in need of more maps.
76561198050564844,Recommended,238430,9875016,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Boiler,great game for zombie loversi love zombies :3
,Recommended,238430,8037353,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Grape,it is good the end
,Recommended,238430,7487226,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,SIDESTEAL,It's in Alpha and early access - but this game is definitely worth a punt for £11.99It's a progression of the Zombie Panic Source mod but it is now standalone.Warning - it is very hard but I can see this having lots of potential !
,Recommended,238430,7832396,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,circularmirror7,Quick And fast games like Day Z. But you wont get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off a lot for losing your items.
76561198072896241,Recommended,238430,8273104,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Rabidsheep,"Excellent game, even in beta! A great laugh when playing with friends!"
76561198044002281,Recommended,238430,9914739,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,Infamous Eggnog,"A very very fun game if you're into tense, fast FPS rounds. And there's zombies! Not sure if I'd recommend playing solo though, as I only have fun playing with 1 or 2 friends."
76561198079660182,Recommended,238430,10741088,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,BuzzKillerer,This is a great coop game and very entertaning and fun
,Recommended,238430,10799742,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Sans,this game is so awesome i cant believe the graphics but best of all you can be a zombie and kill humans but there are different game mode and i like that and also you should buy it quick or time is out for you
,Recommended,238430,8940028,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Kon XIII,"It's pretty good but needs something along the lines of a player level, perks, crews and maybe character customisation, I would recommend it if you want a more serious version of Left 4 Dead."
76561198110710751,Recommended,238430,10302671,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,ching chong chow,two words... BEST GAME EVER
,Recommended,238430,7855797,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Safarax,"Awesome Game, comming from playing zombie panic for 4 years this is a great sucsessor"
,Recommended,238430,8358214,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Suketchi,"Heh, this is going to be a long review. It is not going to be all-out dissing the game, but there are ups and downs about this game. I know it is in beta but the game seems to be centering around tasks. It might just be me noticing this but the animations are a bit choppy, zombies will randomly dissapear, and the zombie's animations are a bit odd remarking their savage behavior. What I mean is that this game needs more time, I think the game shouldn't have been released at this time, giving it's condition. Yes, the game is almost stable, but I think that if they put more effort into the zombie's animations that will fill up that space. Moving on to the players, the melee weapons are hard to get used to, due to lack of damage, making them complayely useless. This game is relying too much on the guns side. Unlike NMRiH (No More Room in Hell), the melee is actually usefull, the Contagion team needs to add Critical Hits, and the ability to sever limbs. The players animations confuse me between weak hits and powerfull hits with melee weapons. I think that they need to show the player charging up their hit, and then releasing it upon the enemy. If the Contagion crew wants some inspiration, I recommend these games to light a spark: L4D 1&2, NMRiH, Project Zomnoid, The Dead Linger, and  7 Days to Die. I know this review was long and I hope the Contagion crew reads this and might get inspired or get notified of these glitches or problems, I will update if I come across anyhing."
,Recommended,238430,9845327,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Dinosir Stigma,"Contagion is survival horror at its finest.  Lurking around every corner are walkers that could potentially bring a survivor down on their own, making each encounter all the more terrifying.  Hordes of the infected have the capacity to overrun groups of survivors, making cooperative play all the more important when it comes to this game.  All in all, contagion is a fun zombie experience with a lot to offer and will keep you on your toes, whether you, yourself, are alive... or not."
76561198018225751,Recommended,238430,8489537,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,fonZIK>,very sensible gamethis game has many people who is not dead and you can kill them if u like thatand u can be a bug which is very handy
,Recommended,238430,8639637,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,TWP| Russ,GREAT GAME LOVE IT
,Recommended,238430,7958973,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Raging Robot Roel,NICE!!
76561198066197264,Recommended,238430,10838412,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Blu,"This is a great game so far, its just the developers are missing something in there.... like there's something missing in it. The graphics are beautiful with the shaders. The gunplay can be a little bad at times, but it's fixable. And I haven't tried this yet but there's a split-screen option where you can use a controller (xbox) and play with a friend side by side on one screen, if this works it would be the first PC game I've played like that. All-in-all, it's a greea game with great potentail."
76561197975976736,Not Recommended,238430,9325132,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,spammeplz,"Original Review: Crazy Zombie Game, where your allegiance may chance at any moment. XDUpdated Review: I played this for a long time during the early release stage. It was awesome, fun, and only getting better. Then they added Riot Cop Zombies, who you can barely kill, and spawn at random. The Riot Cop Zombies are a horrible unbalanced addition to an otherwise fun game.Second Update to Review: After a fairly long absence of playing Contagion and a number of updates / fixes later, I figured I would give it a try. Every single annoyance / unbalanced issue I had with the game remains unchanged. Not sure what all they've been working on, but it's still a horribly broken mess. They are releasing the new free DLC with even more fixes / updates. I may give it another go, but it'll probably be a while."
,Recommended,238430,10698000,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,BreadBox,"Amazingly fun game to play with a friend or two, but wouldn't recomend for full price."
76561198108172742,Recommended,238430,11926729,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Mr Hikikomori,i got say zombies in this game badass not to fast nor to slow and so far great gameplay i say 8/10
76561198031181799,Recommended,238430,26195455,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Karamelnii,"you play escape mod for 40 minutes and die, because you dont look for your back.10/10UPD: you play extraction mod for 30 minutes and die, because you was infected"
,Recommended,238430,8219547,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,TheOnlyLego,"Awesome game, graphics is nie HD nie, maar dit is lekker om te speel"
76561198042007030,Recommended,238430,10890107,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Deathpar7,love this game would be silly not to get
,Recommended,238430,7493842,"Posted: 27 October, 2013",all,Shaggy Rogers (Foul Play),9/10Simpley good!
,Recommended,238430,7839031,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,28 Respawns Later,♥♥♥♥♥s awesome.
76561198087880506,Recommended,238430,10899888,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Adrys Targaryen,This game looks interesting but i hate when US players join EU servers
,Recommended,238430,32836152,Posted: 26 June,all,CrazyMRANZ,Make this game free please if you arent going to add anymore features to the game
76561198101766199,Not Recommended,238430,33020706,Posted: 29 June,all,Acel,"I enjoyed playing Contagion on the weekends back in 2014.I regret having this stain in my library.I had fun years ago, and has somehow kept me from deleting the game from my library."
,Not Recommended,238430,33385805,Posted: 8 July,all,Longshot,"UPDATE:the game has gotten worse since 2016, not only is it dark af, the community is dead and developers have abandoned this once interesting and fantastic game.its a good game to play from time to time, i bought it at launch and have no regrets, one of the better zombie multiplayer games imo"
,Not Recommended,238430,7589475,"Posted: 6 November, 2013",all,✰VelvetVixen✰,"It's now trashI bought this years ago, with excitment and a promised mind. But those promises were lies and that excitment dwindled over the years.No community, no updates. It's a lost cause. Don't waste your money on this"
,Not Recommended,238430,10327575,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Total.Beppone,"Please excuse my poor english, normally I would spare you with it, but I have to shout it out:Okay that's it! After trying to beat the police department solo on hard for nearly 4 hours I'm sick of this game. Okay I know hard difficult means this won't be a walk in the park, but this is ridiculous! I just don't know where to start... For me it all started with ZP:S. Despite the cheaters the stupid maps (cabin!) and all the other things that made me hate this game, I loved it for being the only true zombie experience there was.Then I stumbled over Contagion. The only reason I bought it was, because I love zombies and I thought those people deserve my hard earned cash for the mod alone. I watched it grow -with pleasure- and I was excited about every update. But one day the developers announced the game would be done very soon. And I thought: ""How will they manage this?"" Well they didn't! They just released a skeleton of a game, it's not even a walking corpse it's just a shadow of what it could have been if you would have put more time into it, developers! I mean WTF is wrong with you? How could you insert a nearly invincible enemy like the armored zombie?! How am I supposed to kill a horde of zombies lead by an enemy that takes double the bullets as the whole horde? Did any of you guys finish this map on extreme? I made it twice to the final battle on hard in 4 hours and all I got is a big slap in the face by your stupid decision to make a zombie that ""affords the whole group"" to kill... You know grenades don't spawn that often? I mean I killed a hundred Zs with a sledgehammer and then a armored zombie shows off and kills me with three hits. Sorry for the typos and bad grammar, but you guys wasted plenty of my time today and I hope people stop supporting you! I could have lived with the lack of content but that's it... you ruined your game, abused me and others for balance testing and everyone should know that!Oh I forgot... There is still no Linux server and you can only rent servers... Maybe you go over to EA's place and shake hands and stuff...UPDATE:I've been really patient with this game. The whole thing is just sad, because there is so much potential in it. There is no game in my list that I would love to give a thumb up more than this one.But I just can't, the developers don't deserver much praise for this game...The good things are:- Basically the only game with good Zombieverse (Romero-Style) atmosphere. You have to save ammo, be quiet and most important: don't let them bite you or you'll join the undead army very soon.- Really nice gore ;)... And well that's about all to be totally honest.Bad things now:- Servers can only be rented... That alone is a joke... Any developer who does that deserves nothing but fail! Because of that I had to call it of like a dozen times, there were simply no servers available with a proper connection!"
,Recommended,238430,7912334,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Marcusq(chel wuz here),"Feels a bit like a old school shareware demo currently, I bought it for 11$ for a 4 pack which is like 2.75$ a game. Definetly can't reccomend it for more than 5$ until full release once you have finished the 1 survival map that is included you have pretty much seen everything this has to offer if you only really enjoy co-op. Competative modes just don't do much for me."
76561197969276367,Recommended,238430,9617704,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Frengler,"Inevitably this game will be compared up against Left 4 Dead 2. This is understandable but not entirely fair to the game although there are certainly many similarities. In a market already oversaturated with zombie-games left, right and center what is there to recommend? What is there to make this stand out? Honestly I can't answer that since I haven't played most of the other games out there. What I can tell you though is why I like it.First of all it has atmosphere in spades. The graphics do a lot to help with this and by that I don't necessarily mean visual fidelity but the overall style. Where L4D is a little lighter on the horror and as a result tend to be a brighter game this is darker and more - dare I call it - ""realistic"". When I say dark I mean litteral darkness and your flashlight is designed in such a way that it isn't a magic lamp that illuminates everything and make things instantly better. You'll have to see it to know what I mean but I can tell you that facing off against a gang of zombies in a dark room can get very tense despite your flashlight.The pace is also very different. It's slower and less arcade than other similar FPS zombie games. Zombies move slower and though they can ""run"" (more like walking fast) there are no sprinters. It builds more on the premise that even a few zombies become a serious threat if you let them come up close. Headshots are the name of the game and ammo/weapons are meant to be scarce. Melee is an option but don't expect to wade through even a few zombies with your sledgehammer. Zombies take multiple hits to go down, swings are slower than you might think... oh and they use precious stamina that you also need to sprint.I could go on but I hope the above has already given you a sense of whether this is something for you or not. You can read about the different game modes elsewhere but in brief there's one PvP mode (hunting others on maps filled with zombies) and two co-op modes. And when I say co-op I do mean co-op: don't expect to get far or have an easy time without some serious teamwork!Bottom-line: don't let comparisons to other games (such as L4D1-2) influence your decision. Both this game and L4D2 are among my favorite zombie co-op shooters and I love each for their way of doing things."
76561198283398190,Recommended,238430,23870920,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,BlockiestNine1,"Advanced,Skilled,talented zombie game this deserves top spot on my book for example,all the game play mechanics are realistic"
,Recommended,238430,11949236,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,CaseFace5,"Contagion is an odd game in the fact that the gameplay is perfect... the guns feel real, the zombies are extremely well done, headshots feel perfect, they've hit the nail on the head in terms of control and feeling, but for some reason the game feels completely underrated... this is the zombie game I wanted for a long time but I do feel like it needs more weapons, more maps, and hell maybe even more linear-ish L4D campaign style mapsbut overall its an extremely well polished game and I would highly reccamend checking it out!"
,Recommended,238430,11947799,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,SsjSilentTV,if you liked zombie panic source then this game reminds me of it but a more up to date version... however you don't start as a zombie (those whitey lovers) you start as a survivor
,Recommended,238430,11948339,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Utopia,"CategoryRatingNotesGameplay8.5Extremely fun, very easy to lose track of time while playing. Amazing with friends, and mod support. Would love to see an updated version on Unreal Engine 4.Graphics7.5Nice graphics, but could definitey be improved.Price8.5The price is decent, but on sale it's well worth $15."
76561198013618654,Recommended,238430,7978703,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Inkillian,"Very fun multiplayer zombie game! Unique game modes, plenty of weapons, and fun pvp."
76561197960281570,Recommended,238430,7979878,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Combat Gorge,"Good stuff, little lacking on the content at the moment, but for a beta a rather complete game. Turn down your volume when you first load or you will have your ear drums blown out by the menu music.edit* needs more extraction maps, escaping from the prison is great fun but how often can you escape from the same prison before even randomizing zombie placement becomes predictable."
,Not Recommended,238430,33318979,Posted: 6 July,all,Stormchaser12,"The game seemed pretty good when I played it, but now it's more or less of a ghost town. You'll rarely see more than 30 players at a time, and the developers for some odd reason went completely silent about a year back.The game had some great potential, as it managed to make the source engine look beautiful, and the gameplay, while nothing special, was still fun. The game does have a workshop, but the lack of any players means that it too is abandoned.If you're a zombie nerd and are looking for a zombie survival game, I suggest checking out No More Room in Hell first, as it is a free modification for Half Life 2 and it is very similar to this game, while also having an active playerbase. If you truly do want to play this game, I suggest getting it during a sale and making sure a friend or two has the game as well."
,Recommended,238430,11515920,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,FutureMedTechPls,"This game has gone far already with great updates to the game, plus new content coming in through the workshop, with the constant updates on what the devs are currently doing, overall the purchase itself was worth it. It's the time it takes for the game to be ""complete"" for me. The game has a few bits of bugs here and there and while that isn't really much of a problem since to me, it's using a very old engine. Using that old engine has its cons like it doesn't take a ultra gaming pc to play the game and it doesn't require much eyesore in terms of the graphics itself cause they revamped it so much. The gunplay in terms of that engine though is quite thrilling. Using your phone tactically was a first for me. Oh and its sooo not like L4D btw just puttin that out there. (The biggest drawback for me though, was looking for servers.... sooo please buy the game. Imo, the game needs more players. That's it.)To sum it up, the game isn't perfect, but it's constantly changing for the better. With the great support from the devs and a great playerbase so far, this game can go places to AAA titles maybe."
,Not Recommended,238430,8552350,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Reinz,"Contagion, the game in which joining your friends is your hardest objective."
,Not Recommended,238430,9803160,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Micket,"Boring gameplay and dishonest, censorhappy dev(s).ZPS is king.http://i.imgur.com/G4EsaEj.png?1"
,Recommended,238430,12236029,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Hunter-Spy,"It runs really really good, which is what I didn't expect from a heavily modded source game. I wish the perskins group would play this on a game night."
,Not Recommended,238430,33373564,Posted: 8 July,all,Scvlly 懸念,"It's like No More Room In Hell, but worse, and costs money."
,Recommended,238430,8242863,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Psychedelic Taco,"great game, but lacked tacos"
,Not Recommended,238430,21606108,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,frums,I don't know why everybody love Contagion....In my opinion it'isnt a Good game because i think the gameplay is annoying....When the player plays as a zombie is SO BORING!The weapons are so weird to use because you don't have a good crosshair....In my opinion i don't recommend this game....4/10
76561197996606200,Not Recommended,238430,21735044,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,1001,not finished at all
76561198062479736,Recommended,238430,24492926,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,NickSilver,"I first played Contagion way back in Early Access, and while it was a decent game then, it definitely needed work. I then went a very long time without playing it, and recently decided to try it out again. I came back not expecting much to have changed. However, it has become a very enjoyable game, with several different and fun gamemodes, splitscreen multiplayer, and steam workshop integration. While I rarely buy games that are not on sale, this is one that I can actually say is worth the full price."
76561198014399792,Recommended,238430,16785650,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Esty,I like it
76561198208864648,Recommended,238430,33010472,Posted: 29 June,all,andrewbr549,Great game to play with friends.
,Recommended,238430,7879784,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Islandshadows88,"If you played zombie panic or no more room in hell, you will enjoy this game. Currently in its beta form, its not perfect but its still playable with minor bugs and animations."
,Recommended,238430,8471561,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Scootloops,You can be a cockroach.
,Recommended,238430,10911163,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Mooxykins,"Surprisingly entertaining, playing hide & seek with zombies is the best..or just shooting them in the head, that's pretty awesome too."
,Recommended,238430,10890688,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,AlphaNovemberAlphaLima,"This game recently came out with this split screen. Oh god. As of now, it is extremely glitchy. Zombies will only spawn half the time, if both players have remington 700s out, you see eachothers screen, if a player becomes infected, the other players can merge with some of these traits from time to time (ie. seeing the zombies vision ability, and the foot steps) and the list goes on and on. However, it is very hilarious if you don't want to play a serious game with your friends and it is a neat idea, but it just needs a lot of improvement.As for the actual singleplayer game, meh. I mean, there is pretty good gameplay value, just not a lot of maps. I have stuck with this game since early access came out, and I noticed a major decline in the quality of the graphics since ealry access.I'm just wishing that the developers would come in and do a house cleaning because this game has a serious amount of potenetial, especially the hunted mode (like a multiplayer mode with zombies).I recommend this game for people who don't get that angry at BS. For now, at least."
76561198058220228,Recommended,238430,10909417,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,TigerAnus,best played with friends on extreme 10/10
,Recommended,238430,8259928,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,L1ght,"It's quite a nice game, It has a good atmosphere, the graphism are not so ugly, killing zombies is fun here but it needs some improvements (it's in beta after all).For example, some zombies just stop moving without any reasons, some items can't be picked up and some others things.For a beta, it's realy nice"
,Recommended,238430,8243959,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,McChillen,Pretty sweet so far! Can't wait for upcoming content and updates!
,Recommended,238430,8197422,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Dinny,"Really fun game i recommend buying expecially throughout the Steam Christmas Sale! Great fun to play with your friends with many features which keep you fixed onto the game. All gameplay/audio run really smooth without fail. Baring in mind this is in Beta and i'm already i'm having fun playing it, i haven't encountered any bugs so far from as i'm aware. Any FPS Zombie killers would love this game!"
76561198003835606,Recommended,238430,9444174,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Midian,I just want to say great job to the developers of this game.  Seeing all the updates is very encouraging and can't wait for the full polished version!
,Recommended,238430,8804765,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,ZANDER THA OUTLANDA,i think its an amazing spritual successor to zombie panic source with it still growin im sure it will be an amazing game!85/100
,Recommended,238430,31803557,Posted: 17 May,all,✨Animu Hunter✨,"An interesting game for a couple of evenings, which, unfortunately, died when you left. There are no players in it, servers too."
76561198097370422,Recommended,238430,7859494,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,TheBrick,this game is very well thought out team work is going to be key.also this is a very  good game to play with friends surviving is very fun on this game as well as the darkness that is all around you giving you the feeling that your all alone with very few people around very nice music too[WOLF]RANGER-MEDICvote yes oh and if you dont like it dont leave a rude comment lets see your game
,Recommended,238430,7853274,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Tony,"Played offline game with 3 others and its quite fun - as long as you have patience. I would opt against having any zombies who don't know the layout or they will be stuck with nothing to do/nowhere to go.  Its worth about £4 each but would only play with people who resist from grabbing all the bloody ammo as it won’t help you.  It’s a mod of l4d2 and you can tell, gameplay in the survivor rescue is fun online with randoms but would wait a bit longer when the game is more refined.  Very good at this stage can’t wait for the updates!"
,Recommended,238430,7905930,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Handful of ants,I like this.
,Recommended,238430,7855618,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,cray4K,"This game is pretty fun. I like the cooperative mode more than the free-for-all survival mode, but opinions are like pores: everyone has too  many to count."
,Not Recommended,238430,11220866,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Luceos,"Really hard to get into this game. As a team-based surivical zombie game it has promise, however the limited play field makes it less enjoyable."
,Not Recommended,238430,11187434,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Astery,"Reviewed 12th July 2014, full released versionThe good:+ Sticking to Romero-esque zombies, no ""special infected"" zombies that don't really belong to the universe.+ Basic Gunplay and movement+ A more grounded L4D in conceptThe why and the bad:- immserion breaking objects placement: Tools and weaponary that seemingly can be used in the game are more often than not just decorations in maps. And there are literally littered everywhere around the map. Fences that act as wall barriers to make you go through long alternate routes is fine until you see not only zombies, but other suvivor NPCs climb over them with ease.- Very bad guns balancing. It's ok if I have to do head shots to kill zombies, but it's a bit ridiculous if I have to do a headshot with a shotgun in pin point distance to kill them too. SMGs, ARs advantages are really only just a higher fire rate for me to spam more bullets to hit heads rather than doing more damage or more stopping power.- Bad resource management and feedback. You will have to guess how much of a type of ammo you have if you don't have the corresponding guns that use the specific ammo. Dropping ammo for team mates that require them is pretty much gonna be a disaster of mess, which it really shouldn't be for a game that is suppose to rely on good team work.- Each co-op playthroughs has no or very little and quite meaningless variant in paths and objectives, despite what's being advertised to you. Randomization of weaponary really doesn't mean much when the balancing of them are so bad that your pistol will normally do the job.The bottom line:- The game is fun with friends for the first few times until you have ran through each map once or twice.- If you are looking for an experience similar to L4D campaign co-op, there is a grand total of 2 maps of that that will take at max 2 hours to complete, with a high chance that you have missed a key somewhere and spending 20 minutes being frustrated looking for it.- If you don't have friends to play this with, your best bet is the pvp hunted mode as it's the only mode that still has a few players playing in and it's the mode that require the least team work if at all. In which I really have to say that there are just about hundreds and thousands of other shooters that plays and look better, do yourself a favor and play those instead.- There is not much content, or variations as of this review is written. Surely you can always keep an eye on steam workshop for actual extra content, but keep your expectations in check until the free DLC hits."
76561198034042609,Not Recommended,238430,13378931,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,DooManiC,This game sucks.
76561197968258755,Not Recommended,238430,13936381,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,DeathStarOfDavid,"Picked this game up on the steam winter sale, in short, this game is left 4 dead if you take out the cool aspects and the fun, with a lack of objective and orientation, you have yourself a clumsy zombie shooter that is a chore to play with friends."
76561198044058707,Not Recommended,238430,20205475,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Orthallon,"The game is entertaining and has many great features, but it has many bugs including the following:1. Sometimes the keyboard/mouse will not move you correctly after loading; disabling controller settings can help this however these settings are on by default and it may be a recurring problem if you are not diligent about checking them.2. There is no way to tell if you are going to spawn as a zombie when joining random games, so if you're interested in cooperative play to meet objectives, you need to arrange your match ahead of time for any guarantees.3. Every time I have completed a map, the game sits on the final score screen and I am forced to exit the game which results in my not having any of my achievements recorded on my steam profile.  Annoying to not be able to track your progress.4. Between my kids and I (three computers), whenever we try to play together on LAN, if one of the games crashes it crashes the game for all three of us.  The two who do not crash get a ""Game Paused"" message and it never recovers, and the person who crashed (if it was not the host) is unable to rejoin the game.  We have not yet been able to complete a mission together on LAN due to this.  This may actually be two problems; either an actual game crash, or a short break in our wifi which I believe is the cause for the ""Game Pause"" message, however both have the same result of being unable to finish a level.If these issues can be resolved then I would recommend this game."
,Recommended,238430,9052310,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,sync54,this game is good
76561198002367815,Recommended,238430,8893102,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Jimathael,"Contagion is the most atmospheric Zombie game I have played. Every sense you have is used against you an inivative way that will build the panic and dread inside you until you jsut want to run. The sound effects of unknown things going on in a house around you, windows smashing, footsteps, groaning, are the most tension building thing I've known. They're slow shambling stupid Zombies but the balance is just right and when they're in a horde you literally can't get away form them quick enough. For a small development team that have completely impressed me and everyone I know who has played it and the best part is. Its only in Beta. I haven't heard a single person making the ""its a beta"" defence because there is no need to defend it.10/10"
,Recommended,238430,8963683,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Sythius,"A fun, scary Zombie based FPS with a Hunter mode and playable Zombies."
,Recommended,238430,7911265,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,John McClane,Best FPS survival zombie game I have played so far. Definetly worth to check out!
,Not Recommended,238430,12242326,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Jean-Arnhem,"The multiplayer is kinda fun. Mauling the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of your buddies is enjoyable if you're a zombie. The single player is♥♥♥♥♥♥ The graphics, too, are sad considering the FPS that it puts out.4/10 - It's 'Meh.' A sale game if your buddies have it."
76561198124346439,Recommended,238430,16577092,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,The Epic Gamer,no words this game is amazing
76561198092333083,Recommended,238430,8858671,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Shrewd,buy it !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,238430,10352877,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Spyhunter223,"A Killing-Floor esq zombie survival that is much more realistic, though somewhat limited. Some good game modes. Waiting for more content though. Only really fun with friends. Worth it, but wouldnt buy it unless its on sale."
,Not Recommended,238430,33497886,Posted: 13 July,all,Whirblewind,Abandoned by its developers - and players.
76561198165729622,Recommended,238430,16533001,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,AlphaCommander42,With ease one of the best zombie shooter games I've ever played. Still playing it every weekend. Sooo awesome...
76561198073048467,Recommended,238430,9809901,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,[PIKA] Death The Kid,"Fun game even if it is on Alpah (or Beta) Really fun playing with friends or random people, very very hard alone"
,Recommended,238430,8647278,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,fishCx,"Played this game for a while and i have to say, i really enjoyed it so far.There's tons of details on the maps, great ambience overall. Since it's still in beta, i can't really know how it's going to be when fully released, but i've heard they're gonna add SDK soon so lots of community maps and other content will probably be there.it's quite hard to play with people you don't know though, since they're mostly just team killing you. i recommend playing with friends."
,Recommended,238430,11954000,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Madface,"If you're looking at this you're probably wondering if the game is worth a buy, 20$ may seem very expensive to those who don't have the luxury to just go out and buy games without a doubt while it may seem like pocket change to others.Considering this is my first review please take this with a grain of salt.Why should I consider buying Contagion?You should buy Contagion because It's fun, it provides an environment where cooperation is key, while that may seem like a generic statement across all sorts of zombie survival games, seriously, in this one, it is. If your friends die they become zombies and ultimately that makes your gameplay a whole lot more difficult because that one player zombie can infect another player and they're count goes up one by one until the last person is left cowering in a corner before she/he is mauled to death by a horde. A lot of players who prefer the old slow zombies and freakish hordes of them will like this game in its entirety.Contagion challenges the players in a multitude of gamemodes such as...Escape - Which you could say is the traditional left 4 dead style,""Let's go do some objectives so we can get out of here.""type of thing.Extract - If you have ever played Resident Evil 3, this is the mercenary mode where you run around extracting civilains.Hunt - You versus everything else pretty much.Zombie Panic Classic - If you have ever played the Free to Play Zombie Panic Source, this is basically the same.Zombe Panic Objective - The same as Zombie Panic Source's objective escape mode, it's Escape in Contagion too but this time it's you versus a player zombie at the start.Stopping with the possibly ranting non-sense, lets get on with this review. First of all, the store page in comparison to real gameplay.Store Page Advertising in Comparison to Real GameplayIf you've read the section ""What they're saying about Contagion"" which is the first section of the store page for reviewers it's basically saying that Contagion is a good game that has gone back to the old style slow zombie game that is worth the 20$ it's worth. But is that really true?My Experience in relation to this statement.Yes, Contagion has done that and so far I've liked the game, even in the most frustrating moments I've had fun running around popping zombies in the head once or beating them with a melee weapon of my choice. But that is me however, how would it be for you the player?Contagion may be fun for a good majority of the possible people willing to throw money at the developers so that they can play however a there is also the fact a lot of people have said that the game is terrible, the graphics are bad, the gameplay sucks, gore is 'meh' and it's been an overall bad experience. Hell, the two first reviews I saw of Contagion had said that it was a bad game and there was only one good review. But these reviews were a bit old, like, months back old so I decided to write one myself.In all seriousness, if you have a problem with graphics, any game developed for the Source Engine is gonna look bad in some way so you should save yourself the time and money and just ignore this game all together. If you're cool with it, enjoy.Gameplay wise, if you have everything going for you and you have a smart team to play with, even on the most hardest difficulties you will steam roll through zombie hordes and make it to the end with minimum casualties if not zero. That is probably the biggest aspect of the game I consider that makes it fun for anyone to play it really. Teamwork is essential in this game and if you're not a teamplayer, you're gonna get wiped quick and you'll probably get mad very easily at this game because being mauled by a horde of zombies isn't fun, not for you, not for anyone and not even for your teammates across the map. Because when you die, they'll have to deal with you and any player zombie is more fiendish than an NPC in a horde.The Gore is decent, it's not gonna rock you and have blood spraying everywhere but the limbs will fall off I assure you this. It's also toggable so if you have children who want to play feel free to turn of it. Then again, why are you subjecting your child to such a violent gorish videogame like Contagion?Overall Experience of Contagion? It's pretty good, I wouldn't say 'decent' because the only time I would ever say 'decent' if it was a 50/50 that everything was going right and everything was going wrong at that point. With my 'small' experience of Contagion gameplay I can only say this. It's good because discluding the idiotic players, the twit taking things he doesn't need and the relatively low chance of getting trolled by a zombie because you've emptied a magazine into his head, it's pretty good.The only things you need to worry about in the game is the things I just discluded, the dumb or should I say, learning players, the trolls, the hoarder of ammo and the trollish hitboxes preventing you from ending the zombies life. Those are the only things that are going to ruin your day, mostly the trollish hitboxes on the zombies. Other than that, the players tend to listen and stick together but you will usually always have the one guy who decided to hoard everything and not share one bit of it.Dynamic GameplayWhat they've said is true in terms of finding weapons or objectives but the map layout tends to be the same and you will usually have a deja vu moment here and there. It will always be new in terms of trying to find the objective in the various places they put it as well as the pathways you take to that objective but other than that the map will remain the same. I honestly thought the map would be different like they made blocks of the maps that would interlock easily and would create a whole new environment all together.Edit 9/2/2014 - Added a little bit concerning the pathways to objectives will always be different.State Of The Art GoreI would say that this would be true in terms of it described but I honestly don't think it's state of the art, you could really compare this to Deadspace's limbic system when you utterly destroyed the monsters.Immersive Sound EffectsThis I would consider to be definetly true, I never got to a point where I ran through the game without even thinking, I was always cautious because the obvious zombie moans around the corner usually prepared me to get mauled to death.Traditional ZombiesYes, yes, yes. Spot on though I'd have to say, they can climb ladders and get into vents? Seems a bit new to me in terms of what zombies could do...Extensive Survival EquipmentI'd have to say, this really disappointed me. I expected there to be a multitude of items to use as a weapon and it severely disappointed me when I enter a store and there's all this hardware I could use as a possible weapon but they didn't consider it. They did however say that they would continue to add so I suspect more in the future.Unique GamemodesI don't know if Unique meant that the experience in itself would be unique each time or that each game mode was unique. This statement is basically what I explained up top if you've missed it, other than that, I don't know how to respond to this literally.Stop Paying MoreHurray! What else am I supposed to say?I'll probably add more to this review later on in the future, overall I have to say 9/10, the game is really fun when things are on your side, that can be said for a lot of games though.In the end, it's your choice whether or not you want to buy it or not. Hopefully this review is on your side and you don't have a horrible experience."
76561198063888956,Recommended,238430,7855676,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,igame2much,Great game for such a great price!!! Its only in Beta so it can only get better from this point forward! I.M.O. it has a verrrry bright future ahead of it
,Recommended,238430,15756617,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,deleted,50%-50%
76561198035311613,Not Recommended,238430,29967483,Posted: 16 February,all,Cpt. Bullshit,"It sank into developer hell, and I honestly don't think it will ever leave.Sorry folks... Back to ZPS.EDIT: Oh wait... Its not in early access?...Not to be an♥♥♥♥♥ but you know that doesnt really help your argument, right?"
76561198137851038,Not Recommended,238430,24150342,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,The Jolly Scottsman,"It's Dead, Jim."
,Not Recommended,238430,16462120,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,master baiter,"Do not buy this game, I repeat DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. This game wears off fairly quickly and unless you know for certain that you can and will get amount a good amount of bang for your buck. The truth is their are many other games out there that take concept of some movie zombie tropes like zombies should be shot in the head, also their many of them are slow, save your money and get yourself I dont know like 15 choclate bars."
76561198098409219,Not Recommended,238430,16690106,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,FriedBeans,i bought this game over a year back easy.. i see no changes.. it is a decently fun zombie game but its not worth the 20 bucks.. maybe 5-10 and tens pushing it ... devs dont give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about the game .. honestly the only change i seen within the year + is this new video on the store page lol thats what the devs have been doing for a year
,Not Recommended,238430,16920183,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Xograph,"If you were to immediately become blind while standing in the middle of Walmart during Black Friday, you'd probably have a better time finding where to go, what to find, and surviving than this game. Servers are usually laggy, game has barely changed over a year, zombie hitboxes are awful, player zombies are completely overpowered, list goes on and on and on.Although you might have some initial fun popping zombie heads, the more you play, the more obvious the problems become. Playing escape always tells you to go hunting for small items across an entire maps like keys, so you have to backtrack for most escape maps, and you basically bumble around for 20 minutes, die, then do it again as a zombie until the round ends. Directions are way too vague for escape, which is actually one of the best modes. The rest of the game mode are meh except for hunted, until player zombies win the match for everyone.Play No more room in hell instead, it's free and it's at least 78.54% more fun than this overpriced mess.TL;DRGets boring after a while,zombie hitboxes are broken + player zombies opGamemodes are pretty boringGET NO MORE ROOM IN HELL"
,Recommended,238430,10820660,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Lionheart,Pretty fun co-op based zombie survival shooter... Has a few bugs but apart from that it's fun as ballz :)
,Recommended,238430,8999482,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,flazhr,"Contagion is developing and shaping up quite nicely. As of now, the game does not offer a whole lot, but it is still fun to play it every now and then when it updates. I've only invested a mere 5+ hours in Contagion as I am waiting for more content and replay value.I am in love with the concept, feel, shape, sound, taste and looks of Contagion but I am waiting for the complete experience."
76561197998239283,Recommended,238430,9907761,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,Chainedkitty,"This game is wonderful, for once there is a game that brings the horror of zombies back to life.With contangions ""darkness"" and ""gritty"" enviorments and shading this game is a treat to those who want to finally partake in a game where zombies are a real threat.Contangion brings back everything i loved in zombie games and have wanted in a long line of them that have fallen short to my expectations.Todays genera of ""survival"" games really try to grab people into the market by saying they have ""zombies"" inside of them, when in fact the zombies in most those games are minor or no threat what so ever, but more of a backnoise that brings you back to the realization that the game was meant to be a zombie one, when ever you are not pvp'ing other's.this game dosent do that like the other's, Instead this game wants zombies to be the true threat, along with other player's.when bitten you can be infected and turn among you're fellow friends, making trust a very scary thing in the game.For those who want to take on the game as a hero slaying loner they have ""solo"" witch dose bring the realization as to how vunerable you really are in this world.ammo is tough to find, and zombies only go down in one way that has been ignored by so many game developer's, and thats ""shoot them in the head""the only way to put them down, making you really hate yourself if you miss a head shot, knowing you just wasted a bullet.I suggest trying this game out while you can.it makes you feel like you're playing ""l4d"" but a more realistic feel instead of a cartoonish one.wonderful game, i hope they keep up the work, so far its a amazing ride."
,Recommended,238430,18568379,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Zezztah,"Honestly, this game is great. Solo or with friends. It's sad though, this game has soo much potential.Yes, devs haven't updated for like a year... but I think that's changing because they've released a free dlc, pretty small though but atleast it's something so I think the devs are slowly coming back to this game."
76561198110767187,Recommended,238430,8730321,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Fancyflying,"This game really makes you feel a deep sense of unease. Never knowing where the next infected may come from is heart pounding. The AI is pretty damn smart for being undead, mistakes feel like your fault. A few bugs here and there but it is early access. Glad I picked this one up early :)"
,Not Recommended,238430,16801367,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,MCD CSGO500,"Start the game, hit play,♥♥♥♥♥♥wont load0/4"
,Not Recommended,238430,18559986,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,HonestAbe,"Laggy, glitchy, unfun. Don't waste your time or your money on this game; it's no ZPS"
,Not Recommended,238430,18057365,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Kinder Шоколадница,"Game with big potential that has never been fulfilled. It becomes incredibly boring hour or more into playing this game. I could ramble about poor animations, tedious missions and lack of maps, but I'm going to stop right here."
,Not Recommended,238430,18356444,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,tEddy,"Unfriendly to players play as zombies, nothing special all you can do is attack by left and right mouse button (heavy attack)..Balanced only when number of  survivors vs zombies is 1:2, however most of the game mode and maps have no players, so it's hard to achieve this kind of number and portion.I regret to buy the game after I played L4D series lol..."
,Not Recommended,238430,18283632,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Kohaku,"Such a dull and boring game, i picked it up since i liked the trailer only to find it´s multiplayer only and it´s player base is dead, the game ambient doesn´t do anything other then show how dull and lifeless it is. Don´t buy this get left for dead if you want a zombie game for co op or killing floor for a nice horror game."
,Recommended,238430,8237774,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Lyca,"This is the best Zombie game I've ever played in my life and it's only in Beta. Some features need to be added like a fire extinguisher not exploding when shot. The game makes you feel like you really need ammo to survive and you can give your ammo to a partner by emptying your gun, dropping some rounds, or dropping the entire gun for them with a single button, which is a feature more games should have. It's currently in Beta and on sale for $3.74 and is well worth it, even at a higher price point."
,Recommended,238430,8251239,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Lasheen,"Contagion is an excellent and new experience. still in its beta stages, it's worth the $3.74. Even though it's not finished, Contagion is a great game, I enjoyed the open maps and the cellphone compass thingy to find objectives.The game looks very promising and very enjoyable co-op.A Must Have Game!!!"
,Recommended,238430,8257288,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Hildibrand Manderville,"I love this game, and everything about it. When extracting survivors from a house surrounded by the shambling undead, the game hardly feels like an early access game. Every bullet, every step, cannot be taken lightly - this game is a very good change to the zombie titles in the market today. With the option of both co-op and player versus player, this game can be enjoyed even without a multitude of maps for early access. Each map is random - what I mean by that, is NO playthrough will be the same - Objectives will be different, will have different locations, and different strategies for tackling them. Knowing maps won't do very good here, and thats what makes this game amazing."
76561198014453502,Recommended,238430,9624590,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,sai tyrus,"Fans of the zombie genre will be pleased. Unlike L4D, there are no specials in this game. To bring down a zombie, you have to land a well-placed headshot. Zombies are typically slow, with the occasional burst of speed.The game offers three game-types as of this writing: two co-op gametypes, and one versus. In all the game modes, if you die, you become a zombie.It's definitely different and the team at Monochrome have been steadily updating the title since Alpha. I heartily recommend Contagion. The game oozes personality and runs well (pros and cons of being a Source engine game). In the end though, it's fun as hell. And isn't that what really matters?I love Contagion. Check it out.If you want a more in-depth explaination check out my impressions at my blog:http://www.saityrus.com/impressions-contagion/"
,Recommended,238430,9965513,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,MattWolf,This game his pretty solid. The feeling you get playing it si good. Graphics are good and i really enjoy the way you handle the controls. They really feel real and aiming is hard when moving just like it should. The mode hunted lets you fight the other players in various maps filled with zombies witch keep you on your toes since they can easily kill you. Its somthing to try if you like zombi games.
,Recommended,238430,7857817,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Shammy Sumishanu,Its an enjoyable game
,Not Recommended,238430,16608070,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,radicalkiwi,"To me, the only fun gamemode is escape, and over time the 4 or 5 maps get boring. I mean, the gameplay's pretty nice, and so are the graphics, but the charaters don't seem to change anything at ALL, and they  seem to focus on that. Overall.4/10."
,Recommended,238430,31853032,Posted: 19 May,all,Thrilloby MyCSGORanks.com,"This genuinely isn't a bad game, but it could have been amazing and I think that this is the real tragedy with this title. The game has some nice game modes, decent visuals and gameplay, and with the extraction mode you have to use GPS on a mobile/cellular phone to find locations and I think that this was a nice touch which should have been exploited more.The main negatives of this title are that as of May 2017 the servers are limited (not as dead as some have indicated though), the gameplay and visuals could be improved upon, there are some glitches and lags that are pretty bad, there isn't any real storyline for single player and there seems to be little to no further development in progress or planned.This is a real shame and I do think that this could have been a quality title. If you pick up the game cheaply then I still think it's worth it, especially to play with friends."
,Not Recommended,238430,33777069,Posted: 24 July,all,Pyropepper-Cunt,If you want a good Multiplayer co-op zombie game with fun gunplay and for FREE just get No More Room In Hell...ITS FREE
,Recommended,238430,7563590,"Posted: 3 November, 2013",all,Styke,Zombie Panic 2 by the team that made Zombie Panic.
76561198119522877,Recommended,238430,12103228,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Enigmatic Coffee,One of the best zombie survival games I have ever played.
76561198015652836,Not Recommended,238430,14910506,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,^4Old Greg,This game has been around for a year or so... NO improvements. It is still as 'dead' as ever with very low detail locations and stingy ammo. Zombies die the same way every time.Cant recommend it at ALL...
,Recommended,238430,7817645,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,|NeX| Meta,This game is great. Surpassed my expectation.
,Recommended,238430,7814898,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,AndyPandy,"One of the best zombie games to come out in a while... This is NOT like Left 4 Dead, run and shoot em up. It's like Half-Life 2 meets Dead Island and DayZ, You have to conserve your ammo, You don't know if you can trust anyone and sneaking around will save your life more then running and gunning, first zombie game where I've gotten scared.  It's only in beta and has a few bugs but they are not that bad, I def rec this game to anyone looking for the next great zombie game. Throw on your headset, crank up the graphics, play in the dark with friends and be ready to get scared and have an awesome time killing zombies or... be a zombie and infect the living! 11 out of 10! GET THIS GAME NOW!"
76561198122646282,Recommended,238430,16479283,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Sampson.Simpson,"When I first bought this game I was disapointed. I paid full price for it and I felt confused and annoyed by almost everthing I tried to do. After investing a reasonable amount of playtime into this game, I am happy to say now that I thoroughly enjoy this game. That is why I would really like for more people to buy this game and play it. This game deserves to be more popular. Furthermore, the game is on sale right now so people will be checking it out and there has never been a better time to join if you have considered it. For those reasons I have decided to provide what I think is a good recipe for getting started in Contagion.1. The first thing you should do is go to start game and select the hunted game mode on any map. Choose solo play, turn infection off, and put the difficulty on easy. You will be dropped into a map with randomly generated zombies and a decent amount of weapons and ammo laying around for you to pick up. Hunted is a pvp game mode and since you are playing solo, this will be a good way for you to just run around aimlessly killing zombies and familiarizing yourself with the gameplay and the maps. Do this until you get tired of it and feel ready for the game to get more intense.2. Now that you have gotten a feel for the game, go to find game, select hunted as the game mode, and join the first server that pops up. From here you will be looking to find and kill the other living characters (not zombies). This is a lot of fun, for beginners and vets alilke. Since your new, you may or may not get killed early, but thats ok since you get to come back from the dead to seek retribution against the living. Basically you get to play the entire time without having to sit and wait just because you died,3. Have you made any friends yet? If so, check out some of the escape maps and see if they want to play. If not, check out some escape maps anyway, pay attention to your phone, but dont expect it to spell out all the information you need, your gonna need to figure things out on your own.4. After logging some time in the game, now you are ready to try your skills at extraction. Try to find and save the survivors, but be warned, it gets intense. Just remember to wait for other players before entering the extraction points, as you will need their help when the hoards start to arrive. Not to mention if you go running straight into the houses without waiting for the others, it kinda ruins the game for everyone.5. Have nothing to note on the panic game modes since it's pvp and I've never found a server playing them, looks like it might be fun though. Check this game out!! Happy gaming everyone!"
,Not Recommended,238430,14100416,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Ethical Lune™,"Almost exactly the same as pre-alpha/beta/whatever.Horrible hit detection,extremely poor melee mechanics,moderately unoptimized,twitchy & stuttery multiplayer sometimes,audio bugs for voices,a ton of animation bugs for humans & zombies, and more.Nothing makes this game stand out, gameplay is unsatisfying and dull, and quality is mediocre at best.If you still think this game is fun, go check out No More Room in Hell and see how much more fun you could've been having. (It's free, btw.)"
,Recommended,238430,10254367,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,ɦєxєŋ,"Contagion is ultra realistic zombie apocalypse simulation with different modes and game types, like Hunted (PvP), Escape (exatcly what it means) and Extraction (helping NPC survivors to escape). Ammo is very limited, finding powerful guns can be pretty challenging, and the envirnoment is dark, mostly rainy and full of zombies. Graphics are very realistic, gameplay is nice and non-repetetive. It's all about teamplay; as a L4D2 scavenge rusher and soloer, (yea, right) I also wandered off the group and did objectives myself, but usually you can get yourself killed by doing that (yes, in some modes you can get infected from single scratch). All in all this game very well done, and as the workshop just came to it, it's even getting better. Rating: 8.5/10"
,Recommended,238430,8594473,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Menphues,"The game is decent and still obviously needs way more content.As it stands right now, the way it is going is good.Graphics: The graphics are nicely done and better than most game graphics.Audio: The audio is alright with some guns sounding weird, with even the foot sounds weird but it's fine to get over.Controls: The character control is decent just moving sometimes feels little off and kinda weird when moving around.There are some great features in the game like when you die you become a zombie to attack people... You must manually reload your gun when it runs out (No auto reload) there are a few more.The game is good fun and I have given away a few copies of this game because it is good, just it is a little hard to learn because the phone is the only way of telling you about what to do and where to go, and even then it is vague.The co-op is what makes the game, if you can get a game with your friends and if you complete a mission it restarts and nothing is the same thing.  Things change around, your route is altered so that is good thing.Things are never in the same location and some might be but others not so each time the game makes you search and look because it changes.Anyway a good game and worth buying and playing."
76561198056812703,Not Recommended,238430,10035542,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Franz_von_Stryker,"This game is straight up just horrible. First off the game is early access so that right there is a turn off. Even after that its just stupid considering its been 6 months since ive bought it and 0 maps have been added, the guns are all the same (no new additions) and the graphics and gun mechanics are definitely not much better than Zombie Panic Source which is the free earlier version of this game and is still playable for multiplayer. Stick to the classic Zombie Panic Source and zombie games like Killing floor and Left 4 Dead, this game is♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,238430,29038380,Posted: 5 January,all,Red Dragon Emperor,I really wanted to like this game but I unfortunatley cant say that I do. I appreciate a good zombie game but this just isnt one of those. Not Reccomended.
76561198048906578,Not Recommended,238430,18211631,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Beaver Weaver,"A great zombie game that has potential. Loved it for months played the same maps. Awesome fun.....However I would say that since I bought it I have been waiting for aggggeeessss for some new maps aside from the 4 or so that are on the game. Very unhappy with the progress. It wouldnt take much to release a some maps for the game.The fan base have tried to make decent maps and done well. However are limited. Very disappointed that the developer hasnt pulled finger with this one. Its as if he has just released it and left it, which is totally different for other games on steam that are always updating or getting better.I dont think there is going to be any new maps anytime soon and as a result ive lost interest in this game. Would only reccomend if the game had more maps 10+ maps would be a start."
,Recommended,238430,13603082,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Totoro,Oyunu şimdilik iki saat oynadım. Gerçi böyle oyunlar için iki saat yeterli görüş bildirmek için. Zombie panic oyunun grafiklerini güzelleştirib onumuzu sunmuşlar. Güzel olmuşmu ? olmuş. 31 tl ye değer mi ? Hayir..Kesinlikle 31 tl ye oyunu almayın. Zira paranız boşa gitmiş olur. İndirimle 15 yada 7.5 inince alırsınız. Serverlerde yeteri kadar adam var o yönden sıkıntı yokta arkadaş her oyunda illa ibne herifler olucak. Cs nın içine etdi veletler ordan gittim başka oyunlarda da varmış la. Zombilerle savaşıyoruz adam geliyor silahı bana sıkıyor. Lan napıyorsun diyorum. Hayatta kalmak için yapiyorum diyor pezevenk. Yani böyle ibnelere rastlamasanız oyun güzel ve zor bir oyun..
,Recommended,238430,13312278,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,TL,"Have you ever wanted to play a serious hardcore survival horror game online with your friends? Well, you've found Contagion.Contagion is a survival horror game with zombie virus as theme, and has online multiplayer support, both co-op against the AI and playing against human zombies. Different modes for different gameplays. You can escape a building full of infected zombies and scarce resource, cross a city looking for a safe place, escort civilians out of a small town or even go crazy and play with your friends as humans and zombies. If you are looking for multiple gameplays, I'm happy to tell you the items and the scenario changes, forcing you to handle different threats and unexpected situations. The game really has this aura that brings you into the survival mood. It makes you want to save ammo, to stick together with your friends, to work as a team.I recommend Contagion. It has a lot the features and the atmosphere of a survival horror, and brings the best of your solo or co-op play. Its only downside is the need of more maps. Most particularly for the ""Escape"" game mode."
76561198087163474,Not Recommended,238430,18429632,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Pixoul,This game is dead.
,Not Recommended,238430,13010492,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,DaveFace <3,"There are so many interesting concepts to Contaigon that it's hard to imagine how they made the game so un-enjoyable to play. From the shakey graphics, to the horrible weapon control, and most unforgivably: the lack of any direction to the gamemodes, make this a chore.The only enjoyment I had was on the missions where you have to rescue survivors. In that game mode, the game actually tells you where to go (rather than dropping you in a poorly designed, random, confusing maze) - and there is a nice element of survival boarding up windows and such. But there's only 2 maps for this mode, and the AI you have to save are dumb as a brick.Worth a punt in a sale, but certainly doesn't justify the £15 price tag."
,Recommended,238430,7849379,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,♠,scary as hell...you will not survive on your own!
76561198078103566,Recommended,238430,10252982,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Takashi Katsuma,"Tired of left for dead and unrealistic zombie games while wishing for realistic ones?? Contagion is a game where survival is earned not pwning ""mutated"" zombies, Because there are no mutated zombies just plain zombies and it's realistic not over-powered where an legendary gunslinger's skill is needed to even dare to try this alone and not for those weak at heart missions are to find a way out while not getting infected or make sure your team mates survives i give 9/10 rate for awesome realisme and no free-roam"
,Not Recommended,238430,10710247,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Peter Wiggin,"I'd just like to toss in my two cents, and a hearty concurrence to the review by CunningFox.First of all, the biggest death to this game from my seasoned experience of survival gaming, is definitely the mobility. If you want to make your characters move slow for the sake of difficulty, then you need to base the entire game's format, map layouts, and zombie AI around that. Not have slow straight walking-across-open-spaces, zombies, massive spanning maps with terrible layouts, and little nooks and cranny's that are your actual necessary route, but hidden in a dark corner alleyway. You could pretty easily just melee your way through the entire map with the difficulty of the zombie pathing and behavior, so it's not like making the objectives and map routes hard to find is interesting or difficult, it's just extremely tedious. And then once you learn the route through the maps, the game becomes incredibly simple. It's just a lottery of whether humans become zombies from source external of the actual zombies attacking you; Such as joining late, or willfully being suicidal/EXTREMELY BAD AT GAMES. I mean, the first time me and my friends played escape on that city level, we actually wandered around virtually ignoring the zombies for a good 40 minutes, because the maps are just so circular fenced off in stupid places, with little hidden pathways to circumvent the randomly locked and unlocked doors.This is also so far away from realism and immersion that it becomes implausible to consider scaring or thrilling the player, and yet the genre is horror survival. Rofl. Fence gates you can't climb over, zombies that are about as threatening as counterstrike bots who aren't allowed to have guns, and the mappers in all their aesthetic glory, can't actually map at all. There's no culling, there's invisible walls everywhere because they can't design well, and random piles of debree that look like a nice one way ramp, are actually walls to prevent any access (To the other side, which is also part of the map, but you'll have to walk a big circlejerk circle around the map to get there) I can understand having restricted pathways to get to certain areas in order to make a linear pathway to a final objective, but this is definitely not how you do it. And again about the culling, that is some really terrible mapping. I go from 200fps looking in the direction of the outwards edge of the map, to 30 looking inwards. This is ♥♥♥♥ing source engine, you can take literally 3minutes to learn how to occlusively cull geometry and props, on youtube. Look up 3kliksphilip. This was a terribly impulse purchase in hopes of reigniting the days I loved on L4D in a new experience. Such good prospect, such a broken game. I was praying it was in beta or alpha stages when I closed the game and came back to the store page, because I didn't really look at anything when it was 5$Edit: Also and checking more reviews, I just had a giggle that there's two people who downvote every single negative review, for hundreds of reviews so far."
76561197996304247,Recommended,238430,11941629,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Tamale Sempai,"Really fun to get headshots in this game, seeing as how it's a zombie based one they sure as hell got that down. Pretty fun, hope the Lake map will come out soon (if at all). c:"
,Recommended,238430,11942033,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,SOUL EATER,"This game is really great, it challenges your sense of teamwork and can get really tense at times. The levels suffle different paths and weapon placements each game (This game could use some extra weapon and items scattered around)The downside i see is the zombie gameplay. Playing as a zombie is really boring and quite under powered. Most players turn around often so it make it difficult to sneak up on some players and most users that turn into a zombie just remain afk until the game ends. And the ability to command AI zombies seems pointless to me.Still a great game, worth the buy."
,Recommended,238430,11943738,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Radical Astronautical,"Fantastic game, 9/10! Lovely gun sounds, good melee feelings and finally a zombie game where you have to take time to aim for the head! I may not have played much, but what I have played was enough. Lovely multiplayer too, a bit of DayZ with all the people shooting at you, and a bit of L4D, with all the people shooting for you. Fantastic game.9/10, would play again...for hours...and hours...and hours....."
,Recommended,238430,8527201,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,♥ FLooFY ♥,buy it!
76561197980498293,Recommended,238430,10537746,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,'MC' Gizmo,"game is great. in my opinion so under-rated , game gets contantly updates and the devs are active on this forums."
,Recommended,238430,13679034,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Angel,"This isn't your typical zombie shooter. This is a round by round zombie survival game that you collect wepons and bullets as you go through the level. It realy takes you into the game, makes you feel like your there with the other survivors. Although when you die and become a zombie and gather all the zombies possible and hide them in a room so the survivors can win it kinda ruins the experience. I defently recommend this game!"
,Recommended,238430,19944797,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,|XNG| Chunkey :D,"I have had Contagion since it was EA.I know I don't play it much, but this game is very well put together. I enjoy it, and It's the only zombie game I can play by myself without getting bored. No doubt about it, I think you should buy this game. The price is amazing."
,Recommended,238430,19970620,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Vellapanti,"This game is okay, having many server to play online but players are less to play with. At first, you dont have an idea what to do and where to go. This game looks like the mixture of left for dead and no more room for hell. Save ammo as you will rearely gonna find it specially if you are playing with many players. This game has a potential to make something good but failed to achieve it. Don't buy this game without sale as you will regret it"
,Recommended,238430,8582000,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Hybrid,"If you're looking for an authentic feeling of post-apocalyptic survival, this is it! This game plays like a slower-paced version of Left 4 Dead, and that's not a bad thing."
76561198059489197,Recommended,238430,20435018,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,MIKE [-],this game is so fun i have brought it 5 times... 4 were for other people to play with me
,Recommended,238430,11931133,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Pancake,Contagion reminds me of a more realistic version of Left 4 Dead. The game is very fun and makes me want to play more!
,Recommended,238430,10304931,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Balisticsman,This game has a great horror survival factor to it and is fun to play. I enjoyed the moments I jumped from the zombies horde busting in and running for my life when my mag ran out! A+And a Quick Update Note: I like all the new maps they added and it is horrifying to be hunted by your friends! still a great game and I hope it keeps getting upgrades and use!
76561198026367365,Recommended,238430,10265887,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,DeadHeroSeven,"A fun steam engine game. Basically you are a survivor thrown into a world of zombies. You must scavange and find useful pistols, rifles, shotguns and meele weapons in order to fight the horde of zombies. There are different game modes, some you have to fight other human players while surving and the others are mostly doing team objectives together while fighting zombies. Also when dying, you turn into a zombie. I enjoying playing this game when i feel like a last stand kind of day."
76561198079950340,Recommended,238430,7833330,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Stick Storage,"One of the best zombie games I've played, great gamemodes and lots of fun with friends."
,Recommended,238430,10716423,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,[LOG] Kell,Really fun game to play with friends. all kinds of intense situations and lots of different approaches to your objective. kept me having fun for hours!
76561198082422350,Recommended,238430,8017984,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,The_Trooper,"Awesome graphics and a great atmosphere. It makes you have to work together at times to find things or against each other on hunt. It also has some features which i really enjoy like the randomly spawning weeapons, ammo and objectives, which adds more replayability. You can also become a cockroach which i feel is one of the best features in this game. This definitely doesn't feel like a pre release, so I bet it will be amazing when it comes out in full."
76561198123024379,Recommended,238430,15678193,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Pumble,"Runs beautifully on my computer, which goes to show a good level of technical competence on the peoples who made this game. Gameplay is cool too, you shoot zombies, rescue survivors and do the usual zombie killing gig. Maps are beautiful and really neat, especially the one in the centre of a major city.Sometimes I just play this game to watch how smoothly and effortlessly it runs.Recommended because it is well coded and there's no pay-to-win or such nonsense on the MP side."
76561198024341440,Recommended,238430,7832622,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Bird up!,"I shot a zombie in it, 5 stars."
,Recommended,238430,8241762,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Bond,"Though fun, this game is lonely without friends. WIth friends, it is far less of a struggle to keep key items and everything in oyur inventory at once."
,Recommended,238430,8413630,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Belt™,"I really enjoyed this game, Co-op and pvp modes makes this worth it.Co-op is like traveling through a map and finding weapons, keys and try to proceed. If you lose a teammate, he will turn into a zombie to kick your♥♥♥♥♥ So Teamplay matters.Hunted is the last human survives. Finding weapons on the map and use it to get rid of the others is so much fun. When you die, you turn into a zombie and u can attract a horde with zombies with you to kill the last humans. Its so much fun. Mowahahaa.8/10."
76561198004773044,Recommended,238430,8265058,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,[TLV]SP4C3 V1K1NG,this game is awsome a blend of left 4 dead and something of its own especially for 3 dollars lol
,Recommended,238430,7885617,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Cyphix,"This game is great for the state that it is in. It does have frequent updates, and the devs really do communicate with the player base, and they take constructive criticim. Buy this on sale, or at a normal price, its worth every dime, from what I have played of it."
,Recommended,238430,8238593,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Corky,"The zombie killing genre of game is completely saturated at the moment, but Contagion definately stands it's own ground. It's original, well executed and most of all enjoyable without the tedious aspects you get with other zombie FPS survival games. Considering it's still in it's Beta phase it is definately on it's way to being a very successful and well known game amongst the zombie lovers market. Well worth the money, even when not on sale."
76561198095574968,Recommended,238430,14493620,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,DinkleBurg,"This game... is... GREAT! I mean i'm not scared of zombies, but this game changed that. The best mode is hunted, because it is like day z on a smaller map. (this is only a good thing if you enjoy player on player action) the only thing that makes me scream more then seeing a player controlled zombie roar and get a hoard of ♥♥♥♥♥s to chase me, is seeing that hairy butcher run at me with an axe! Over all great gameplay, great maps, great ambiance, great zombies (if you set aside the zombies that stand in the door way and reach their fist at you) and great weapons! Plus free DLC if you buy like NOW"
,Recommended,238430,20005425,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,xXxPussyHunterxXx,"nice surival game, really realistic. (y)"
76561198065080112,Recommended,238430,11921636,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,FRe4k_SH0w,really good game ! liked it
76561198014853492,Not Recommended,238430,32796452,Posted: 25 June,all,buzzelliteaching,"Scary, but poorly laid out.Better games out there worth your time."
76561197996620027,Recommended,238430,32957081,Posted: 28 June,all,smellydirt,"Interesting game but nothing new, but probably worth it on sale."
76561198028000593,Not Recommended,238430,33012701,Posted: 29 June,all,:D,"Games pretty dead and full of rage quiters, even for the cheap price not worth the buy. Made a huge mistake buying it."
76561198093152064,Recommended,238430,29040795,Posted: 5 January,all,Bitches LOVE Sticks,"The game is good for anyone looking for a classic zombie experience without crazy modifications and is fun to play.Sadly the game is not compatible with linux, I found this out because my windows 7 crashed and I tried playing this on linux."
76561198105366045,Recommended,238430,11217722,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,jeff,for me its really realistic game but i cant play it... because... lags.... :( and i buy it :/
76561198057416678,Recommended,238430,8916560,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Fuzion,"Contagion is a game that is fun and entertaining when you play with friends. There is a few problems that i recommend you fix. The melee weapons in this game need to be more powerful, I know you probably will already be doing this, but please make it where you can sever limbs and have critical hits. The zombie animations are a little buggy, and will dissapear for no reason. I hope you read this a have a nice day."
76561198018038304,Recommended,238430,32825777,Posted: 26 June,all,Wayward Son,For some reason this scares the Sh*t out of me! not an amazing game but i like the zombies and co-op is fun.
76561198043958382,Recommended,238430,8244655,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Thunder Bow 55,"new game in progress, but already good fun"
,Recommended,238430,11914731,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,a really bad time,"I am loving this game. The firing mechanics are spot on (Meaning it is CoD where wherever you aim is dead, however your accuracy depends on what gun you use) and I love the Aesthetics. I played it on a lower res than normal because I thought it did a Dead Douls 2 on me and automatically put the optimum graphics for me, and can't wait to play it on top Res. I even ended up buying a copy for GeneralNoodle1 as I am unsure if he'll be on and then he won't want to buy it cause he is a lazy fahk! But still. This game. 5/5 5* from me"
,Recommended,238430,7810301,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Lulzbringer,"Wow such game, much fun, wow"
76561198066368110,Recommended,238430,11916443,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Titanic Turtle Tumor,"As far as zombie games go, this one is pretty unique. Hunted mode mixes PvP with PvE and forces you to be very tactical and constantly on the edge of your seat. The game itself is a little rough around the edges but they've been updating it pretty frequently which is a good sign. Definitely worth the $5 while it's on sale."
76561198004074144,Recommended,238430,16451646,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Rasodo,i like this game it's fun.
76561198054906626,Recommended,238430,11515865,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,RedArts,"An alright way to spend your time.  I don't know if it should really be worth $20, but it is a nice game.Gameplay:  about like any other first-person-zombie-survival-shooter, so, check.Graphics:  okay, check.Sound: at times terrifying and at other times just down right annoying, check.There are not may different game modes, but that's alright, things will always be changed up so you won't play a map the exact same way after just completing it.  I enjoyed the Co-op mode, but hated the PvP mode (only because I never got a chance, sniper from four or five buildings down the street or a player zombie just infected me while I was looking for some ammunition).(In other words: I suck.)It's an alright game, I enjoyed it.  I wouldn't say it's $20 alright, but if you could get it on sale, I would say go for it!"
76561198204896200,Recommended,238430,19431771,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,TROJENxxmcDANK,after a few hrs laying it can get a little questionable in the hunter gamemode but the game play is awwsome even though i find myself saying wft just happed or that was bull♥♥♥♥♥♥u know rage stuff i keep playing so must be a good game right?
,Recommended,238430,8234999,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Zerobahamut,"This is going to be a great game once all of the bugs are worked out. It has a lot of potential and if you are the type of person who has a key group of friends who play together, the modes in this game are phenominal. I have played this game at lan parties and it was a lot of fun. Definiltey reccomended especially with the current winter sale price. Pick this one up and check it out!"
,Recommended,238430,9192999,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Box Man,"Once the game has updated a bit more it will be an awesome game, at the moment a little glitchy and buggy, but still an awesome game!"
,Recommended,238430,7959869,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,yum,"This game is just great!, I reccomend this to anyone if you wanna relax and kill some zombies!, (maybe not relax, be INTENSE!) the game is early access and you can't expect loads from a Early Access, but this game has loads!, it could use a few more maps, but still, it is a great game. I love this game!,9/10. #sweg"
76561198132298668,Recommended,238430,11929114,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,TheLaughingPineapple,"Awesome zombie experience, I love the in-game glares and scenery. There are so many cool things like the assortment of weapons/supplies, survivor/zombie abilities, and not to mention the nice maps available. There are many other worth while things too, like the multiplayer game modes and unique objectives, but the rest you'll just have to play find out..."
,Recommended,238430,11327029,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Mr.Fishy,I really liked this game. It's a shame the linux and mac ports never came. In the end when it was alive it was really fun. I'd certainly recommend it when played as the developers intented.
76561197970352562,Recommended,238430,8247554,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,SalamaLakim,"As every1 already wrote as of the time of this review (24.12.2013) the game is still in beta. My overall impression is that it is a lot of fun and realy stands out in it's heavy emphasis on ammo conservation and teamplay when compared to other zombie fps's. If you like a bit more realistic shooters when it comes to gunplay (aiming a lot more difficult, iron sight necessary to aim properly etc.) and the general survivor vs. zombies theme, then this game is definitely for you."
76561197986971249,Recommended,238430,11760244,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Jesse Fett The Iron Mandalorian,"I've played a ton of zombie games in my life, like... almost all of them, and for what this game is, it's definitly up there as one of the better ones. Sneaking around the city solo, conserving ammo, those juicey head shots. I had this game on my list for quite some time, glad I decided to install it and give it a shot last night, very satisfied with this game :) I especially love that this has a split screen feature that allows you to use either 2 controllers or the key board and controller, had a blast with my lady!"
,Recommended,238430,14533051,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Feda1Kyn,Pretty nice survivel apocalypse  game!
,Recommended,238430,11927741,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,zeeb,"If I would buy this for the first time I would second guess thanks to all the negative comments here, but this is what I have to say:In the beginning of the release, yes they lacked content and replayability was close to none.Now after a while I saw the game on special sale and I thought ""well now some time has passed, maybe the game is more fun now"".I was actually right, the way this game has improved since the first time I was playing it is huge, lots of more maps, modes etc.It still has it flaws but I trust the developers that they will fix them in time since they come this far already.I recommend this game simply because I now enjoyed playing it.I look forward to future updates and upcoming DLC's.You should definitely buy this game while it is on sale, after all it is quite a fun Zombie Game and as an Zombie Panic! oldschooler I can say that I enjoy this, especially with the new ""Panic"" mode that reflects perfect on the ZP game.7/10I see you in the game!"
76561198102348125,Recommended,238430,11925666,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,käteinen karti,great game!
,Recommended,238430,11962016,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Sad,Fun game!i had a heck of alot fun playing with friends
,Recommended,238430,8473000,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Ginda,"This game is really fun when you play with random players, but it is a hell of a lot more fun when you have at least one friend to play it with, especially the co-op gamemodes. Teamwork is needed in order to do well at this game because there are consequences if you don't work with your team. At some points the game can go from quiet, to all hell breaking loose in just a few seconds. Overall, I highly recommend this game for people who like realistic-ish zombie survival games that aren't really sluggish.9.5/10"
,Recommended,238430,9176043,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Dominant Chris,A decent zombie game with both a co-op mode and a pvp mode
76561198086135757,Recommended,238430,9866356,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Midori Gurin,I LIKE IT
76561198067831836,Not Recommended,238430,19198470,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,[GBG] Kevin,"I really wanted to like this game, I did!Sadly, I cannot run this game properly and when I did get it to run it was not a great experience for me. There were people blatantly using cheat clients, and ontop of that it is very hard to find a server with users playing. I, REALLY wanted this game a while back. But this was like meeting your hero only to find out that they are an ignorant and disgusting person."
76561198024567944,Recommended,238430,7963770,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Wormburner,Fun Times!
,Recommended,238430,15022305,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,phaTT,"The price point is too high, but this game does a great job of recreating the tense, twitchy situations of Zombie Panic. The atmosphere and sound is good at setting the dark tone, and the combat takes a more realistic approach, requiring precise aim and manual reloading. Playing a survivor is fun: scavenging for weapons, barricading a house, avoiding the undead and taking a few of them out silently, then sneaking up on a fellow survivor and executing them for their sniper rifle and vantage point is satisfying. Playing as a zombie is frustrating, but it is about as good as it can be. Player zombies have slightly better manueverability and the ability control the horde.There are three main modes: extraction, escape, and hunted. Hunted is the true gem. It is a PvP game mode where everyone starts off in a random spot with a few supplies, and the only rule is to be the last one left alive. I always try to forge an uneasy alliance with whoever is around me early on, each of us knowing that if things go our way then eventually one of us has to die. Large gunfights attract zombies, and any players who die become a fresh walker ready to head straight back for the camping point they just died at. It can get very tense, especially while hiding in a closet with a revolver pointed at the door while gunshots, broken windows and screams echo around you.Extraction is a co-op mode has you going from house to house and searching for survivors, then fending off waves of zombies as you lead them to safety. It's fun and challenging because each person is limited in what they can carry and do. If a person is barricading they cannot shoot, and it is useless to have a sniper and shotgun at the same time. The AI survivors however, are useless and will die without protection, even with a gun. The maps also last way too long, and most people will not make it to the end.Escape is an objective based co-op mode that isn't really all that enjoyable. As you work your way through various obstacles and puzzles, anyone who dies becomes a zombie. In the beginning it is too easy as there are only a few zombies to deal with. The difficulty either stays that way because everyone works together, or it falls apart because too many people die and overwhelm the survivors. The puzzles are okay but using a smart phone to check objectives and locations of keys isn't really that fun."
,Recommended,238430,9835981,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,pockettrout,This game is really good! Get it!
,Recommended,238430,7857384,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Sazunji,I think it could be a real good game if they do what they have to and listen to the community :D
,Recommended,238430,12719933,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,☢THE☭RED✵TIGER☢,great game i like it because you could kill zombies and your friends
76561198026117250,Not Recommended,238430,25737806,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,SlapAss,"Don't buy this game less you have enough friends to play with, 3~6 would be a good number.The servers are desserted, no one plays this game."
,Recommended,238430,8530990,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Awkward Gordon,"Although this game isn't the most uniqe zombie game, it still gives the players a full head on experience of the zombie apocalypse as it should be.Players are tossed into a would where all zombies are the same as each other, but their vast numbers make it harder to hold them off. Also, ammunition is low and your melee attackes take up stamina (and so do you jump and sprints).This game requires team work and the fact that if you don't stick together - you will die.Anyway, I recommend this game if you are a zombie fan or a FPS fan. Or even if you just like killing zombies and proving that you can survive a game that you hardly can win, because this game... Will test your everything"
76561198031441418,Recommended,238430,8275773,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,zN9neDragoNz,"Wow.... game is awesome. love where its headed. If you like zombies/survival games, you will love this game. Still in beta stage but its still very enjoyable."
,Not Recommended,238430,9373238,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Bob Sandvagene,"I previously had a positive review on this game it was a good game at the time and I enjoyed playing it. Like I said it WAS a good game.... I recently tried playing it again two days ago and it was terrible it wasn't fun, I couldn't find a game with more than 2 people in it, and I can't run it anymore. Which is strange because on my old PC I could still run this game on high... and when I got my new PC almost a year ago I could play this game on max settings with no problem at 50-60 FPS. But the other day when I tried to play I hopped on a solo/lan server and could barely get 20 FPS on low settings, I don't know if there were any game breaking updates or anything like that but I feel like the game isn't playable anymore, and that the community even though it was small before is now non existent. With not being able to find servers with more than two people and the game running like garbage... when it used to run excellently, I'm going to have to re-review it as not recommended."
,Recommended,238430,20413582,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,IceTv,Meh
,Not Recommended,238430,24776323,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Splenchshsk #Road2Silver,Don't get me wrong you can have alot of fun in this game BUT it is full with bugs and glitches. We found nothing gamebreaking so far but it can still ruin your experience.There's alot of good things in this game and it can be quite challenging at times but there's a reason why it is below 100 players average. Sure this game doesn't need a million players it has no large maps and servers that can host large amounts of players but there are certain gamemodes that would be way more fun with a larger amount of players than just with one maybe two friends.If you wan't to play a zombie game like this play no more room in hell which is free and also has a LOT of players compared to Contagion.I can only recommend you to buy Contagion when its on a sale and when you're only looking for a coop game to play with friends not a multiplayer game to play with randos.Sources for player counts:http://steamcharts.com/app/238430http://steamcharts.com/app/224260
76561198044747834,Not Recommended,238430,24772405,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Boodaflow,"Bad netcode. trying to connect to  other friends can take hours to figure out without the knowledge of the ""connect"" command in the console that disabled by default.Lots of random crashes. after finally getting connected. people just crash for whatever reason.Buggy game play. npcs get stuck and can't finish the current mission.It's like they don't want us to play their game after buying it."
76561198043427299,Recommended,238430,8382179,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Gustav,"verry little features and slow updates so far, but looks very promising, game recommended."
,Recommended,238430,11735733,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,SharkDouble07,Little late writing this. If you want something a little close to Left 4 Dead and something a little different than Left 4 Dead. Then this is your game. I'm not sure how many players still play it but it was intresting when it first came out when nobody knew where the items were. Then you could easily get lost not knowing where you are going. Give it a try if you are intrested in it enough.-Shark
76561198074362374,Recommended,238430,9884601,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,starfish912,"This isn't like Left for Dead. Prepare to be frusterated by the difficulty of your tasks. Although I was irritated, it is a visually and functionally great game. Even the beta had great artistic qualities. It also works well from a functionality of controls aspect (although jumping and climbing is limited) and environment. Their locations are creepy and unsettling and you never ever feel safe.Scale of 1-10Gameplay: 7Controls: 7Environment: 8Entertainment: 6Overall: 7"
76561197995984318,Recommended,238430,20393300,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Azazel,"I recommend ""Contagion"" to whoever wants to play a little bit simulative survival game. I love the fact that you need to hit the zombies in their heads to kill them, otherwise you will waste your time. There are lots of weapons like the compound bow or the crossbow (that make me feel like Daryl of TWD), which allow you to regain the same arrow you've shot. I like the type of map where you must cooperate with your team to face hordes of zombies and then escape from a place. There are other type of map, like killing zombies in waves, saving people and guide them to a safe zone (extraction) and others. I really appreciate it."
76561197994891313,Recommended,238430,19300786,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,DeMo,"Suffers from a small community, when you get a game of like minded individuals working together though it becomes extremely enjoyable."
76561198075244168,Recommended,238430,8231807,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Dawg6hrpro,its very fun and awsome
,Recommended,238430,29005409,Posted: 4 January,all,Sparky,Allows me to ♥♥♥♥ about on a phone whilst my friends scream for help
76561198099044030,Recommended,238430,7621060,"Posted: 10 November, 2013",all,Daft Cunt,this game is epic but the first time you play it it is extreamly laggy so leave it a while to load
76561198151374607,Recommended,238430,19539261,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,enclave,can i get it first time
,Recommended,238430,11942986,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Saucy,its pretty kewl
,Recommended,238430,19316037,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Throlex,"The game is not like most zombie games. It feels more realistic and dependent. I'm a fan of the walking dead (If you like TWD get this game now) and I like the fact that shots to the head to the trick. Unlike L4D2 when your just spraying into the body. And when someone gets scratched there screen begins to fade as they can no longer control it and just die as the friends have to put them down as a zombie. This game is pretty awesome with a nice soundtrack, interesting maps and a preferably large variety of weapons to choose from and a strong and high FPS running rate. Game is really worth it I would really recommend trying this out!"
,Not Recommended,238430,34038728,Posted: 5 August,all,Rainn,"This game could be summed up in two words. Dead content, and that isn't a zombie joke.The solo mode is utterly devoid of any kind of fun at all. The online portion pretty much never has anybody online. Even if the game did have a community, it'd leave you wanting to play L4D, as it's generally slow and clunky, a far cry from L4D that it's trying to impersonate.I wish I'd played this as soon as I bought it, as now I'm past the refund period."
,Recommended,238430,8502078,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,pubg is the superior esport,"This game has huuuude potential, ive only played a little bit already love it, it can be so scary and if you have some friends jump on and play this with them! for a game thats only in Beta its extremely worth it and i cant wait to see what they add to this!"
,Recommended,238430,8245803,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Foxxi,"A great experience and very fun. I have a rather poor computer but it ran pretty well after some work. However, early beta is 100% correct. Very fun with friends, actually with friends is recommended. Sadly, I have a VERY hard time by myself. A shame, seeing how easy it was to play singleplayer. While playing, things would not spawn, mainly the keys in the beginning of the Escape level. I would be running between the two security rooms for almost an hour not finding any keys. Seeing how everything is in different places with every game, it felt like the spawns went a little crazy, felt like the whole mission was broken. With Extraction, the game is rather impossible to complete. (for a new player to the game like me) This game seemed like I HAD to play with other people in order for the game to WORK.That being said, the graphics are very impressive and the zombie hit boxes are surprisenly well done. The random spawns are always fun  when first playing, but again, they need to WORK so people may proceed with the mission.  Instead of randomly generating EVERYTHING, maybe keep key items in the same room but in a different area. Seriously, I have to restart an escape mission 3 different times just so I could find the damn KEYS! I'm sure I am just not searching hard enough but I think looking for about an hour enough to say that the items are a little broken when being placed.Very good game, fustratingly hard, broken feel, but stil worth it. Hope you guys fix the bugs for singleplayer so people who like playing alone be able to play instead of punishing them by making them play with others. But again, in Beta so I am hoping they can fix the mistakes and I really like the game."
,Recommended,238430,8616266,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,F0X,"Buggy but fun. This game has a lot of potential to be a nifty zombie survial game but as it stand there are bugs galore. Zombies get stuck on things and freak out, some will come for you even though you haven't moved or made a sound they just magically see you. The most frustrating thing is the PvP aspect, the shots do not land where you shoot (I shot like 2 feet off of target and got a kill), the sniper rifle is atrocious, the sound is extremely lacking. It's near impossible to tell what or who's footsteps you're hearing or something may just run up to you and not make any sound.That being said, so far when I've played this game with a friend it's been a blast. The hunt is my favorite map type so far. The game is still in beta though so I'm hoping most if not all this is fixed."
,Recommended,238430,7545213,"Posted: 1 November, 2013",all,O.Z.[DLR.A],"SO FAR ,PRETTY FUN"
76561198122993987,Recommended,238430,24290773,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Serax9,"The best part about this game is thefact that it has split-screen, but that is quite buggy as when one person dies you can no longer veiw the texts and verticle mode doesn't work, also the second player can only veiw the texts while the first person is veiwing the texts. I would manly recomend this game to people that have friends that come over often or friends that have this game. The graphics are not the best, but I don't expect that much from a $10 still in development game made in the source engine. The game is obviously not perfect and could probably do with a story mode or something of that like."
,Recommended,238430,11941180,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,DnA,"So happy I gave this a punt on the free weekend, fantastic game that plays like the next logical evolution to the Left 4 Dead series. Plenty of maps and game modes coupled with gruling difficulty levels make this a game you can go back to time and time again each with a new and unique experience.Only wish we had discovered it sooner, myself and friends bought two four packs and are having a blast! This has certainly cemented itself as our new go to LAN game!"
,Recommended,238430,11946804,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,HotPissDrinker,This game is fun i spent some time playing it and i am buying it.
,Recommended,238430,11952767,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,igottano,"Um, I don't own Contagion so um, 11/10"
,Recommended,238430,8501114,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Smedrek,"Its not free roam, and its far away from being what it could be, as the fact its in beta. Developers come online drunk and treat users like crap.I will say the concept is nice, and you dont feel overpowered as a zombie but you feel like you can make a difference. I was trying to not let the fact the dev's are jerks get into my recommendationEDIT (Like a year later): I had another run-in with one of the dev's who blatantly said that I blew at the game, which is fine, I could care less, I rarely play it, just still irks me that the devs try to be so ""transparent"" but laugh at player's and use non-professional language."
76561198046674936,Recommended,238430,11791924,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Angingungingu,"Fun game plalying by yourself, even more fun with more people. Sometimes feels a little unresponsive but other then that, not too bad."
,Recommended,238430,11947789,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,MacBubba,Great Zombie game. Reminds me of No Room Left In Hell but a bit more refined.
76561198142429600,Recommended,238430,11948606,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,TheHippoAtYourWindow,"This was a fun trial and I definitely enjoyed this game. Its unique in its own way. In some aspects, it is a typical zombie game. Such as infecting survivors, but it still is special and fun in that way as well 8.5 / 10"
,Recommended,238430,11954249,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,xD34DSTR34Mx,Contagion is what defines the edge of your seat! This is the reason Indie games are the best!
76561198066315487,Recommended,238430,7871176,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,DeMar DeRozan Jr,Great game! Can't wait until its complete!
,Recommended,238430,8239227,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Ing. Droghini,"Good game, at first it's not very easy to understand the game objectives, but if you find a server with some players that can teach you how to play, it's a very enjoyable game."
,Recommended,238430,8257579,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,coma,"This is less of a review & more of something else.I'm new to this game, didn't like ZPS!, but am willing to give this a chance if anyone else other therewould like to organize & play some of this title; heavy emphasis on cooperative teamwork & (coop) communication."
,Recommended,238430,9021096,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,nick on lain,BEST ZOMBIE SURVIVAL GAME EVER!!!!!!!!!!
76561198060856735,Recommended,238430,11941908,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Vutin TradeSkinsFast.com,"i really recomend this game, its amazing. its not like any other zombie games out there but what i can say is that its is very indeed cool. I'm sorry that it is pricy but i stil recommend it for all you zobie lovers out ther! please get this game its awesome!:)"
76561197999419093,Recommended,238430,11952224,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Ѕᴏᴜᴎᴅᴡᴀᴠᴇ™,"Contagion is a fun interesting twist on the zombie survival horror genre. It has multiple modes to play which include Escape, Extraction, Panic, Hunted, etc. In each mode you generally start off as a survivor, though sometimes you do start as a zombie. Your mission: to survive as long as possible. Once you die you get to control a zombie and attack the other survivors. It can be a really fun experience, though at times it can be somewhat boring due in large part to how big the maps are. After playing all the modes I think I like Extraction the best since it has alot of AI zombies along with the player controlled ones. That and the survivors have to hold out at certain locations which makes finding them easy. Oh yeah, and zombies have special abilities unique to them. For $4.99(as of 9/1/14) it's definitely worth it! The developer has already said that ALL future DLC will be free of charge. That's a pretty good deal!"
76561198085133814,Recommended,238430,11951624,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Noxar,It's fun :D
,Recommended,238430,11953981,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,I look like Avril Lavigne,"I think I got this game for $4.99 or something, on sale, and it was worth every penny! At first the game was really laggy for me, but then I changed the video settings to ""very high"" and the game looked awesome and worked fine! It lags a bit from time to time but it does not hinder my performance. Lots of people play this game and most are friendly players, some people do not work well as a team... but that is the way with any cooperative gameplay and especially in a zombie game.A lot of people compare this with Left 4 Dead and a lot say otherwise, truth is Valve was also Left 4 Dead so... YES, in many aspects this game is much like Left 4 Dead. I like the levels, they are pretty big and lots of places to search, hide, snipe, etc. I enjoy most game types for this game... my biggest issue with the game overall is, being a zombie... it SUCKS! Sometimes I am spawned really far away, or in a deadend, or my scent trail runs cold and I can't track the survivors. But it has made me get better at surviving because I don't want to be a dang zombie.There are no ""special"" zombies either which I like, the only thing close to that in this game is the riot police zombie which is slow, dumb, and easy to dodge. I never liked a lot of ""special infected"" like the smoker from L4D is so unreal, or just about any special zombie in Resident Evil. There is a good selection of weapons to weild and I like that you need to find special tools for special tasks. Like you need to find a nail gun then you need to find a wood to board up windows and doorways. Or some doors are locked and you need to find a key, or bolt cutters to clip the chain on doors... pretty frustrating at times though, not finding what you need with a hoard on your tail.I would recommend this game, I have had a lot of fun with it already.Rating  7.5/10+Zombies!+Level design+Weapons & tools-Being a zombie... :{}"
,Recommended,238430,11948249,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Riggs,"Contagion has grown a lot through development into its final release, it has a team of devoted and friendly devs who've commited to the concept whole heartedly.  Though graphically at times it may be lacking it is still capable of producing some great gaming experiences. However what is important is that you play it with friends as that improves the experience massively. Nothing like lying to your friends about being infected and then turning on them!If you were a fan of zombie panic or anything zombie related, this is a no brainer (pun intended aha)Grab a pack while its on special and get in and have some fun with your friends!"
76561198069112009,Recommended,238430,11953559,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,FlyingTurtlesHD,"This Game is so much fun! I have played enough to give you a review and i can honestly say this game is definetly worth picking up, there are a lot of game mode and maps to choose from. Also the matches last about 10 - 45 minutes (depending on the game mode). BUT WAIT IM NOT DONE!! There are a lot of bugs (not too serious but kind of annoying) I would give this game a rating of 8/10"
,Recommended,238430,9369510,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Naut_Aldrin,"Good game, this game has big potentials and this game will be released around April! Its a lot more fun if you play with friends"
76561198092554398,Recommended,238430,8844210,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Tigerblood153,its freaking awsome
,Recommended,238430,11650521,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Skyphox,Got to the top of a building and proceded to run out of ammo after which i jumped off the roof and died while being teabagged by the other survivors. 11/10 best game ever
76561198057859746,Recommended,238430,11946693,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,ItzObli_,Probably one of the best zombie games I've played so far.
,Recommended,238430,9682611,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Bongy,The Graphics and gunplay in this game is great but i cant say much right now as its in earily stages in the game.When i played the game it was very fun playing with a friend and really hooked you into the game as the story progressed as you found more weapons and new places
,Recommended,238430,9863830,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,wh1ter0se,"When the servers are full, this game can be fun. You fight against both zombies AND enemy players. In one game mode, you control a zombie. You can slow-walk like a zombie to try fool your opponent, and as soon as they turn their back you sprint for them and eat them!"
,Recommended,238430,30371228,Posted: 7 March,all,KennyS,This game is dead usually 5 players online 7-3-2017
76561198141877426,Recommended,238430,11930841,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,a yew log,so far I love the demo!! :D
,Recommended,238430,24174633,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Cute Little Lesbian Nazi,gg
,Recommended,238430,17410128,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,ket_hamee,amazing game that works well with allmost any good computer. i have beaten every map/game mode and i still love going back and doing it again. 10/10 keep going strong.
,Recommended,238430,17449007,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,R.I.P Nestor Madrigal,"I love this game! Very unique, fun, addicting!"
76561198064102722,Recommended,238430,21975276,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Zoey Medic,"Just want to say, this game is too fun with friend <3"
76561198003233840,Recommended,238430,8329807,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,GG Alien,"Update:So is this game still recommended? Yes, but barely. Keep your expectations low as Contagion rarely receives updates (if any) now. I would recommend buying ‘Contagion’ on a sale or getting it through a trade.Much of the hype for Contagion has died and fans (players) of the game (like myself) have moved on to better games– so finding players may be a bit of a challenge. This is partially due to the slow release of the DLC “Flatline” and the lack of contents in the finished product.Some improvements the devs should make is an option for PvE (or an option to respawn) in game modes like “Extraction” and “Escape”.––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––An early access review:Superb! Faith restored in indie game devs!This is one of the very few early access games that is worth getting; even at the full price of $14.99. Contagion is very stable and playable even at its early build. I've encountered minimal (to no) problems/errors or bugs so far.The developers are incredibly friendly, responsive and helpful. They take constructive criticisms positively and strive to improve the game.I can't wait for the final release."
76561198006761699,Recommended,238430,11039617,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Daddy Cool,This zombie game is fun and different+Fun Modes+Cool infection effect+Play as a zombie when your dead- ( not easy to invite a friend to a game you started or joined )Recommended.
76561198093815968,Recommended,238430,11267938,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Pickle Goose,cool concept
,Recommended,238430,8700051,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Patches Petunias,Why are you still reading these? Scroll up and buy this game!
,Recommended,238430,11936676,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Tory,"Campers ruin hunted.(my fav mode regardless...only mode I like...alot of carebears play it though and team up against zombies for some reason rofl)Panic/ P classic is full of campers too.(no npc zombies to hoard to help you kill humans..etc)Rest of the modes are alright.Servers are♥♥♥♥♥♥at best, terrible lag most of the time..FPS with lag = really bad experience 99% of the time7.5/10Clunkiness with maps and just in general...needs work etc.But a good game with a great base to do alot of cool things with.So yeah good game, try it out, I bought it =] its 5$ right, totally worth it."
76561198064466707,Recommended,238430,16081470,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,leoka2000,jogo mt bom
76561198063276910,Recommended,238430,7901960,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Buckdawg,GASH.
,Recommended,238430,9303773,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Jotaro,"It's a pretty good game in my opinion, but has some problems. It's not bugged, everything is fixed, updates every month, but it doesn't have unpredictability of some sort. There are only 3 types of game and only 3 maps. It would MUCH better if the developers weren't that 'money sick' and didn't say that the will make other maps only when they'll get 300.000$... but anyway the game is worth the price and you can watch my full review of it IN RUSSIAN by clicking on this link:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6JS3xxFbmwU"
76561198025972608,Recommended,238430,10812374,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,D.,"Similar to Outbreak. Don't get caught with teammates that hog items.Awaiting new maps, and modes.Shooting is solid. Way better than killing floor."
,Not Recommended,238430,14682484,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Arcueid Shiki,"I can't play the game for some reason, As I go to the servers it just freezes..."
76561198013884217,Recommended,238430,17360818,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,DOGE,♥♥♥♥ YOU
76561198069875915,Recommended,238430,20564835,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Wolfie Talkie,"this game to me feels like a combination of No More Room in Hell and Unturned, running around shooting and bashing zombies in a random map in a random game mode, seraching for gear to survive. it's a good game"
76561198001323465,Not Recommended,238430,31729438,Posted: 13 May,all,Enzo,garbage early access game. stop feeding these guys money
,Not Recommended,238430,15552470,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Orson Krennic,feels a little shallow
,Recommended,238430,10143639,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Serenity,"This game was alot of fun, unfortunately they need more content. I think i played this game within a couple hours, then i challenged myself to see how fast i could beat it. But i still recommend this game to those who dont mind a short game. :)"
,Recommended,238430,11338941,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,"Bernie ""Feel The Bern"" Sanders",Hiding in Bathrooms is the only way to survive in this game. Scary/10
,Recommended,238430,17168552,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Dovahkiin1515,"A really good game ^^Only headshot counts to take down a Zed and when you die as Human, you return as Zed.The only bad / sad thing about this game is that there is no key to suicide (like in No More Room In Hell) and there is no baby / children Zed .... sadly :'(But hey, the game itself is just awesome !"
76561198049019100,Recommended,238430,32303640,Posted: 9 June,all,Angel,"I really like this game, it's a bit different."
76561198138431889,Recommended,238430,16493277,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Bomberman9910,this is a fun game to pass free time with.
,Recommended,238430,16503727,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Bl4ck|M4n,It's a entertained game if you want a little suspence before you sleep and it's more realistic than a lot of zombie videogames.8/10
76561197992112271,Recommended,238430,16138551,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Angry,. . .Eh.
76561197992246194,Recommended,238430,18041562,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,panther3007,I liked it. Very left-4-dead ish except when you die you don't wait until your team mates find you (and you can join back in) instead you become a zombie and hunt down the others. As of sept 2015 there's 20 players on each night (4-8 per game) and one dedicated Australian server. Not bad for the cheap entry price.
76561198093284143,Recommended,238430,32423195,Posted: 14 June,all,Kotomi_TH,Very Good !!!
,Recommended,238430,19395830,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,oneM,"It is a very fun game with an intent of realism that makes it a great experience.  All gamemodes are fun, but I wish you could turn off your smartphone.  in hunted, buzzing can attract zombies/ other players"
76561198068295613,Recommended,238430,20628885,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Brute,"People that have reviewed this game as a negative haven't really given this game much of a chance, I recently bought this game on sale and the money was totally worth it, the community is not really Populated but the recent decrease in price from 20$ to 10$ has really like put people in it and I literally met like alot of people today that said we just bought the game, cuz the dev's just lowered the prices, anyway you'll have fun with this one believe me. :)"
,Recommended,238430,7948988,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Rayden☆✪,"This game is decent, even tho it's still in beta stage I hope this game can become alot better by release. Basicly it's a L4D2 game but with less ammo, less zombies, more survival and there is ""game modes"" in which there is objectives or just plain survive versus other humans. If you die , you become a zombie to try to stop them. Good multiplayer idea and decent game so far in beta stage. Hope this game can become better, because right now it's kinda simple and dull. It should have however great potential if you can invite your friends over, and you protect a house or fort or something, while a ""horde"" or wave of zombies try to kill you.Ps. The only scary thing about this game is the humans with mics who sound like frickin ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ while they speak in a language or attempt to speak english.My score: 6.5 out of 10."
,Recommended,238430,10780146,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Haunting,"Contagion is a standalone zombie survival/campeign/PvP/cooperative game run on the Source Engine. Created by the developers of Zombie Panic: Source, aswell as being inspired by it, the game really stands out apon high quality graphics, gore level L4D2, and it's confusing, long lasting objective campeigns.Zombie Panic: SourceZP:S was my favorite mod for some time. I loved the ambient environment the developers gave to the maps. I enjoyed the concept of NEVER waiting after death, and you get to return as a zombie to infect the unsuspecting,almosthelpless humans. The objectives it gave to the map were not confusing like in Contagion.Objective based gameplayThe ""Escape"" gamemode is rather confusing and really long, I do like long objective based campeigns, but I find it repetitive when the campeigns get you lost all the time. The maps are randomised, so they are incredibly confusing. I, aswell as many other people have been lost countless times looking for a button to open a door.Gore, & GraphicsThe gore and graphics are astounding. It's what peaks my eye, it looks fascinating for the Source Engine. This and, 'No More Room in Hell' (another Source mod) are the top 2 for graphically awesome Source games/mods I've ever seen. (This one is number 1).Contagion still seems incomplete in only some areas, which may be fixed by frequent game updates. If there's anything I can recommend for the game, I recommend adding some maps from Zombie Panic: Source, remastering and implementing them in the game, I think that would be an awesome expirience for the people that have played the mod in the past.98.6/100"
,Recommended,238430,12156700,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,bob,the zombie are contagiouns :O
76561197983153729,Recommended,238430,7849925,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Mayo,Very good zombie game :) I recommend it ^^
,Recommended,238430,7491216,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,PuddleJumper,Good ideas for a zombie game recommend
76561198028392027,Not Recommended,238430,11914063,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Robzilla,"This game only has three medium sized playable maps. They claim the maps are different every time, but i never really noticed anything different.In my opinion, Its not fair to call this a finished game. If you'r game isnt a MOBA, then it should have more than 3 maps on ""release""."
,Recommended,238430,7881191,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Dirty0ldteddy,Much zombieSuch funWow
,Recommended,238430,8250057,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Sicky Nyanpasu,ok ok la
76561198127241626,Recommended,238430,11629959,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,TotallyNotPizza,It reminds me of spongebob
,Recommended,238430,14086098,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,RangRang,It's dank!
,Recommended,238430,7870702,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,*Exentry,"Allez venez faire une partie ! Une beta sympa dans le même genre que L4D, mais moins arcade, ce jeu a un avenir prometeur s'il est bien suivi :)"
,Recommended,238430,12029840,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,CrimZone,"This game will tests your skills to survive, ammunition scarce and headshots are key.- Excellent atmosphere.- Atmospheric Soundtrack.- Many weapons.- Horror at every step.If you want to feel the real thrill of being a survivor and being in an apocalyptic world full of zombies, you must have this game in your collection.10 / 10"
,Recommended,238430,21511537,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,ltfrank,"despite what the reviews say about it being unfinished, i think for the price who really cares......a few little bugs nothing game breaking to me anyway."
76561198187746586,Recommended,238430,17512589,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,XxysoloosexX,"i know the hours dont't do justice, but this is what i was looking for as a zombie game. After reading some of the review sad to see people leave such a good game, yes the dev can do some more stuff but they also need support too. 10/10"
,Recommended,238430,18767593,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Ninja Tuяtle,HONESTLY BEST ZOMBIE GAME I EVER PLAYED IN MY LIFE AND I RUN IT AT MINIMAL AND LIKE 20 FPS SOMETIMES just aim for the head bro. I PREFER PLAYING SOLO team mates are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s in this game usually.Its not very steam friendly but its awesome and you can use the workshop like a crazy man so customizing your game is cool. best map ever is highschool of zed never played it multiplayer.
76561198047306736,Recommended,238430,20663391,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,greenbean,"A very fun game, there are lots of servers you can play on and alot of game modes. I give it an overall of 9/10"
76561197989644440,Recommended,238430,14471994,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Bellyfish,"This is a surprisingly great game.  It plays well and feels very realistic.  There's not much like getting together with some friends late at night and playing through a zombie infested bio-med company.  There is lots of room for new content down the road as well.  Since it's based on the Source engine, it's very smooth and has very few bugs.  All around, a really fun game!"
76561198132785075,Recommended,238430,14488292,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,grubkiller23,if you like zombie games you will most likely love this game. however if you have'int played zombie games before i would seggest getting a cheaper one.
,Recommended,238430,14517591,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,sjcbcolby,"Contagion is a zombie survival game with a number of game mode focused on online play. In the game you can either play as a zombie or as a person when playing pvp which is fun to play both sides. As the person you can do your basic FPS mechanics and as a zombie you are the normal zombie exept you have a small speed boost and you can call a horde to your side from any zombies near to you. Theres also an extraction game mode where you have to try to save civilians without letting anyone die. There are more game modes to suchas one that can act like a story guiding you through a map. I personally found myself playing a pvp all alone just for the fun of blasting zombies away without worry of someone else trying to kill me.When it comes to inventory, you have 4 weapon slots and you can carry so much ammo it's not a worry, but that leads me into the next thing, getting ammo and supplies.You start off every match witha random melee wapon and a pistol of some sort. From there, you must scavenge. You must break into peoples houses, movie theaters, malls, really anywhere and search high and low for things (don't worry about how the locals feel about this, they've already been infected). You can find anything from med kits to nail guns to wooden planks to assault rifles to varrying types of ammo to an occasional greanade (just try not to blow yourself up). This is a game where your shots count though and you shouldn't fire until you know it's going to be a head shot. A zombie can take a very large sum of bullets to the body or a single shot to the head.Contagion did do a nive job with the models and what they look like when they take damage for the bodies. When you put a round in an undead's head, you can see a large exit would on the other side. If you blast their leg with a shot gun, it may come right off. If you hammer away at their chest, you may leave a nice cavity there. The point is, you can blast an enemy to smitherines and you'll be able to tell.In the game you can also make a 'home base' type area such as when you're in the suburban map. The game provides nail guns and planks of wood if you look around to help secure an area. You can make this place a stock pile, a temporary place to just sit for a minute, or simply slow the zombies down for a few seconds while you run for your life out the back door.Contagion also has large maps, especially the city one which I think is something like 9 full sized blocks (also if you look enough, this is the one game to put a gun store in it if you need a couple extra rounds. *wink wink, nudge nudge*) This is great when needing to run from another player or when you just feel like exploring.The graphics in the game are good... but only at night. I've noticed that durring the daytime nothing looks as good as it could be, and though that may just be a time/budget thing to make it look good, just try not to look too closely at textures in the sunlight. When it comes to night time it does look very pleasing to the eye with their lighting engine and the reflections in everything. You can see this which helps to show off what it can do and with the lack of sunlight makes it so you don't focus on any below-par textures.Lastly for what I have to say about the looks of the enviroment is rain. Just rain. It looks very nice compared to many other games I have played especially with the lighting engine to help show it off. You can see small ripples if you look close enough to where a rain drop has landed and little things like that.Finally, I would just like to point out the sound. They did a great job with the sound like when you step on a piece of fallen fence you can hear it shake, of when you step on broken glass and hear it crack. My point is, it sounds nice.The good--Great lighting engine (if anything it's a tad too bright with the flashlight, but that's fairly small depending on where you are-Zombies look great when heavily damaged-Nice sound-big maps-good, serious atmosphere-if you look close enough, most of the little extra stuff like books do actually have titles and such.The bad--player zombies feel a bit underpowered (but thats probably to help balence)-map size can make multiplayer difficult-revolves anound the same mechanics most of the time, it's more just who you're shooting at.The ugly--It may just be me but I've noticed a case of ""fuzzy screen"" when playing this that usually doesn't happen with other games-don't look at textures to close in the day timeRating: 7.5-8/10If you catch it for under $5 on a steam sale I definatelty reccomend, it's a fun game but some will like it more than others."
76561198128202069,Recommended,238430,14469317,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,nate014,"I love to play this game with frinds, I never get old of this game. But can there be more maps made?"
,Recommended,238430,8257043,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,♛MIGU31 NTC :],very cool game recommend it
,Recommended,238430,9134004,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Sparah,this game is amazing even though there is small variety of maps and modes they are adding more and when the game gets a lot better they probably will make the price higher so i would get it now
76561197977113437,Recommended,238430,11092587,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Tigger,"I played this game ALOT during the beta - im a big zombie fan, so im pretty bias but....i love it!While i mainly play co-op (escape) mode, i find all game modes very entertaining - fun as a human, hilarious as a zombie.While it does take a little bit of time to learn maps and mechanics, the pay off is worth it. Your either a zombie survival pro...or a particularly clever zombie (it never gets old dodging bullets and biting someones face off!)All in all, if you like FPS's (particularly co-op in my opinion) you will like this game, if your a zombie fan like me - you'll love it!As of summer 2014, the multiplayer community is alive and kicking, and new maps are released now and again.Considering the hours of fun i have got out of this game, its well worth the £15 - and now it has a ""panic"" mode like the original mod, it just keeps getting better! Buy it...buy it now!! =)"
76561198121149740,Recommended,238430,24544878,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Broinihere,the fps
,Recommended,238430,18850908,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Harusu,The mechanics of Zombie Panic finetuned and modernized plus the PvP of H1Z1 come together in yet another zombie fps masterpiece.
,Recommended,238430,18854473,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Joshuaiscool125,VERY FUN!!!
76561198031277200,Not Recommended,238430,22288166,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,BanzaiBob,"Awful! Boring. Fish-eye view perspective. No other players. Oh, and boring, still. ZZZzzzz...."
,Recommended,238430,11936887,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Zindar,"This game is well worth the money, I was also surprised to see spit-screen as well. You never see games with anymore especially PC games."
76561198090936308,Recommended,238430,11928808,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,ⒻⓊⒸⓀ ⓎⓄⓊ.,great game
,Recommended,238430,11942765,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,My name naruto fourth mizukage,"First time playing i played with my friend.We camped out in a house shooting zombies who came near,then he suddenly shot me in the face. So i came back with an army of zombiesand bit his face off.10/10"
,Recommended,238430,9806449,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,TiGGaZ,"Contagion is a very interesting indie project, that started with a good idea but with a lot of bugs and aspects that made the game not so appealing but now that the early development is over and the full release has happened, the game had a drastic change in all aspects of the game.Its now a very good title if you want to have fun with your friends and kill some zombies in the process, the missions are good and entertaining but the best part about the team is cooperation that it demands in order to succeed in the game.I fully recommend the game, specially because the dev team seems to be very dedicated, so you can expect new exciting content to be released in the coming months."
76561198031489146,Recommended,238430,9701735,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Brother Blue,"I have been looking for a more realistic zombie survival game for a while. I really liked the Left 4 Dead series, but it lacked the intensity from the first playthrough onward. Contagion offered me the Walking Dead like game I was looking for to fill that void. Playing the Escape mode with friends it is an intense and highly satisfiying experience. Can't wait where it will go from here."
,Recommended,238430,9795163,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Rush Sykes,"Having been playing since the Early Access, and i'd like to say that this is a very great game. I've always imagined about such a zombie game, you know, contagion has a more interactive and realistic environment. If there's a map editor i'm gonna make my living areas into a map."
76561198029995283,Recommended,238430,10941271,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,BATMAN,fun
,Recommended,238430,10944555,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Willy Cage,"This game is a standard graphics zombie game, that is strongly based on team work in most game modes. The best part about it  is that the map changes, everything in the map randomizes so you are not playing the same game every time. The guns are in different places, and you can escape in various ways."
76561198017182331,Recommended,238430,11047264,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,EZPZ Suck My Weenie,"Lots of fun when having a mic , also developers are very great , and do the best they can . You can always expect updates aswel.They realy add cool features like ZPS gameplay mod , and splitscreen .. Still they might need to fix things but the DEVS realy do their job and are realy listening to what you post on their FAQ.. The only thing is that the SDK wont work for me , but by most people it's no problem by folowing the guide ."
,Recommended,238430,11061157,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Penny,Fun for the whole family!
,Recommended,238430,11121747,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Moook,"This game sets itself apart from the other zombie shooters by not being an arcade ♥♥♥♥ up. This game focuses on realistic mechanics and slower gameplay. The only bad thing I can say about this game is that it only has a couple orgiginal co-op maps. If only the developers of this game would make more awesome maps, I bet this game would receive much deserverd sucess.I myself got this game on a sale. Just because of the lack of maps I would not pay full price for this game but as a person who likes survival games I am happy that I did not completely pass this game as it is amazing."
,Recommended,238430,11127296,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Bravo7,"An absolutely fantastic zombie game that feels more fun than the others out there, this is a zombie FPS done right. Must buy if you are zombie game lover."
76561197984947616,Recommended,238430,11241480,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,S ☼ N,2 incoming escape maps this month and a revamped melee system.  One of the escape maps will be community made!
,Recommended,238430,10937464,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Rickety Bridge,"Definately one of the better zombie survival games out there, does a real good job of creating a tense atmosphere especially in the PvP Hunted mode. My only real criticism is sometimes the headshots don't really connect but this is not common."
76561198051819148,Recommended,238430,8354114,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Martin Mustycock,"Pretty great game, you just gotta get the hang of it"
,Recommended,238430,15851748,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Vanholdt,"Great co-op zombie game, which will require teamwork."
,Recommended,238430,8559509,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,wooly-back-jack,"loving it in early access, expecting big things from this game, and more playing time :)"
,Recommended,238430,8924502,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,TheMXPRGamer | Moore |,This game is a really good game to play i will list most of the good things bout this game.1. Graphics is amazing2. PvP or co-op3. Realism w/ shooting zombies in the head for them to die4. Can be a zombie5. Gun texture6. Phone for objectives and maps7. Killing ZombieThis is a really good game.
76561198001110101,Recommended,238430,9496326,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Hey Its Danny,"really really bad controller support, but thats my only complaint otherwise an outstanding take on zombie horror games."
,Recommended,238430,9535729,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Andrew,AWESOME GAME GET ITTHE WALKING DEAD
,Recommended,238430,7515482,"Posted: 29 October, 2013",all,Benny,words cant explain how good this game is GET IT OR DIEEEEEE
,Recommended,238430,10580796,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Seize Infinityy,"The game i am recomending is called Contagion. It is a fun pack filled game.There are some bugs though, Like you can walk threw some fences. But the game is great like the is about 6 gamemode to play my Favorite Gamemode is Hunted. Because it is PvP based survival there are weapons placed around the map, U and 5 other player have to kill eachother, With the fact that there are bloodthirsty Zombies walking around. Enough with that there is also 8-9 Charicters to choose from, They also have there own traits like ones good with a sniper, and ones good with a pistol. I can handle the game on my DELL Windows 8.1 AMD A6 Prosseser. so u could probly handle this but i over all rate the game a 8.9/10. And i know what u are thinking the game looks just like No More Room In Hell, But its not It is 4x better than NMRIH, And Guess what when u die in some gamemodes U turn into a Zombie. YEAH A ZOMBIE. So you can go around and kill your friends. I might even buy this game for its full price. I Bought the game For $9.99 and its real price on steam is $14.99. But Overall you should get the game Have Fun. :)"
76561197996691982,Recommended,238430,10666632,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Globalwarfare,"AWESOM,E"
,Recommended,238430,7642331,"Posted: 12 November, 2013",all,Keyboard Disconnected,"Great Game, updating all the time and great if you follow the rule of ""Destroying the brain."" That is the best way to kill a zombie. Worth buying before it gets too expensive."
76561198112221755,Recommended,238430,7885218,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Classique251,"Contagion has great potential or it's final version. The early release beta already has some great features.Gameplay:Graphics  9Sound      7 *Zombie sounds come off as a little cartoonishWeapon Selection  8 (would love to see a few more melee weapons as well as more ammo specific gunsCharator selection  10 ( offers both male and female avis as well as multi race avisKnown glitchesThere are several glitches that have been brought to light as I played the game, There is an avi glitch where you spawn in as a cross laid zombie avi to everyone else but you are still able to fire weapons and intereact with the map as a normal avi would. Somethime the zombies get glitched into corners, railings and some doors allow zombies to walk through them with out them being open or destroyed.Over all great game ca't wit to see what the final product is."
76561198091825287,Recommended,238430,8423933,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,BongSucker,Its awsime game if u want to waste your time killing zombies!!!!!
76561197988504063,Recommended,238430,9600877,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Creeps,"Despite there being glitchiness issues and a limited number of maps, I thoroughly enjoy this game. I just wish more of my friends played it."
,Recommended,238430,10352137,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,CZar,"Great game, multiplayer is very fun. The different maps and game modes make it very well rounded."
76561198032864898,Recommended,238430,10594338,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,POONANYTIM,"Is a really fun game especially when you have a mic and your meet Rick, Carl, and other popular zombie characters. Fun but wish there were more content."
,Recommended,238430,10920340,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,shreddedbullet,"Great co-op zombie survival game. It's challenging and fun, and makes you think twice before you shoot as your ammo is limited and you have to scavenge for weapons and ammo. The zombies are also quite interesting as they aren't your typical weak zombie. You have to aim for the head and get headshots or else these guy's are bullet sponges.There are some minor bugs like zombies glitching out and such, but it isn't enough to really affect gameplay. Contagion is really a very well made and polished game.Overall, Contagion has a nice balance of challenge and fun, and you can survive with a big group of your friends which is awesome.I highly reccomend Contagion. And tell your friends to get it too, as it's more than just 4 player co-op, it's 5/6+, heck I'm sure you can get 12 of your friends in a game."
,Recommended,238430,14073514,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Spiderfork,THIS IS ZOMBIE PANICBUT GOODAND NOT FULL OF WERID ♥♥♥♥ERS
76561198081433007,Recommended,238430,12258161,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,covertgrain43,"This is a great zombie game, although i only played the escape missions it was still a load of fun, i'd recommend this to anyone who loves zombie games"
,Recommended,238430,10835475,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Handle,"Trying to host a game for my buddies doesn't go so well, BUT once you get going, the♥♥♥♥♥♥is on fire, yo.  Great game."
,Recommended,238430,8512783,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Vendelator,"Very fun game! Although there arent many maps or gamemodes at the moment, it feels like this game will achive that feeling or realism that L4D2 was not able to do.So if you want to give these guys a chance i think you should, there is a lot of potential here. BUT, loads of stuff could go wrong as well, should they decide to start holding the players hands like all other developers do."
,Recommended,238430,10505104,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Barrels!,A fun cooperative and PVP zombie game that constantly reminds the player that they are not invincible. One bite or bullet is all that is needed to change the course of the game.
76561197993615336,Recommended,238430,10926498,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,KilledAchilles,"This is a Left 4 Dead-esque game with some big differences.  Once you die, and you probably will die, you respawn as a zombie.  The maps are pretty big and difficult to find the objectives or the other players.  However, it's just different enough of a game to be fun.  There aren't many weapons that I saw, so they could definitely use a retool.  Good enough of a game to check out when on sale."
,Recommended,238430,13341458,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,OC-Marcus,Great game to pick up in sale still not really worth the price when it is not though depending what the free dlc is may change that. But great game lots of fun if only for a few hours at a time :)
76561197967282234,Recommended,238430,12252968,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Eagle,"I like this game. I do want more co-op levels and look forward to them as they are released. When player zombies show up in the game, the entire mood changes. I enjoy the interraction with other players, even when I become infected and turn into a zombie. The entire mood of the game changes dramatically once human players begin turning into zombies, although there is a great feeling when everyone makes it out alive."
,Recommended,238430,12296440,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,VenKazi,me and my friend were debating on buying this game or 7 days to die ultimately we chose this one and while some of the charicters are a bit derpy in my opionion.. having mroe than 1 game mode it nice the co-op is perfect and the game is indepth in reference to a biotech mission with having to wear gasmasks that you could take on and off this game is worth the money. the time spent with a friend or on a multiplayer server is worth it being by your self is fun to but it gets repetative in the sence that well.... its only you so i reccomend this game for gamers that like co-op and zombies!
,Recommended,238430,7857765,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,ThereAreNooNames,♥♥♥♥in best idea for a game evar
76561197999729738,Recommended,238430,9274735,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Zombie,"If you liked Zombie Panic Source, you will also love this! but might get boring after couple of hours, but it all depends really, if you have friends to play with it will boost your experience with 100 %."
,Recommended,238430,10471944,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,"Noodle ""REB"" (лапша)",Good game to touch your self in.
,Recommended,238430,10595006,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,A Good Christian Family,"After playing this game for a long while I have come to the conclusion that it deserves the rep it has, but not completely. Now, don't get me wrong I love the game, it's amazing but it has a huge lack of content. Often when playing the game you feel as if you are just grinding through zombies hoping to land a headshot (if you played on extreme like I did) and its not all that entertaining. Playing with friends is a completely different story though, you have a better feeling for the horror elements it is trying to implement, while having a good time joking around with your buddies. There is a huge variety of characters to play as but as far as I know, there isn't much attatchment and development, that aside they have great paragraph long back stories on each of the playable characters, which is a plus. And if you are a visual jokey, don't worry this game delivers, with next next gen graphics you will sit in wonder watching your machine melt. Overall Contagion is a good game and I give it a 3.5 out of 5"
,Recommended,238430,7841468,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,McMarius11,"Contagion is just like Zombie Source, 1 round takes about 5-10 minutes. and its a very fun game, so buy it play it like it :)and linux support is comming!"
,Recommended,238430,13869795,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,PEENOOTZ,"A very underratted Zombie game, its worth getting if you're really into zombie survival, objective game.it lacks what triple A games have but still a very worthy game that deserves support and possibly a sequel.7/10"
,Recommended,238430,7893085,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Hitman_Acho,"Good game, but either some of the menu options are just placeholders for the final product or the developers were really lazy with their copy paste job, seeing that these menus look exactly like Left 4 deads. Theres an option in menus to to turn subtitles on.... but there are no subtitles in game so why? The gameplay itself is really good, but it doesnt make sense why most of the time you play as a zombie instead of a survivor, because most if not all games you join will have you as one. Also, why do the zombies have stamina? I don't know, but ohwell. One last thing is the lack of content. Theres only 3 maps and 3 modes. At the moment this really isnt an issue because I'm still fairly new to this game, but once I clock more hours into it, I hope there will be more contentto keep me coming back for more. In a survival horror game like this, the game doesnt need to sport dozens and dozens of weapons and this game makes that statement true. Theres enough variety to give players options without over saturating the game with unessecary crap, like 12 different types of ammunition and such. This review may sound like a fairly negative one, but rest assured. I like this game. Just pointing out the faults for anyone who might see them as a concern."
76561198056118066,Recommended,238430,10988869,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,MivwTaupos,"Not Bad, inexpemsive and good:D"
,Not Recommended,238430,30534773,Posted: 15 March,all,Some Random Gamer,"seems like a nice,cool game but i cannot play it ,cause it crashes everytime on the first screen so i just spent $10.00 on nothing waste of my time and money :("
76561198045512170,Recommended,238430,24688485,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Homer Jay Jay Okocha,"It could have been an awesome game. Unfortunately, it has never been finished properly...However, I can STRONGLY recommend the game for its ""hunted"" game mode. This one gives me pretty pretty much adrenalin and a lot of FUN. Because you are being hunted by the zombies and the other players there's always danger plus you think twice about using a gun on zombies because other players then can locate you. Overall, the atmosphere, for me, is quite thrilling, especially when playing a new map!The escape mode is also quite nice but the problem is it needs polishing... (For example voting for server options like ""no more new players are allowed to join"" etc.)Don't really care about the missing community/the empty servers btw. You don't really need other people to play it (especially not if you got one other person to play with via Teamspeak or what ever). Some will join the server after you've joined any way.Overall, if you can get it cheap, get it. It's worth it - especially playing with buddies + microphones!"
,Recommended,238430,16728061,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,good now? gamdom.com,I liked the gamemodes and maps. but it would be nice with some more content like guns and meele weps. but the game itself is realy good. i would give it a 7/10!
,Recommended,238430,24717619,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Erno Cor,Discount L4D-like zombie game that even my slav friends can affordhas a sledgehammerANDa custom phone backroundMine is a watermelon10/BRAAAAAINS
76561198033098464,Not Recommended,238430,17230874,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Muskets,"No replayability, like 4 interesting maps for the 1 co-op mode. This game is great for a one time only play through of the co-op mode 'escape' but other than that it just sucks. Zombies move like they are on a line and move in 45 degree angles. With very annoying voices always saying ""We should be closing these doors behind us!!!!!!!!!!!"" to the bad gamemodes and maps. This game would be better if it was a max $10 because on the only co-op mode there are only like 4 good maps and with no replayability I would rate this game a 4/10. If it was $10 I would maybe give it a 6/10, the price is simply unfair to the consumer for a game with NO replayability. NO REPLAYABILITY!!! NONE! WHAT THE HELL!?"
76561197967730414,Recommended,238430,8265206,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,=HGW= Free Kill,Fun!
,Recommended,238430,10727771,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Muscle Millhouse,"The game as potential however the majority of game modes require coop and single player is a no go for those modes, so unless you're fine with the limited single player experiance or don't mind random players i would recommend finding a friend to play this with you. The game is fun and is quite customisable with steam workshop encorporated. Over all i would recommend this if you take into consideration you may be playing with randoms for a while or if you don't mind limited single player.7/10"
76561198108171704,Recommended,238430,10898926,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,chris.s.clevenger,"I have only play a bit, but it is good so far. I have not gotten turned into a zombie just yet, but I'm aimming for it.10/23/14Ok so I have played the game a bit more... not much more since the last time.. there are bugs and lag and no one plays as far as I can tell.So... If you find this gem and don't mind a bit of rough parts its worth a shot. But I’d look for it on sale. It has no story, no campaign, just random missions that are fun with other players. For solo... look elsewhere.Over all... its a great game with others and if bought cheap.For solo or if your looking for a story... not so good."
76561198122884898,Recommended,238430,10893921,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,the_canadian_S.T.A.L.K.E.R.,i love it
76561198067316542,Recommended,238430,10894147,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,LongDongSilver,Fun game for a few days. It gets very repetitive and stale after some games. Getting into a match where 4 people are playing together is frustrating and difficult to find fun.
,Not Recommended,238430,24272348,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,[SBE]~Jontz | Aposentado~,"The Game Is Great!But alot of things to work in!I got angry at contagion when i bought 4 copies for me and my friends and is inpossible to create a prvate session to play... conclusion = 50$ deadInteresting Gameplay, with good graphs.i wish you could add someones nick above the players head"
,Not Recommended,238430,29535267,Posted: 27 January,all,Andrew O'Dimm,"6 hours in this game, and only 2 hours is actually playing, 1 hours of waiting, and the rest of the hours is just running aimlessly."
76561198016069299,Recommended,238430,29465707,Posted: 24 January,all,(>‿◠)✌Bunny,This game tho 10/10 💯👌
,Recommended,238430,10649464,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Rasori,"A friend of mine told me to get this game awhile back, and when I was checking it out it seemed pretty cool but not amazing. I'm always cautious of early access games because you never know where your money is being spent, or if they're even working on it at all. But I risked it for this game based on the fact that it gave me and my friend something to Co-op for awhile.And I'm so glad that I did, because It's one of the best early access games I've ever played, and absolutely worth the price. I got to play it for most of it's beta, and I've seen it go from a cool little zombie game, to a game on par with L4D2. At it's current state, It's added so much more content to the game since Beta, the Developers have listened to every bug or problem I found while playing (which they'd look into and fix almost immediately) And graphically, it's the best looking game I've ever seen coming from an indie team, even better than most AAA games aswell.You can really feel how much effort they put into this game, from the subtle references of their original game Zombie Panic Source, to the finer details in lighting, textures, ambient noise and overall atmosphere. Also did I mention, you can chop the arms off a zombie, and watch as it attempts to grab you but can't? Yeahhh this game is worth your time"
76561198034420762,Recommended,238430,11906728,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Dogme,"I've been playing Contagion and have given it a go for over an hour and it's been a lot of fun, especially so seeing as it's free for the next couple of days \o/ Looks good and the sound effects are effective. Comes across as Left 4 Dead with more stuff to do other than just shoot zombies. I will play for some more hours until the free period ends and will buy it one day. One thing though, be prepared for one or two people on each server to ♥♥♥♥ you over as soon as they see you! I don't care about the whole being the last player alive thing, because I see it as us against the zombies. Reminds me of the Day Z mod a lot actually. So, I'm recommending you all give this a try, but with reservations."
,Recommended,238430,8554279,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Lange,GOOD:1: Awesome graphics that can run on my pc that has a 2:30 GHZ Processor. That is realy good for my computer.2: Nice blood/gore detail (This is a zombie game requirement) that makes a wound where you shoot them.3: Good Selection of characters and weapons. (Although i would rather create my own character)BAD:1: Lack of maps and zombie types.2: Doesnt give you enough bullets to start off with.3: The zombies are boring to play as once you die.
,Recommended,238430,8321710,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Kaz Miller,"Good game, need coop action and friendship, because if you are alone ... bye bye, zombies' comming to eat youRecommended"
76561198019007958,Recommended,238430,8585241,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,|TG-Irr| Gaunt,"What a great game! It takes zombie survival to the next level! The little things is what makes me love this game. It forces team work, without it you are zombie bait! The best thing is hunting down your team as a zombie after you die to gain revenge for letting you die! Right? Cause it's never your fault when you die!"
,Recommended,238430,9827319,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,ivlr3vil,"New review since the game just released from the Early Access stage. Immediately had to reset to dafault keys and it seems to be an okay game. It's more serious than L4D as the game has no specialized zombies like a tank or witch, just traditional zombies. Players can also play as zombies after dying as a human, so it has a bit of Zombie Panic and No More Room in Hell mixed in together. Considering part of the Zombie Panic team also worked on No More Room in Hell, this game really does resemble a bit of both. The game offers a fair amount of modes, objective mode is fairly complicated and easy to get lost in. Extraction mode I didn't particularly like since you're acting as rescuers. A bit strange of a goal especially when the NPC's follow you around like clueless morons with no survival skills. That's the job of the military usually, to rescue survivors, not you because you're too busy trying to survive on your own. You'd think the NPC survivors would also be trying to save their own hide. So it offers a new gameplay mechanic that Nmrih and Zombie Panic doesn't offer, but it's not the best mechanic either. Cellphone replaces the compass function you'd normally have in Nmrih and unlike Nmrih the players can still play after dying so a bit of Zombie Panic.The good news is the game is less spatially disorientating than what it was in the past, so I give it a thumbs up for improving the camera movements of the game. The zombie running animation with the claws running out furiously could use some work, but aside from that, overall it's a mediocre game. I suggest buying this cheap and not at the full price ($19.99) it is currently at. You can have more fun with the free Zombie Panic and No More Room in Hell mods."
76561198066934030,Recommended,238430,8906432,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,♥ Marionette  ♥,"Though early in development, the game looks promising and even with the lack of content it still brings be back playing almost everyday, well worth the money and will be more worth it when finished :)"
76561198059143618,Recommended,238430,9137991,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Ev'Ruzibij,One of the best zombie survival games what I ever played! It's very good and fun! CO-OP is good and PvP is fun and also good!
76561198009119691,Recommended,238430,9842100,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Holmar95,"I recomend contagion,the game is super,the soundtrack is thrilling,the gameplay is smooth,the walkers are asthonishing"
76561198005266002,Recommended,238430,10031226,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,[189th]Kaiser Hallocker,"Best Trailer ever ;3 Its a Biteing experience , but there not love bites you get and if you do get one that feels hard.... well... you might just be in the trailer , or in the game to be..... unloaded upon.P.s. I Thinck trailer should have Swat and military."
76561198092310305,Recommended,238430,10623603,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,locknloadeire,"This is a great spin on the Zombie games, some good modes, and the sparce ammo makes it all the more interesting. A great co-op game...."
,Recommended,238430,11928733,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Dynamic Nickname,"Animeworkshop/1010$ for game that looks like NoMoreRoomInHell with nice graphics and pvp mode.Also: First Source-engine game, where models hitboxes matches models animations."
,Not Recommended,238430,29093782,Posted: 7 January,all,imfromperu,"Dead game, fun concept with a major flaw though"
,Recommended,238430,32830508,Posted: 26 June,all,A Meme Reborn,How does this game have mixed reviews?This game feels so good:movement - goodshooting - goodgore - goodmultiplayer - goodsoundtrack - goodatmosphere - goodsplit screen - needs fixing though (both players can only use the map and sniper scope simultaniously and it only shows it for player two)
,Recommended,238430,11949687,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Nickolas_The GNAR,i write
,Recommended,238430,8700352,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Woot,♥♥♥♥♥fart McButt Flaps
76561197994531186,Recommended,238430,12308986,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Goat,I'm in two minds about this game but I would still reccomend it. It is enjoyable but just needs a bit of polishing.Having slow moving zombies and relying on headshots gives the game a classic Romero/Walking Dead feeling.
,Recommended,238430,12003783,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,delgolfo?,i reccomend this game who want to play with legos but keep their feet safe
,Recommended,238430,9485530,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Zackhammer,"This is one of the best zombie FPS/Survival games around.Even though it still is currently in early access it has so much potential.Zombie AI is pretty good, abundant ammo if you're playing alone, with others... Not so much.Requires people to work together if they want to survive.I like the old school features such as having to think to play a game, conserving ammunition. The things that have been commonly removed from modern games.A few bugs here and there but being early access one can expect that.Overall fantastic and for $14.99? It's well worth it."
76561198115434438,Recommended,238430,18897764,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Supreme Chancellor,"This is a Really great Game. Its better then No Room in Hell and maybe Left 4 Dead and Left 4 Dead 2, but thats just me. In this game You have to Scavage Ammo and Aid kits and Mission Items for each level. Its Also Better to fight with other players so you have a battle Advantage. All in All There are so very few games like Contagion. Great Work Contagion Team, and Keep it Up!"
,Recommended,238430,23096412,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Hello Klitty,"I have had so much with this game! I've played it LAN with my sister so many times and we just can't stop laughing!If you don't play it LAN though i'm not sure how great this game is. It's really hard to find a good server,and you can't always choose what you want to play unless you buy your own server."
76561198117958818,Not Recommended,238430,13648777,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,alnaham,the game is really nice avery things looks good in it and i realy recommend it.....but if u r a middle eastern u will not be able to play online only if its okay with u to have 1000 ping....thanks
,Recommended,238430,7671528,"Posted: 16 November, 2013",all,NekoJi,"This game is a must, for me, if you love zombie games. It's still in beta and there's a lot more work that will be put into it, I guess. It feels way more realistic than other games I played. The sounds are amazing in this game, too, and sound does affect how nearby zombies react to your presence (as does lightning).I especially like the Escape mode (and I wish they will make more maps of that) though Evacuation is nice too.If you want a more realistic experience where teamwork does matter, buy this game."
93939393939393939,Recommended,238430,32944048,Posted: 28 June,all,κeиłøят♥яυғғ,here a helpful review
76561198332498394,Recommended,238430,26137021,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,BenfromNightOfTheLivingDead,"Its a great game that demonstrates the capabilites of online gaming and allows the player(s) to be as helpfull or unhelpful as possible. This is as real  as social complexities get. I personally enjoy the escape mode, much like ""Aliens Colonial Marines"" in the sence of mission parameters not AI algorithums, and graphics. This mode has helped me demonstrate ""game theory"" as an evolutionary uniqueness between the human species. How Altruistic are we as a species? Games such as this one which places the character in a map trapped full of AI driven Zombies that resemble those from the original George A. Romerio movies can teach you about how you and others can work best together out of a similar predictment."
,Recommended,238430,10950723,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,the juice is loose,"puts me to sleep, i recommend this to people who wanna fall asleep"
,Recommended,238430,11931128,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,OL UGLY BASTARD,U CAN UPDATE UR TWITTERZ AS U KILL ZOMBIES #♥♥♥♥YEAH
76561198115001070,Not Recommended,238430,10848739,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,CptMoorestar,"to be honest i was really looking forward to this game, i didnt realise that it was all just death matches and one off events (multiplayer). I was thinking it was more of an RPG survival horror kind of game (like dayz). the only lucky thing is the fact that i bought it during the summer steam sale, and didnt lose a the full price of the game. to be honest it wasnt even worth the £1.50 odd i paid.If you like random shoot em up matches then this is for you, i just wanted a game with more substance...."
,Not Recommended,238430,15992187,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,wardeagz,"I would've enjoyed this game if the devs could PLEASE fix the clunky zombie animations and hitboxes:The way the do a full climb animation over the smallest obstacle is annoying and really just looks plain silly and cheap. Hitboxes are terrible - aiming dead on the head a few meters away should result in a clean headshot, right? But no, that happens maybe half the time. Yeah the zombies are shambling a lot, but so fast that they dodge bullets from point blank range? I don't think so.And the physics.... just awful, and combined with the poor animations it just looks and feels like an annoyingly bad made B-movie...Graphically, the game looks good enough, but the exaggerated lens flares are just annoying.So yeah, that pretty much sums it up; this game is annoying.It had promise, but was poorly done."
76561198043503245,Not Recommended,238430,15987840,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Soviet,"""Contagion isn't your average Zombie Shooter but instead takes a more realistic and different approach"" 15 shots with a pistol to kill some body, and you find more guns and ammo in the bathroom than any where else. Maybe if  you guys make it more realistic and it doesn't take a thousand rounds to kill someone. Other than this a lot of the modes are great and don't need work and the modding community is awesome. The graphics are pretty and the game rarely lags. Just please fix the combat, and when zombies sometimes (happens a lot) ignore the fact that you shot them in the head and everybody is a walking tank."
76561198053374970,Not Recommended,238430,22620931,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Rose,So far it sucks. Haven't been able to create a room for friends to join. Other players kill you turning you into a zombie when you try to make campaign mode. Looks nothing like the video for the game. Seemed it was an interactive game with decent graphics. Oh and good luck when killing a zombie. Even when you are pointing at their head they don't die. The aim on sights are off or something. Shooting experience is clumsy and innacurate.
,Recommended,238430,10895399,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,ZIGGY5214,Loved the game 10/10 it's a very cool game Lots of shooting too :)
,Recommended,238430,24288191,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,!||,"Played this game for a bit, and I can say it's fun and challenging. Also, damn, that soundtrack adds a lot of creepy feeling into it. Nice job!"
,Not Recommended,238430,9828835,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,MattTheInsane,ZPS with better looking graphics.
,Not Recommended,238430,13634267,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Smitty Werbenjagermanjensen,"L4D + Crafting = ContagionSo you can buy Left 4 Dead, a fully developed game with a solid community/workshop where you can replace melee weapons with The Master Sword and Lightsabers and make characters look like velociraptors...or you can buy Contagion; the neglected foster child of zombie shooter/survival games. Better keep that duct tape."
76561198125672441,Recommended,238430,16972296,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,budgie2014,"You will find many people complaining about this game and its wonky controls but in my opinion the good outweighs the bad.+its very well optimised+i like the idea of using ""movie zombies"" only and not some OP monsters+it has a great atmosphere+fantastic hunter mode where u have to fight off zombies and other players+i like the fact that zombies can inffect you, yet sometimes it take just 1 scratch and another time u may have 10% left and are still not infected. (you start seeing the world grey and sounds get muffeld)+immersive sounds+you can play as either a zombie or a human and if u are killed too many times you get to be a insect.+with workshop-its not open world-the graphics of the zombie faces look like a smooth surface not scars no nothing-the game has crashed 2/2 times since the last patch until i have lost my will to try again.(but i think the devs are working on it)-u will get confused a lot about the mapsbut in the end all the other games similar to this 1 on the market have either got supernatural zombies or they are way to expensive.So long live Contagion."
76561198010651455,Recommended,238430,9538424,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,"Dwarf Fortress Intro Dwarf ""uaa""",10/10 First i was sad but den from da heavens dis masterpiece reunited me with my boo will- smith chan. I can barely CONTAIN my lub of dees grate gaem.
,Recommended,238430,11915003,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,DarkPhaze,"8.1/10Contagion is not one of those original zombie games. This game has added more features than those certain games. The game is worth it even for $5 with its' updates overtime. I don't have much to say about this game, but it has different types of modes to play on. The game is addicting when scavenging for items while playing with a friend. The game can however get boring which tends to make this rating of mine on it, low. It's pretty worth it, hoping to see some kind of adventure with the game."
,Recommended,238430,10455521,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,ZAToM,pvp mode is what dayz wants to be in very focused place and timei like it
76561198120112629,Recommended,238430,12031658,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,spykav00,"I love this game, you should get it10/10"
,Recommended,238430,16827939,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Oliver 'Ava' Meyer,"If you have at least 3 friends to play this with, it's great.If not, then it's rather clunky and, well... impossible.The game IS clunky, but hey - it's great fun.This is not supposed to be an aestethic or a marvel, it's supposed to be fun.And that it is."
,Recommended,238430,12307399,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Scorch,"If you can gather a few friends and play the Hunted game mode, you're going to have a great time!"
,Recommended,238430,8259090,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Pussy Kiss,"Вообщем ""Зараза"" (внимание яндекс переводчик) эта такая смесь ""Оставил4Трупа"" и ""НетБольшеКомнатыВАду"" Играется довольно весело, особенно с друзьями. На удивление, график впечатляет, думал будет хуже, а оказалось почти ""Полебоя 3"".Ну и задания собственно очень очевидные, добиритесь от туда сюда , включите что-то и прочая знакомая нам фигня, по подобным играм вроде самой ужасной игры этого года ""ПоследниеИзНас"" бред сумасшедшего, 10 из 10, господи, лучший мультиплеер года. И вроде все хорошо, но чувствуется что ""Зараза"" это БетаАльфаЗельда, мне вообще в начале написали, мол ваш компьютер не подходит под билд бетты и я испугался, но все работало, поэтому действительно ""Ранний Доступ"" это хорошая вещь , спасибо ""Паровой"" за это :3""Ранне Доступный Вывод"" покупайте, играйте с друзьями, 8.9 из 10 , завышенно , но все же)"
76561198067707932,Not Recommended,238430,11095023,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Mr_PooMore,About as fun as having sex with a porcupine
76561198075754647,Recommended,238430,11975054,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Vortex,DOGE FOUND DIS GAME TO BE VER SCPOOKY I WAS LIKE NUUU WY U DO DIS OBEME SWG 420 BLZ IT. Such Good Much Spook Would want to eat a spoon again pl0x. Der was a tem wen a zomblie was like meow im a kitty fear me roar N i was alll liek oh  no too much spook Lik dis if you cri ery tim
,Not Recommended,238430,14893369,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,AssociatetheMerryMercenary,it used to only need 4 gb ram now it needs 8 gbs ram. Kinda fun if you dont mind the increase of ram required every now and then.
,Recommended,238430,10097174,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,Armypro,"simply amazing game! i bought it in alpha and i am pretty experienced with it and i recommend it 9/10 cause it still needs a bit of updating but it is such a amazing game! just the features and everything i highly reccommend this game to everyone who likes zombies and a good challenge its not that hard but it does serve a little of a challenge best game 9/10 they dev's can still add some more weapons and maybe ""vehicles"" or :D maybe a free roam world with vehicles and stuff 9/10 i really reccommend this game for just about everyone i personally love it and hope you do once again i highly reccommend this game to just about everyone!"
,Recommended,238430,8283919,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Manny,"Really reallu REALLY FUN GAME there is always a objective and u arent timed thats the good thing, i suggest u get this game asap ya'll"
,Recommended,238430,9394950,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Penguin,Clicked C and fell under the map.10/10
,Not Recommended,238430,17652089,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,snuffy7230,"Your much better off getting the game called No More Room in Hell.Its a lot like this, only WAAAAAAY better. It has more weapons, characters, and maps.And if all that werent enough: Its completely free."
,Recommended,238430,19334696,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Shadow Dee,"What makes this Game specialDon't ever compare it with Left4Dead2.You can compare some of the gamemodes and teamplay but overall, Contagion is much more realistic and L4D2 more the oldschool arcade type.Here are some differences:Any different Zombie species?L4D2yeah, loads of with different abilitiesContagionno, only normal and armored policemen, just differs from NPC (no special abilities except crawling) or player controlled (able to crawl, to blend, to build a horde and special vision)How to kill a Zombie?L4D2pump 'em full of leadContagionheadshots are a one-hit-kill and therefore key to survival, because a bodyshot does much less damage, means it takes alot more ammo and ammo is sparseGetting wounded/killed by a zombie means...L4D2wounded...it slows you down, killed...you're dead (unless a teammate helps you up)Contagionwounded...you'll probably turn into one of 'em, killed...you'll turnWhat about the User Interface?L4D2displayed health and inventory of you and your teammates, cursorContagiononly your health, stamina and inventory (teammates displayed by holding tab), no cursor, map and notifications on the phone (equipped by tapping B)How's the weapon handling?L4D2fire arms: no aiming (except sniper rifle) instead there's punching with weapon, melee: chargable punch from upContagionfire arms: aiming for every weapon (punch with weapon by tapping V), melee: chargable punch from up(LMB) and the side(RMB)other differencesother gamemodes like extraction (your team has to escort NPC  survivors) or hide'n'seek with player controlled Zombiesthere's a PvP mode for survivors (last survivor wins)ammo and weapons can be found anywhere, mostly where you least expect itthere's no storylinesome character animations a bit poor but hopefully getting better with the next patchesAs you read, it differs from L4D2.But I can't say that one is better than the other because they're different. I really enjoy playing L4D2 when I'm looking for fast-paced oldschool arcade fps action. But when I'm in the mood for a realistic Zombie-experience, I choose Contagion over all for the time being.ConclusionIt's a realistic Zombiegame where you can also play as a Zombie in any gamemode.I rate it 82/100Also check out the wikiahttp://contagion-game.wikia.com/wiki/Contagion_Game_WikiThank you for reading the whole review.I hope it was helpful for most of you.Feel free to comment if you have a question about the game or the reviewDominik"
,Not Recommended,238430,10963318,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,BEEJ | Drock187,I bought this game for my friend for his birthday. He no longer talks to me and I have heard through the grape vine that he is threatening my family. If you want to make a friend into an enemy... buy them this game as a gift.
,Not Recommended,238430,10962056,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Kyrex,"I was very dissapointed.I can't believe I payed $20 for 4 Maps, barely working mulitplayer, and coop missions that lack any creativity. Call of of Duty games deliever more content for the same price. CALL OF DUTY for crying out loud.I would buy this game for a maxiumum of $5DO NOT BUY AT THE CURRENT PRICE."
76561198082253848,Not Recommended,238430,29856312,Posted: 11 February,all,Flix,"Game sucks. Worst piece of garbage ever, that is all."
76561198006987985,Not Recommended,238430,17921605,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,[SN] BurgsideTiger [UN],"This game is just bad. This review will probably be removed, or I'll be flagged for something by one of the Devs who clearly has issues with me being honest about hating this unfinished game. Just look at the 2001-esk latest trailer. Just plain bad. The game doesnt get any better. Lack of polish. No real gameplay. Horrible zombie mechanic. Its just a stinker. Worst money i have ever spent, and thats saying alot considering i had purchased Advanced Warfare."
,Not Recommended,238430,13751921,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,wickyong,"Not enough guidance given to new players. You are left stranded without knowing what to do, where to go most of the time. Ammo are very limited and you are made to punch zombies sometimes. Gameplay is slow compared to left 4 dead. It gives me a headache too."
76561198003058832,Recommended,238430,9838244,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Rusty Shackleford,"TEN OUT OF TEN.....Is what i would be saying, if:I didn't get auto disconnected from ever server i join: As soon as i get in my camping spot after aobut 3 or 4 rounds i get auto disconnected, its not my internet, I have 5 bars at all times with fios quantum.There was a way for zombies to locate camping survivors: In big maps like that city one with the gas station, its damn near impossible to find them, i like how its realistic, but for a video game i think we need a way to find them.The Good:This is what i said to my friend after i first got this game: Thursday, April 17, 201412:00 AM - Tybalt: dude this game is the scariest zombie game ever made12:00 AM - Tybalt: its amazingIts very true, i was terrified while playing, im in a corner looking at my phone, sending messages, to turn hear a ""buzz buzz"" directly behind me, i turn, a zombie standing over me, i jumped so far out of my chair, i didnt even get a chance to kill him, and i was laughing my♥♥♥♥♥off afterwards, it was an amazing expierence along with many more ive had and hope to have.Overall i give this game: 8/10P.S. i understand you guys want to make it as realistic as possible, but its also a video game, we play them to get away from life and have fun.My Suggestions:I didn't get auto disconnected from ever server i join: This i have no idea, idk if its the server or the game, i myself can live with it, seeing as the game is new and things like this are expected, i hope you are trying to fix it, if i am not the only one experiencing this.There was a way for zombies to locate camping survivors: Simple, maybe make the survivors cough or talk to themselves like in ZPS (have not checked in game if they do that already, if they do just ignore)LONG STORY SHORT: GREAT GAME!!! BUY AND PLAY!!!!"
,Recommended,238430,11918966,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Jacket,super fun
76561198029077053,Not Recommended,238430,22652131,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,CHENG,"worked for awhile, cannot load  library content, tried all the possible fixes i could find, nothing works i give up.i really did enjoy this game but unfortunately the lack of fixes for such an annoying issue just stops me from playing.dont buy this game. dont waste your time."
,Recommended,238430,7498528,"Posted: 27 October, 2013",all,Kubus2k,Detroit Street Simulator 2014
76561198014934350,Not Recommended,238430,10043719,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,Killa©hilla,In current state boring. Waiting for the other Game-Modes to be ready. Ripps of a lot from other games.
,Not Recommended,238430,11174857,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Walter Sobchak,"Just not a fun game.  It seemed to leave Early Access a lot earlier than it should have.  It still feels incomplete and is severely lacking in maps and content.  Only play this with friends, random online matches are a snore fest."
,Not Recommended,238430,14911221,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,catty9,I honestly didn't enjoy itand ultimetly all the zombies just started watching a movie :)
,Not Recommended,238430,12336863,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Recently Deceased,5 out of 10....Game got boring really fast....To me this is a £5 or under game.
76561197998276877,Recommended,238430,11341407,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,{NS}☠Grimm☠™,this game is a fun game when you are playing in a group of friends but when you get noobs in the game it ruins the fun
76561198067897151,Recommended,238430,12730949,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Killerrush,Great graphics and gameplay.7/10
76561198038046971,Recommended,238430,12581247,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Tony [Actual Skeleton],"If you're looking for complete realism, this may not be the game for you, but it comes close. If you want something as realistic as it can get (at least at the time this was written), try No more room in hell, which is free on steam. Anyway, in this game, you play as a survivor of a zombie apocalypse, where zombies are everywhere and ammo is everything but plentiful. Players can play in (Again, in the time this was written, because updates happen) 3 different gamemodes. Hunted places players in a deathmatch-like game, where you are your only friend, and the zombies aren't the only threat. Humans can fight off zombies as well as each other (Which is why I never play hunted). Objective has players meneuvering throughout a map attempting to complete a list of objectives in order to escape the nightmare. And finally, Extraction consists of players going to different locations looking for survivors, and once a group of survivors are located, players have to defend the area for a specific amount of time, after which they are escorted to an extraction point.Players who die will take control of a zombie for the rest of the game (Which is one of the reasons I find it unrealistic), and have some abilities to compensate for their very small amount of heallth (Another reason it's unrealistic). Undead players can call zombies to their aid, and can command them to attack living players, and can let the AI take over to seem like AIs to living players and lower suspicioun.IIt's a tad pricy, but it's good fun, and using a mic is recommended for communicating with your team without stopping and letting a zombie take you out."
76561198096630046,Not Recommended,238430,13634257,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,tatskamies,"Okay, so I think this game does not deserve all the good reviews it has..  I bought this in early access and I enjoyed the game, even though it wasn't ""good"" in my opinion.CONS-The gun gameplay is BAD and the game has the worst rifle scope in history, wich makes it very scary to use since all the zombies in the medium sized maps of this game will come knocking at your door when you shoot even one bullet.-Not many players in multiplayer, which makes it difficult (for me at least) to find a server with good ping.-The zombies lag! This is a major and a common problem in zombie games. I haven't seen a zombie game with zombie hordes where the zombies wouldn't lag, with the exeption of Black Ops zombies. This is not my computers fault since it runs everything quite well.-Too much 3d anaglyph.. At first on early access the amount of it was good and it gave the game a little bit more realistic feel. Now there is just too much of it though. It is ditorting and confusing.PROS+Mods! This game has mods, which can of course make it better by some amount. In the other hand there aren't too many of them, because there aren't that many players either..+Well it has zombies and CO-OP, so if you like those things you will enjoy this game to some extent like I did, even though it is a little unpolished and crappy :PCONCLUSIONThis is Steam, so buy it on sale if you really like co-op zombie games. The game can be enjoyable, but i wouldn't recommend it."
,Recommended,238430,14032200,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,NightMerus,"If you like zombie survival games you'll like this one.You can play coop to scape the infestation like L4D, you can play PvP where you have to scavange for weapons and fight the other players and zombies.I like this game because different from Infestation and DayZ, where you waste hours looking for guns and stuff just to get killed and lose everything, in this game you just find guns really easy and then go PvP, and once there's just one guy left the game is over and will restart. Also, if you die, you can play as zombie.Not the best graphics, but it's a good game 8/10"
76561198018497442,Recommended,238430,8611609,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Silent,"Best zombie game I've played since Land of the Dead. I have waited SO LONG for a normal zombie game. No special infected and such. I got nothing about other zombie games that have special infected, but I prefer normal ones.Fully reccomending for those who want a dose of realism."
76561198087197861,Not Recommended,238430,22528016,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Neo,"This game is finished, but sadly, is DEAD servers lack any players,, and the online gameplay could be alot better, havent played it in a while tho...DONT GET IT."
,Recommended,238430,17993562,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Captain Falcon,"Awesome game! just a little rough, but plenty of Servers, awesome maps, awesome characters, awesome gameplay! 10/10 would recommend again"
76561198209287053,Not Recommended,238430,18495743,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,skullcrusher1517,no one even plays the game
76561197981973115,Recommended,238430,8394438,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,hyoko,"If you even hated L4D series for it's arcade'ish pushing gameplay but wanted a spooky zombie survival game - you just found it. Well... kind of.True what Contagion currently suffers from all common Early Access problems, starting from bugs and broken critical features (like melee combat) and ending with lack of contents. However that may be exactly what currently making this game outstanding and induce euphoria on first use to any survival game enthusiast. I mean if you want a pure survival gem, you probably want Contagion right now - before it will be tainted by all-popular 'balancing' stuff, like special infected and infinity horde collection mode.Just look the negative reviews - people actually complains what they can't shove off bunch of zombies with a 700g handgun swing. Yes, in Contagion you'll die if you failed to determine the right moment to reload when fighting horde. You'll also die if you failed to check what is behind door before opening it... Or to check room for stray zombie before start looting it... Or to plan yourself retreat path before engaging larger hordes. Did i mention that you can simply run out of ammo - depends of how good team survivors are?"
76561198067503821,Not Recommended,238430,9985151,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Conkey212,"I feel so stronly about this game I hope for the day its developers hire me. I would love to make half-baked,glitchy, bugged,fundamentally flawed garbage and sell it for a living. I tried to give this game a chance but it is so utterly and profoundly screwed up I shudder to think how unplayable the early release versions were. Did the zombies just stand there and pee their pants? The suvivors? was there even a map or was it just some dark abysmal purgatory where the players floated about as disembodied spirits crapping on eachothers shoes?You got three modes for your money. Escape, in which you wander about aimlessly looking for keys or a bolt cutter or (after 5 minutes) a reason to not bash yourself in the temple with your mouse. Extraction, in which you use your smartphone to go find grown adults, fight some zombies and walk those armed adults to a fence just so they can NOT climb it to safety. And Hunted mode...basically organized trolling.The only redemption to this game is that you can be a cockroach. I cannot begin to tell you how many times my friends and I were sitting around talking about video games and, forlorned and angry at the world, regretted the fact there was nowhere on the market we could be at the helm of some disgusting insect watching people kill zombies...pay attention Walking Dead there might be a season finale here with this meticuously crafted and fresh perspective on the whole zombie genre.For those of you who like this game and/or lack attention span I'll summarize:♥♥♥♥ this game. Seriously...♥♥♥♥ this game."
,Not Recommended,238430,18067104,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Ruthven78,"hardly anyone on.  i took a break for a year (not sure why it only shows 2.8 hours play time). felt the same as when I left.  controls are clunky, shooting is difficult.  zombie panic source was more fun."
,Not Recommended,238430,18124412,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Hellhamster,Awful
76561198170222343,Recommended,238430,18105463,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Hulk Hogan,the community is kinda dead but it is still fun to play when you do find a big server to play on
76561198094759447,Not Recommended,238430,22804815,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,kalanorvir,awful game
,Recommended,238430,10024558,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Judge Lazar,"I will be to the point. Liked the game the second I loaded in. Been playing escape mostly. This game does well to combine and build upon games like NMRH, L4D2 and even DayZ in hunt mode.Solid game, great for when you wanna play L4D2 but dont wanna deal with D-bags of DayZ, and the 5 year olds in  NMRIH.$Well worth 19.99"
,Recommended,238430,8371613,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,MegaMikeMan,"This game is best described as a Left4Dead with more traditional zombies (slow moving) with 8 players instead of 4. Ammo is not unlimited and headshots are extremely important and infected players turn into zombies. These gamplay differences may seem insignificant, but it can make the game tense and exciting. I thoroughly enjoyed the time I've spent in the game so far and am looking forward to what else Monochrome does with the game. In my opinion this replaces L4D. it deserves your attention if you like multiplayer zombie shooters/survival games."
76561197993810359,Recommended,238430,8187958,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Motorpsycho,Get it! Can't wait for full development!
,Not Recommended,238430,17639329,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Schmuck,"Good idea. Bad implementation. Played for a bit, had a little fun. Lotta grievers. Just redownloaded, wished I hadn't. Could have gone somewhere, but didn't."
,Not Recommended,238430,22705238,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Reaper,"I suggest all of you to dont spend your money on this game, its So boaring game, dont thing that you'll have fun and enjoy gameing cuz it has good Trailers and gameplay videos, this game is Horriable"
76561198074918980,Recommended,238430,29175804,Posted: 10 January,all,NuclearTrinity,The devs DIDN'T abandon the game.  :)It has potential again.
76561198060870160,Not Recommended,238430,22873424,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Mr.Tonguesoff(ChrisHandsome),"No more room in hell is better, plus its free."
,Recommended,238430,10099201,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,The5JewBankers,Contagious.
,Not Recommended,238430,10097634,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,Xextreem,Do not buy this peace of garbage omfg. If i know this is that bad.
76561197972981070,Not Recommended,238430,18152758,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,TheBigNy,"DO NOT buy this game. It's boring, no real missons and the online servers are very limited with few players. When you do find a server to play on the game play is weak. Simply not worth your hard earned dollars."
,Not Recommended,238430,26163306,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Raccoon,The control config of this game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ I even cant get my character move forward properly. No more room in hell is far more better than this game and its free.
76561197989229737,Recommended,238430,18715256,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,♥†€XP€N$IV GRI££†♥,Honestly the best zombie game i have played. Great game mode variety. You can hold up in a neighbourhood and board up walls shoot zombies and get over run. Run around for more amo or go head to head against other players. There are even modes where you escape. Basically zombie panic and no more room in hell except with way more polish and variety.The biggest problem with the game is bad PR with devs being poor at meeting any promises in a timely fashion. If more people played it would be fantastic!!!
,Not Recommended,238430,18112295,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,OniMike,"Really wanted to like this game and the idea was great, but in over a year and nothing new to show for it besides some player made dlc content; Like a gun or flashlight ohhh maybe a new phone wallpaper because we all know we need naked phone wallpaper in Z-POC and 4 new characters (may be 6).Pro'sHeadshots really count!Camara Movement moves with character while running (realism) I like personallyDifferent types of zombies but all natrual (so no mutants and stupid zombies)Con'sLimited weapon spaceCan only carry one melee weapon at time but 3 assualt riflesBoring single player, dead multiplayer and when you get in a server hacker gloreNo story (was hoping for some single player action not just shootem up)No real new content other then lame dlc (no offense to Makers just would like game changing updates not just new weapon or flashlight or Map: New Map = same game different decor nothing NEW)Game is fun for a while but gets very boring as you run around just shooting zombies nothing more to do, on hardest difficulty I survived 2 hours spread out on 2 maps not dieing once.4/10  Get game on sale!"
,Not Recommended,238430,10931990,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,O∀Γ∩⊥,My friend gave me this game for a gift. He is no longer with us.
76561198085479021,Recommended,238430,12851788,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,TyeDyedFox,"Definetly worth the price! Contagion has left the BETA stages and is now a full game. The game is awesome graphically, amazing and detailed sounds! [Incredibly useful for when playing The hunted gamemode] Plenty of fun to be had! with 5 or more game modes theres a lot to do! One of my favorite features is for the Escape game mode which puts you in a situation and you and your team need to cooperate to get out alive. The best part? the mission's objectives are randomized so you don't always play the same thing over and over again. Contagion Currently has 6 maps to choose from [which are incredibly fun] And Steamworkshop to add a bunch of player made gun skins, flashlights, phone backgrounds and maps! Also they announced the up coming DLCS will be absolutely free! Contagion is a refreshing and fun addition to the zombie survival genre with a mechanic where when ever you die you yourself get to become a zombie! Even better you have full controll over your zombie and must kill the rest of your old team to win! SO wether you're a zombie or a human there is lot's of fun to be had. Now the cons of the game: Sometimes the zombie AI will group up to attack a player but get stuck in a giant mass [can be fixed with the roar ability as a zombie to make them follow you] [I forgot to add that a great feature is the ability to climb over objects and break down doors] other cons are sometimes the zombie vision can kinda hurt your eyes so don't leave it on for too long. Now that the cons are over one of my favorite features to the game they recently added is Controller Support and wait for it..... SPLIT SCREEN!!! Yes split screen! Plug in 2 controllers or one controller and the other uses the mouse&keyboard and guess what? you got yourself some couch co-op which most games lack these days! [ No auto-aim for controllers i might add] [PS4 controllers work to!!!} All in all Contagion is a really fun game especially with friends! I would go into detail about the gamemodes but that would take too long! Anyway I give Contagion an awesome 8.5/10 Go pick this game up! Have fun in big picture mode on a tv with controllers! Do what ever! 8.5/10."
,Not Recommended,238430,24854751,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Svide,"This game is the prime reason why 'early access' shouldn't exist...The devs havent updated for almost a year now and they claimed that this game would be finished but it's far from that. They Post their undevloped game and got their money and dipped. This is why early access pisses me off, cause devs never stick to their word."
,Recommended,238430,10340227,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Reptar,"Contagion is a 2011 medical thriller directed by Steven Soderbergh. The film features an ensemble cast that includes Marion Cotillard, Bryan Cranston, Matt Damon, Laurence Fishburne, Jude Law, Gwyneth Paltrow, Kate Winslet, and Jennifer Ehle. Contagion's plot documents the spread of a virus transmitted by fomites, attempts by medical researchers and public health officials to identify and contain the disease, the loss of social order in a pandemic, and finally the introduction of a vaccine to halt its spread. To follow several interacting plot lines, the film makes use of the multi-narrative ""hyperlink cinema"" style, popularized in several of Soderbergh's films."
,Recommended,238430,7837367,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,school only,"As of 3/10/14, I give this game a score of 7/10.PROS:OThe graphics look very good.OMany characters to choose from.OAnimations are fluid.OSound is immersive and realistic.CONS:XThere is a lack of maps, but that's okay as long as they are working on making the mechanics of the game better. You can only play the gametypes for certain maps. They should consider making survival-like versions of every extraction map or versus gamemode so that you could play the same mode but in a survival mode.XThe gunshots in this game sound like little BB guns. There is only about one gun that sounds like an actual gun and the sound isn't even for the right type of gun. Not big enough of a deal to take a rating off, but hey it's the little things that count.XThe shove with V is terrible, it doesn't even push the zombies away.XWhen you die, the game is extremely boring. You spend all of your time as a zombie going around trying to find the humans and it's just terrible.CONCLUSION: Concept is good but needs a LOT of work. If you are reading this and have watched the trailer, realize that the trailer is a bit misleading. Not all of the things in the trailer are in the game yet, but that's not to say that they won't add it soon. After buying the game during the fall sale, I was a bit skeptical to whether they would update or not. However, the game has been updated regularly so you can count on the developers to add more things to the game. I play this game every time there is an update so that I can change the review to match what the current product is. I do realize the game is in beta and I hope they continue working to make it a better game.EDIT:As of 3/10/14 the game has been updated several times and improved on animations, bugs, and the graphical user interface. I have updated the overall rating to match its current state.The moderators on the Contagion discussions delete reviews that talk sh*t about the game. Haha."
76561198096577157,Recommended,238430,10708942,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Japan Lord,Zombies and stuff why not?
,Recommended,238430,9826110,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Alasdaaaairo,Cinematic trailer is a pile of wank
76561198040267899,Recommended,238430,8076157,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Samskwatch,Noice
,Recommended,238430,15173982,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,dopeytapestry,Great game. I personally like the intergration of playing the zombie which works really well. The controller took a long time to get working which was a pain where as every other game worked right away also the controller is a bit hard to use much easier to play with a keyboard and mouse.Other than that the game is a lot of fun and a very fair price for 14.99 definitely worth it.
,Recommended,238430,10643700,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,[VMG]BootyCOCAINExx,I get to eat people 10 out of 10
,Recommended,238430,9861801,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,[gg] LoganAdams,This game has come along way since the very start of its release.I advise you to buy it if you will play with friends (:
,Recommended,238430,7837783,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,[TW] Fate [CEO],"Good zombie game, a standalone of zombie panic source."
,Recommended,238430,14778859,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Whisper,10/10 would guard a mall again
,Not Recommended,238430,11953639,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,jscoolen,"I wish I could get my money back, this game is realy stupid.Zombies can wlk trough doors and walls. Sometime they just fall out of the sky, and you can't do anything but die.Way to much ammo, but no medical kits or something like that.There are more games like this out there and most way better.Graphics are realy old, and there are only a few maps, who keep repeating themselfs.I wanted to try a multiplayer, but there no players around...My advise, think twice before you spend any money on this game."
76561198010655219,Recommended,238430,12789841,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,PinkPanther,"It's a well made, fun to play, cooperative, challenging, realistic and difficult zombie survival game.I liked the idea of saving your resources as a team to survive, basically. Thinking about when it's better not to waste a bullet is exactly what I was looking for!I kinda want you to do 2 things: A voting system for mapchanges/player kicks on public servers (like in cs) and MORE MAPS :D, you are working on the 2nd one, I know, just telling you, we're looking forward to seeing more :).Kind regards!"
,Recommended,238430,10168453,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,dirtytac0,You can shoot a zombie.
,Recommended,238430,7628284,"Posted: 10 November, 2013",all,lualolula,"Really fun and entertaining zombie game. Unlike many others the zombies actually ""feel"" real. They shamble through the streets, heads bobbing around like maniacs as they slowly pace toward you, making those headshots more difficult than one would imagine. Completely ignoring bullets as they rip through their arms and legs, as it has no effect other than waying their arm slightly. If you want the kill, you're going to have to get that perfect headshot.They stupidly wander aimlessly, only beginning the chase once you've alerted them by sprinting through the streets or firing like a maniac. Smashing through doors and barricades with their bleeding arms, lacking the mental capacity to use door knobs. The zombies definitely have a life-like, or rather, un-life-like quality that makes them very appealing.But the zombies aren't the only threat. Aside from the co-op ""Extraction"" and ""Escape"" game modes, ""Hunted"" brings one of the most exciting and dynamic pvp experiences. Because unlike other games, being shot down doesn't just end your life, it brings on a new one. The hunt continues as you stalk the humans from the shadows as a newly made zombie. As a human you scavenge for weapons and supplies on the spot, compulsively checking your phone for nearby survivors, or player zombies. You can run guns ablaze through the streets, hoping to run into il-prepared survivors, or barricade a house of your own and take your last stand. Shooting through windows at other survivors or battling an onslaught of zombies as they swarm their way up the stairs or bashing down the door to the room you've taken shelter in.Overall it's a great game and I strongly recommen it. However, a Mic is basically a must. While not so much if you fly solo on Hunted, but the co-op modes desperately require coordination and team work, as a well-crrafted co-op game should. Definitely better with friends. Teaming up with them as securing a house together as you battle off the undead is some of the most fun I've had in a multiplayer game.The only downside to this game is the lack of content. Which can be expected from an early-access game. There's only 3 maps as of yet, 1 of which is used in 2 of the game modes. But with steam workshop support in the works, user maps and mods, that will soon be a thing of the past. But it doesn't require that. The devs are still very much working on the game and supplying new content.Well worth the price. I'm already over 30hours of gametime and it has yet to lose it's luster. At $15, this game is a steal.8/10"
,Recommended,238430,7890066,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,IcyFresh,This game is going to be amazing when its fully updated and completed
76561198039810912,Recommended,238430,9822819,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Baaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhh,"ZP:S's spiritual successor, 10/10 would play again, BUY IT."
76561198058121699,Recommended,238430,9953957,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,JTx787,"It was an awesome game when i bought it a long time ago, but Contagion stoped working for me, and i hope to play it again when they fix the bug that lets me not open the game. it says missing execuable, i've done everything it says in the instructions but still didnt work.Lets hope contagion works for me again."
,Recommended,238430,7801460,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Hero of Soc. Labor,At this point this is early access and I would recommend to anyone who plays cs and is familliar with overwhelming feelings of RAGE!!!!
76561198053963912,Recommended,238430,19393533,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Crazy,Really good game to play with friends
76561198084320679,Recommended,238430,9086855,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,open the door,"I need poeple to get this game because it's great. Game modes like hunter and escape (my personal favorite) are pretty cool. BUT I NEED FRIENDS TO PLAY IT WITH, BECAUSE NONE OF MINE HAVE IT :("
,Recommended,238430,9818821,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,ultimatum1895,"this game is quite fantastic. more akin to the original style of zombies started so long ago by George Romero, the zombies in here as slow (most the time) and hard-hitting enemies. sometimes plentiful, and always dangerous, even the small hordes hold great threat to you and your friends. to kill one, its best to shoot once in the head to conserve ammunition, otherwise, you arent doing very much against them. the maps are all randomly generated, giving you different experiences each time. the maps are pretty damn big too, and take a long time to complete, so you definitely have plenty of stuff to play through.the game is, however, quite difficult to play on your own, and not much fun either. that is a downside to me, as most the time, i prefer to play on my own if not playing with a friend. regardless, i still strongly recommend this game, especially if you enjoy the more tense and difficult type of zombies and an eerie atmosphere, instead of the crazed, adrenaline rush Left 4 Dead zombies"
,Recommended,238430,9057417,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,GODFoxy,much funnynew iphonemiss internetnot trust anyone10/10 <3
,Recommended,238430,7794168,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Mixichip,"It's very very well paced, nothing was too rushed about this and it's damn near perfect! There is only a few things you won't like but you'll respect why the developers made that choice at the same time. Also if you do happen to buy this game, be sure to submit bugs, things that seem unbalanced, etc... so the developers can make this game extremely well done. It gets better literally every update!"
76561198097450244,Recommended,238430,7873342,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,ReadEMnWeep,"This game is amazing and it's only in beta, I can't imagine how good it's going to be when it's completed. Best zombie game I've played in a while. One of the few games I'd buy on steam for the full price instead of waiting for it to go on a sale. Well worth the buy!"
76561198023135159,Recommended,238430,7876002,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Gileadgunslinger,As an avid fan of Zombie games i'd say this one is a winner. With a very active development team and an already good beta I can see this being a great one to buy
,Recommended,238430,11951949,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Mr. THICC,"One of the greatest zombie games i have ever played. Great characters, great Gamemodes, and awesome Co-op system. However, the game will get boring with the limited number of gamemodes you could play, so wait for an update.Overall, 9 out of 10"
76561198057484493,Recommended,238430,13607430,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,AyamePup,"I want to like this game. I really do. It has a few features that make it stand out from the plethora of zombie survival games, but despite that I found myself quickly getting bored of it.Unless you get together a largeish group of friends to play with, this game isnt fun. The only time I had the reactions the developers were looking for was when I got into a large game that other people were streaming. It was challenging and fun then, and I tried to recreate that type of game multiple times, but with no results.In short- Want a few weeks of fun? Perhaps a game you and your buddies could pick up every 3 months or so? Sure, go for it. But if not, dont bother. it'll quickly bore you.But the positives are there as well. Its not to shabby looking, handling is fairly decent, music is...eh, and both players and zombies pose a threat. You must think twice about everything, even firing a bullet. Noise attracts both hordes and enemy players, which are both out for your head. Or brain, whichever you prefer. The mechanics echos that of real life (some of them at least) and I like that.I am putting my final review as reccomended, but I suggest you think deeply before buying this game. Do you not mind repitition? Then great! Buy it and hack away at those rotting corpses. If not, perhaps hang back a bit."
,Recommended,238430,13605061,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Maple,"Nothing amazing about this game, but I will say this...It's your standard co-op zombie survival kind of game with different characters to play with no real stat differences, different game modes and maps. Is it fun? Yes definitely fun especially with friends. Pick it up during the sales and if you got friends round them up and get the 4-pack. This game is still being updated so expect more content in the future. The true downside here is that it will get boring after awhile but let's face it there aint many games that you bought from steam that you'll play everyday anyway. $5, just get it."
76561198075382117,Recommended,238430,10736858,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Naberius,"Probably the best example of a good modern day zombie game.  Resident Evil 1-3 were the pennacle of zombie fighting back in the day, and this game is a throwback to the good ol' zombie killing days. no weird mutations, no ""tanks"" like in L4D, just good fun all around."
76561198126477467,Recommended,238430,10738165,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Throw A Grenade Man,"very fun, hunted is an awesome game mode"
,Recommended,238430,24283478,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,TrulyNoxified,"Contagion is a fun game that is eerily similar to ""No More Room in Hell"".  The premise is that you are a survivor in a zombie apocolypse and you have to survive.  It isn't very original but it's one of the better made zombie survival games out there, however ""No More Room in Hell"" has the advantage because the multiplayer works better and the zombie AI is much better.  Contagion is a fun game but it needs to be updated and patched because it's missing a lot of key elements that make a survival game great."
,Recommended,238430,9841279,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,NightCloud,"First of all, I bought Contagion when it was in its Early Alpha stages and couldn't really play a lot of it since there weren't a lot of players and servers. But now, I found out that the game is finally released and I'm not disapointed. At first I wanted to get this game because it reminded me of The Walking Dead TV show (Which I say about a lot of zombie games but they are not as they seem to me at first) but it's not like that at all except for the ""Only headhsots kill"" rule. Now since the release a lot has changed: New and modified weapon slots which make it easier to find weapons, new zombie ""Roar"" feature which lures more zombies to the survivors to make them suffer even more, achievments, trading cards, modes and an improved intro and menu. The level section is easy to choose from, the only problem is that there still aren't many servers to play on, but if you do find one, the experience is great. The levels are never the same and the keyitems are always scattered in different locations and some pathways are closed in one playthrough but in the other they aren't. The only negative aspects I can find in this game for now are the way too overpowered human controlled zombies and the zombie spawn points. They don't die to a single headshot, no, they take an entire magazine to the face to die. They are just normal zombies to blend into the crowd and not some special infected like in Left 4 Dead, so they should have lower health and better spawn points. They can kill a human in about 2 hits and once you respawn you need to find the survivors at the other end of a totally confusing map!All in all Contagion is fun zombie game and I'd recommend it to anyone who likes zombie survival games which they can play with friends."
,Recommended,238430,20603427,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,amosh ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ,"This is a comparison review between Contagion and the L4D series.Gameplay: Contagion > L4D- Harder than the and more complicated than L4DDifficulty: Contagion > L4D- Zombies are difficult to kill if you shoot them in the body, thus making headshots very rewarding.- Supplies are fairly diffucult to obtain, especially in ""extreme"" difficulty.- Riot zombies = RIP your ammoReplayability: Contagion > L4DCommunity: L4D > Contagion- There are trolls in Contagion which will ruin your game. Eg, TK-ers, griefers & people who wouldn't want to cooperate.- Lack Asian servers.- Not many people play this game, around less than 200 unique players per-hour from my own estimation.Mod-ability: Both are mod-able because both games are made from the Source engineConclusion: If you are looking for a challenging zombie game, Contagion is just the game you need. However if you more into fun, L4D series will do the trick for you."
,Recommended,238430,18007955,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Fangzy,"Dont need a lengthy comment, that is for the special no lifers. Its a good Zombie game that does not leave you angry. Unless of course you are one of those special snowflakes."
,Recommended,238430,10136730,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Tazza,"This game is lacking in maps, but lwt's hope the community helps on that front. This game can be tough but very rewarding, playing co-op escape with a couple of friends is an awesome experiance. zombies are how they should be, a breeze untill they attack in number's then you panic! ammo is scarse so can you afford to miss the head shot's, or the bullets at all! Highly reccommeded!"
76561198097031273,Recommended,238430,8262673,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Quadrilateral,"Overall a great game to play. I love the idea of 8 people in one server, but the down fall to this game in my opinion would be the fact you turn into zombies when you die. I'm not a big fan of real people knowing where I'm at and killing me from behind. It just gives it that feel that there is people hunting you down all the time. I get it if they were humans, but not zombies. Anyway other than that, I enjoy the game. Don't have to take my word for it. Last, the game is still in BETA, so it's not fully complete.-Can't wait for more!"
,Recommended,238430,8323270,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,The Metalizer,"This game is really good for a early access game. It feels like its a complete game even though its in beta. The maps are a decent size and weapons are relatively easy to find and easy to access. Every gun sounds and handles great with little to no problems about bullets not registering. I haven't experienced any lag and there are little to no bugs from what I see ( except an occasional zombie getting trapped behind some funiture). the graphics are good and maps are pretty well detailed. The AI is kind of derpy at sometimes. In some cases you could be standing yard or two away from zombies and they wouldn't even see you standing there. My only big problem in the game I see is that you get control of the situation to quick! there is almost little to no dread in the ""survival"" situation of the game. If your playing with a well coordinated team or just one friend in any of the modes theres not much you haft to worry about except other players. Now what I mean by that is sometimes weapons, ammo, and health are too easy to find and stack way to high!!!! you could have more then 100 rounds in any smg, assualt riffle, or even the pistol. Besides the rediculous amount of ammo you can obtain with four weapons  is that the hordes of the zombies are too small.Pros:- No lag- every gun looks, sounds, and handles great.- decent graphics, good maps, well detailed enviroments- classic shoot in the head to kill zombie style gamplayCons:- occasional bullet not registering and weird AI- loot in the game is to easy to accessoverall 8.5 out of 10 would like to see a variety of new maps, maybe make it so you can't contain so much ammo, and more random hordes of zombies."
76561197975443217,Recommended,238430,8352630,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,[DNR] Tannen,"Went into this game unknown. It's unpolished and a little buggy (surprise? It's a beta) but all in all I've had some fantastic first impressions and addictive game modes, especially Extraction. Get it, as long as you have a few friends to play it with."
,Recommended,238430,8264578,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Kingy,"Little buggy, but good fun, could do with more maps and gamemodes."
76561198104202183,Recommended,238430,8608003,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,BamBam41700,It is a fun zombie survival shooter but not worth the $15.00 if you can get it on sale I recommend it.
76561198046773138,Recommended,238430,8285781,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,zhur16,fun game
,Recommended,238430,7832364,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Slojoe17or76,"this is pretty much Zombie Panic Source 2 and its effing amazing, as was the original mod. the team behind the mod and contagion know how to make zombie games that dont suck so go ahead and buy this amazing game...its now out and guess what its better than ever coop galor stick to gether or die trying unless of course its the player versus all mode hunted where humans are as lethal as zombies and its a fight to survive and the clasic excape levels, and the hold and extract missions and guess what people can get infected so listen for that tell tail cough and be prepared to shoot your friend in the face our get eaten by them seconds later. and those who die shall be risen in the undead hoard. yeah this game is fun still not to long after full launch, and more content shall come wether the great people at monochrome make it our us fans."
,Recommended,238430,7843320,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Isaac Newton,"Well it looks good other than the fact  that it crashes after a level is done loading. I'd say its an ok game if i could get past the load screens and menups. running it on low won't even work to get it not to crash, i don't think its anything to do with low or high graphics"
,Recommended,238430,7851926,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Toil and Trouble Gamblee,The PvP gamemode is worth the purchase itself. The game's still got a ways to go but for a beta it's incredibly fun with friends.
76561198010231745,Recommended,238430,7900559,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Toogman©,Gibs  Gibs and more Gibs.
,Recommended,238430,8237722,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,John Mai™,Definitely worth the purchase.
,Recommended,238430,8543185,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Dirt Nap Deliverer Dengar,"Awesome. This a perfect example of Co-Op Survival Horror, this almost beats Valve's Left 4 Dead Series...almost... Feels like i'm playing Zombie Panic all over again. Oh wait, because it is! It's by the same creaters who made the Half-Life 2 Zombie modification mod (I may be wrong), Zombie Panic, but now, it's even better. Even though it's still in beta, and there's only around four maps, it's still quite fun. Purchase this game if you love killing zombies and survival horror."
76561198105223868,Recommended,238430,8021695,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,REDWAR45,great game i got it when its was 3.74$ on black friday
,Recommended,238430,8282831,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Asakano,It's a great survival co-op game that really makes you think! I highly recommend this for the occasional shooter player or a zombie enthusiast.
,Recommended,238430,15166547,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,SoundedSpade90,BEST GAME EVERRRR
,Not Recommended,238430,10649231,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,King Doza,Game is fun but gets old fast. Too repetitive without much change each time. They need to make more maps or make it not feel as its the same game every map you play.  Just feels like its still needed to be completed but isnt. Would buy on sale but not full sale.
76561198040222991,Not Recommended,238430,11917177,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Gutshot ۞ ۞ ۞۞ ۞۞۞,Dont get this game if you have windows vista 32 bit.. u dont have enough RAM to play it
,Not Recommended,238430,10623888,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Pat.,Pile of wank
,Not Recommended,238430,11918434,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Deadjack,"I liked this game. Nice music, nice atmosphere, nice gameplay especially for zombies that you can regroup with the roar (up to 14 can follow you), nice weapons and the cellular.Ok people are ranting about the smal number of maps.But te most complicate thing is when you play why players who don't give a Fu... about you're nationality.I've played few mins with russians or a country that sounds like them and seriously... that was the worst game i've ever had.I'm quite used to games like Zombie Panic, No more Room in Hell or 7 Days to die.I didn't stole any ammo or medkits, i've done my job like any survivor would do.And you know what? None of the russians in the groupe tried to talk in english or write anything.I don't want to give an etiquette to the russian but thoses guys were the perfect exemple of a bad community.No team play, no communication and instead constant russian talks, even team kill without reason.Indeed i've conected to the server (the loading screen of horribly long !) and when i've reached the group, one of the players killed me for no reason and he didn't had any loss of points (or any ways to be punished).I'm french and i try to speak english as much as possible as a proof of respect for other players.So After few mins, Contagion is good, is cheap (buy it now !) but has a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ community.N.B: Cell phone's background with half naked hentai girls just give me the creeps. Seriously this is ridiculous to see that on a workshop !"
,Recommended,238430,8231578,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,(鮫) Derpy Sh4rk,Better then No More Room in Hell.
,Not Recommended,238430,11946282,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Inky,"Has the feel of a player made mod. Controls and aiming are clunky and unweildy.As a single player game, I'd still recommend L4D (the original one) as it is much more polished than this.It isn't a bad game, it's just that there are many other, better zombie games to choose from."
76561198005131474,Not Recommended,238430,11957493,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Absolute,"Something similar to L4D not so comforable to play. I suppose that creators wanned to make this game more realistic but infact, when you are starting to play, the first couple of minutes you are just trying to get whats a point of it all??? The interface isnt very nice to use. Nice game to play for zombie fans when you have nothing else to do and want to try something new... but.I would say that screenshots and trailer for this game are better then the game itself :3"
,Not Recommended,238430,10406774,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,cs.deals csgoblocks.com,"Left 4 Dead Semi-Hardcore Versionalready played since Early Access, development are quite slow...but this game have a lot of potentials if you like Zombie Co-Op game with more difficult or more challenge from Loots, Zombies, limited ammo, and more rare. for now, i not reccommended because still need some improvementsi forgot this game not suit for new players and no tutorials which makes you more difficult to play especially when playing Escape. so, don't buy this game if you never played game like Left 4 Dead, No More Room in Hell."
,Recommended,238430,7839421,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,RoboLight,good for a zombie game i love that you can trick people with your phone i love the game its really good for people how love to play survival zombie games
,Recommended,238430,11935070,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Vesperia,"Brilliant, damn amazing game! If you're looking to have a realistic experience of survival stand-offs be it PVP or PVE (player(s) V zombies), then this is your stop. Though, it's not as open world as DayZ for example. The game's maps aren't that big. But they're big enough for an environment, i.e neighbourhood."
76561198081110786,Not Recommended,238430,31594375,Posted: 6 May,all,TooCliché,Anally♥♥♥♥♥♥♥my computer 0/10
,Recommended,238430,8582473,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Hey I'm Tony,bought it expecting the terrble mark whalberg movie. was dissapointed
,Recommended,238430,8654122,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Purim,"Zombies, pew pew!"
,Recommended,238430,8263491,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,radi0n,Good zombie game!
,Recommended,238430,8242048,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,美的  S Y S T E M S,It is good Zombie Survival Game. Need Friends to play it though. Alone is boring.
,Recommended,238430,8473339,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Dicktor Sucklock Norfaggot,"Contagion is one of the few games that understands how zombies truely function/react. Only a shot to the head (Obviously) The game has a wide variety of weapons to chose from, but limited ammo, forcing you to conserve as much as possible. This is perfect for those who want to feel true horror and tension as hordes approch."
,Not Recommended,238430,21352413,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,CrackBlopper68,ok i guess?
,Recommended,238430,15794591,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Ecn,"This game is really awesome. It's like L4D but less arcady, and better."
76561198097247407,Recommended,238430,15976136,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Fluffycrab,Contagion is a great game.  If you like realistic zombie shooters than I suggest you get this game.  It does not have a great replay value on most maps but I can play some maps over and over again.  I thoroughly enjoyed this game and it is definitely worth getting.
76561197962773234,Recommended,238430,16821195,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,James,"I like this game for it's escape maps the most. Though I wish there were more escape maps. I like solving little puzzles and trying to find the object(s) you need to get to the next section. Getting to each new section is a little rewarding. It would be nice though, if each new section you get past would become slightly more difficult and more puzzling. I know it sounds like its ""Resident Evil"" to have such things but; so what, these things work in this game and they made me want to play it that much more. Plus you can play any game mode with friends or against them. What does bother me a little though and I do not see a way to fix it but, it kind of ruins the experience a little; It's when someone joins the game and has played the map a million times and knows where everything is. They all do the same thing, run ahead and open all the locked doors, start events that you wish you could have been apart of, and takes all the good weapons and health and runs off alone. Also, because of the actions of such players you can get lost and not have a clue where to go. This is not the fault of the game it is the fault of the players who like to ruin it for others, so I cannot give bad credit toward the game because of this. Overall, with all the game modes and content it is a good game. Now all it needs is replayability or I mean a reason to keep playing it like: rewards, perks, maybe even weapons you can unlock and start with, body armor, or some weapon upgrades."
,Recommended,238430,20606774,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Perplexed Kestrel,great game.
76561198053979500,Recommended,238430,21244680,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,arcticFeline,"Simple, but fun; they really nailed down the survival aspect, and the horror matches it well. Only wish there were more maps."
,Recommended,238430,17351106,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Devastation Dan,a brillant fun game to play with friends defo had fun on this i have got 3 friends to buy and play this all 3 loving it
,Recommended,238430,19737234,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Cowboy1543,Really fun and amazing game!really polished
,Recommended,238430,20771077,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,PⒶK ( ͡º ͜ʖ ͡º),"Game is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome, but please make it work with waiting rooms like l4d. :D"
76561198064534085,Recommended,238430,15640068,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Abaddon Viteri,"I played this game for more than 36 hours in the first three days that I'd bought it. I believe this alone speaks to its quality. I have no doubt whenever my friends and I have the itch to play zombie shooters, it *will* be Contagion we return to. Three things about it to note; you should play with other people at least once, even if you don't know them, because it's a different game, although there is charm in playing alone; the sound system is amazing, and it will immerse you really well, plus it's incredible in Hunted; and they capture the feeling of the zombie apocalypse rather well.Most of the charm in it for me is playing with other people, who can be scarce. Many of my experiences were better because a friend of mine rented a server so we essentially played whatever we wanted, but if you don't do that and already have three or four friends to play with, it can get a little difficult to find enough players to do what you want to do. Especially in Hunted, if you're stomping a round for a good 20 minutes, people tend to leave.Other than that, the sound *is* fantastic, except for one regard - it doesn't handle vertical distances very well. Playing Hunted was amazing on Aurora Estates, but not so much on Biotech; in Aurora, you pinged, you knew someone was at least in your house, but in Biotech, you already knew they were nearby as it's a smaller map, but with there being three floors and four rough sections, you can't ever tell what section they're in, only that they're near you on the XY axis. That said, there's nothing like sitting in Ventrilo, in kind of silence, making vague jokes about what everyone else is doing but trying very hard to listen for quiet footsteps... and then someone shoots the shotgun *once,* and the whole game is galvanized.Finally, the zombies. The goddamned zombies. You wonder in games like Left 4 Dead how the zombies actually killed anything, ever, if there were such violently competent survivors running about. I understand that there was a small percentage of the population which was immune, but that wasn't explained until a game later, as subtext for the end of a campaign; the thought remained long enough to disenchant me. Contagion, however, makes every zombie a threat, even without the possibility of you being infected. When they didn't infect you, a single one could take up too many bullets if they caught you by surprise, or you'd miss a lot, or you'd go for the sledgehammer kill to save ammo or be quiet and it would be this huge pain in the♥♥♥♥♥and now you're missing half of your health feeling like a moron. At the same time, I never felt cheated when a zombie got the better of me, because you don't die in Contagion due to the game screwing with you, it's because you ♥♥♥♥ed up. What's more, aside from the zombies' competence at genocide as a whole, once a single player went down, they became an infected player, and the hypercompetent player zombie always brought the game to a swift end soon after, in both Hunted and Escape. There were very few games that ended in a player victory in Escape with player zombies present, and in Hunted, many an infected survivor won by the skin of his teeth because the zombie players found the other final survivor, or both of them were infected and it was a time game, or one of them ran out of ammo but the other was infected - all kinds of stuff.tl;dr it's outrageous fun, grab a friend, hell grab a four pack, get a server, play Escape and be the hero your friends deserve, play Hunted and be the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ you were meant to be"
,Recommended,238430,17471415,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Twitch.tv/Lewpac22,"Awesome Zombie shooting fun with a different pace to L4d or Cod Zombies!This started off as the half life mod Zombie Panic... then Zombie Panic Source followed and finally this stand alone offering named Contagion.The most played game mode is hunted, where every survivor is spawned randomly accross a map and last man standing wins. One player will be randomly chosen as a zombie and each survivor who dies (from the zombies or other surviors) becomes a Zombie. Players can work together, gather guns and supplies, barricade doors and even Text each others phones to give away thier locations!!!Its really edge of your seat stuff especially as the survivors die and you are one of the last few left, everyone is out to get you as you make your final stand!You can also get a group together and take on a pre set mission map with various objectives to solve and NPC zombies to kill, these can be very hard on the harder settings as ammo is sparse and the zombies lurk round every corner.I have had hours of fun with this game and I hope you will too :)Lewpac"
,Not Recommended,238430,30988721,Posted: 6 April,all,DarkerSpartan,The multiplayer is dead.... im sad
,Recommended,238430,33193126,Posted: 3 July,all,|-TxT-| Oziek,Contagion = Zombie Panic! Source.
76561198030339671,Recommended,238430,26990621,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,=H= KZK,Great co-op zombie game and the zombs look good and act like they should.
,Not Recommended,238430,23377261,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Ryougi Shiki,"Contagion isn't a bad game. It has a fantastic concept and it could be loads of fun to play with friends. Frankly, I wish there was a middle-of-the-road option, because I don't want to not recommend this game. But when it comes down to it, I'm going to have to say to pass. The main problem I've found is a lack of a tutorial of any sort. You're thrown into the game, and you better hope you remember what all of the controls are. The punishment for dying is also a little harsh. If you die in a server with player zombies enabled, you might spawn in a location that you can't get out of. Thus, you're stuck there until a player makes it there. And zombie mode just isn't fun. And if player zombies are turned off, you play as a supersonic cockroach after dying.I'm not one to jump in and play in a random server, so I'm not complaining about the lack of community. Setting up a private server is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥though, mainly due to the fact that I have crappy internet and I would rather not pay to host a server for a game my friends and I might play once a month. That isn't the dev's fault, but just something that I'm not too big of a fan of.Pros-Gameplay Concept: Contagion's concept is great. It's actually not a bad game, but needs some serious polishing.Guns: The guns in this game are great. I like the accuracy and sometimes the lack thereof. I also love the fact that you have to manually reload.Variety of modes: Contagion has a lot of maps and modes, and that's always a good thing.Cons-Controls: The controls can sometimes be a bit wonky, and there are so many features that you have to remember a crapton of inputs. There's a steep learning curve for controls.Death punishment: As I mentioned above, the punishment for death is far too harsh where it's quite easy for a zombie to kill you.Melee combat: Close-quarters combat in this game sucks. It is just kiting back and forth, hoping you hit with it. It's not that hard to hit something with a wrench. You don't need to wind up every time.All-in-all, I'd give the game a 6/10. It could definitely use some tweaking, and once that is done, I think the game would be fantastic and I would gladly change my review to ""recommended."""
76561197998875275,Not Recommended,238430,32896481,Posted: 27 June,all,Korso,So basically my first experience into this game is every lobby is filled with cancerous trolls that kill other survivors and ruin the gameplay. Nice to see that this game has been ruined by such disgraceful human trash. Getting my refund now.
,Recommended,238430,18955473,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,SenpaiTurtle,11/10 Would aim for head again
,Recommended,238430,11238487,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Tarabas,"Great game.SOOOOO mcuch fun in coop, even if it could be challenging at times.You've got to be VERY careful, just one scratch might be enough to turn you into a zombie after a while, with a nice transformation effect. (you start to see black and white, sounds get distant etc).Other than that, the little ""finesses"" make this game a ton of fun, you actually can shoot thorugh a door into a zombie's head if you hear him behind it. You'll need certain items to enter in some restricted areas (like keys, fireman axes to open your way etc).All in all it's an amazing game being still in alpha, can't wait to see the complete version."
76561198035910256,Recommended,238430,10949410,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Morgas,"This game brings the old zombie flair back in which you have to hide and fear the zombies. (not like the Action-Zombiegames like boring Left for Dead 2) Work together with others or go your single way through the many maps. In the maps there are houses e.g. in which you can find useful things like weapons or you can just barricade yourself against a zombie onslaught with planks.If you die, you spawn as Zombie and can also control several beasts at your command.TL:DR Great game buy it for fast fun and if you start it you can just start without any big learning curve! Worth the money absolutely.Played it for 10 hours now and it is still much fun to play!TIP: Always aim for the head, may it be zombie or human!LORD TYWIN HAS SPOKEN, FOLK."
,Recommended,238430,10964297,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Mikoo,When I first tought about buying this i wasn't to sure because of the cover art but when i finally did buy it I didn't regret it. This game is for anyone who enjoy's zombie survival game's and would truely recommend this. 8/10
76561197989777178,Recommended,238430,7784077,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,PumpEnDump,"Similar to  No more room in hell, but better in my opinion. Has unique features, and is more intense."
,Recommended,238430,16472241,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Tonyiih,"This game is so underrated. It's one of the best zombie games I ever played. Here are some pro's and con's:+ The graphics are stunning;+ Gameplay is awesome;+ Soundseffects seem to be recorded binaural, it sounds so good and realistic;+ The different gamemodes are thrilling and fun;+ So is the whole multiplayer expierence;+ Large and beautiful maps;+ Zombies act and look realistic;- Just a small group of players online daily;- Not a big variety of maps.Just buy this game! It's on summersale at the moment for under €5,-. Help repopulate this awesome game."
76561198051350441,Recommended,238430,16488778,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Jeepers Creepers,One of the things I dislike about this game is the option to save your progress . Everytime you get killed you havecompletely start all over again instead of letting you start where you were killed . What I do like about this game is that it's a zombie game .
,Recommended,238430,30192650,Posted: 26 February,all,🎃SpookyWitch💀,the zombies cant open doors 100% realism
76561198027904315,Recommended,238430,9011475,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Andrew Jackson,"( Once read that Tatsur0 enjoys lists so here I go )1. For being at such an early stage the game feels incredibly solid. Especially the wonderful thud of the sledgehammer against a zombie skull.2. The way weapons are dispered ( only speaking to Escape ) needs to change slightly. I believe spawning with a melee weapon might help alleviate the mad rush to grab what you can. A melee weapon such as a sledgehammer.3. I really am enjoying playing this game more than I should. That sledgehammer sure is nice.4. I have found the loophole in hunted which will alow for a win generally 3 out 5 rounds. It is not a cheat, in fact the opposite. Human nature leads most players to run for the nearest 'open' house. But those are just big well lit kick me signs. Since you give us a melee weapon to start this mode. You have an endless silent one kill weapon ( provided your rythym isn't hectic). Find the nearset unlit backyrd to a 'closed' house clear out what may be around and then chill. Play Flappy Birds on your actual phone/pad while you wait. It's totally lame, boring, and profoundly un-fun. If you do this and hold out to be in the final two stick with melee and the zombies mad rush for the guy shooting and barely even bother you. Did it for a bit to see if it would work. It works best if you have a sledgehammer.5. Being undead is better than I thought it could be. But zombies suck because they lack the motor skills to hold sledgehammers.6. Love that the guys who are making this communicate so well and are constantly updating. But they need to start a newsletter to keep us all up to date on sledgehammer issues and other fun sledgehammering related entertainment. I will enter the first puzzle. It's a word jumble.a. LGEEDMAMSHRb. MRHSEGELADMc. RMMEELSHGASd. AEDEMLRSHMGSincerly, Sledgehammer Fanatic #1"
,Recommended,238430,23446470,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Sparklz❤️L,good game I recommend it xD
,Recommended,238430,9824166,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Hippie Unleashed,One of the best zombies games i ever played the scenerio and atmosphere almost seems realistic.
,Recommended,238430,29706187,Posted: 4 February,all,Futo,aaaaah my phone!
76561198310617576,Recommended,238430,23840245,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,nebulous9741,i lovve this gmae very reminecint of re2 to me and in love with the graphics!!
76561197977444987,Recommended,238430,23930705,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,EAFPeacemaker,I bought this game on super sale just for the music track `Sleep`. The music in that vid.  That`s it. I`ve barely played the game. Game seems ok. it`s like a more realistic version of Left 4 Dead.I just love that music. Inspires my artwork.
,Recommended,238430,10159496,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,vermitor,excellant work a good co op
76561198111327094,Recommended,238430,31124910,Posted: 13 April,all,Clas3r,"I highly recommend this game for all The Walking Dead and all in all Zombie Fanshere is why:This game offers many gamemodes for example Escape, Extraction, Hunted, Flatline,....etc.In my opinion this game is very close to the TWD Series and one of the best Zombie Games and you can meet other peoplewith the same interests of the Zombie Apocalypse :D"
76561198079289163,Recommended,238430,13153404,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,KimJongIllest420,Not amazing but good for it's price. Easily worth the $15 I got it for. But it simply isn't fun without friends to play with and talk to... say on skype while you play with them. If you get it I highly suggest the PVP mode it's great!
,Recommended,238430,11307805,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,7echnomalady,"If you are looking for that feeling of being hunted, this is it. If you are looking for that feeling of hunting, this is it too.The game is not perfect, but it's a diamond in the rough. Your biggest problem will be not enough people playing it, but you can almost always find a game. Considering the zombie games out there, this is a great take on it all."
76561198046573694,Recommended,238430,19838386,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,EternalDeception,Great game that makes left 4 dead look boring
76561198036943222,Recommended,238430,15406064,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Piggo,".... Ok, how can i sum this up.... its decent.Only play on multiplayer."
76561198142544641,Recommended,238430,17682265,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,OMG Its Blade,Die As A White Woman Spawn In as A Black Zombie Police Officer 10/10 logic
,Recommended,238430,19559685,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,General James Longstreet,"This game is the best simulator for what a real life zombie outbreak would be like.I spent 30 minutes hiding in the corner of a sandwhich store before taking the coward's way out and exiting the game.Oh and if you're friends turn into zombies they can help you, but they won't, because they're hungry♥♥♥♥♥♥bags."
,Recommended,238430,22019159,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,PhatPuggyPug,"""1st Person Resident Evil Outbreak""I've been playing this game off and on since it was released in early access, and after seeing the game evolve and continue to show life, I have finally made the choice to suggest this game.  However, it is not for everyone because it can be difficult.  This is the kind of game people play when they want to show their skills or completely ruin someone's day.  When you die (or become infected), you become a zombie, which then turns your gaming experiencing into a hunt for flesh.  Sometimes peoplelike myselfjoin servers just to infect all other players.  With 5 game modes mixing up 9 different maps, this game actually provides a large amount of content.  The game lets you pick from 12 Characters, and lets you play with up to 8 players.Pros:+The maps are always randomized for every playthrough+Lots of detailed models and nice lighting+The zombie gore is surprisingly good+No load Screens+There are always people playing.  Although, the population is still smallCons:-Animation  Issues-Sometimes the zombies move really strange and get stuck in spots.-This can sometimes make aiming difficult and even frustrating.-It would've been nice to see other monsters to shoot than just zombiesMy Advice for NoobsALWAYS AIM FOR THE HEAD!!!All levels can be beaten solo, except for the Hunted game modeShare ammo:  if someone is using a fire extinguisher, give them ammoSometimes you can get infected from 1 hitOverall Score82/100"
,Not Recommended,238430,23335173,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Schism_989,"This game had so much potential, but paying for it isn\'t worth it anymore. The game itself can prove to be fun, but the community is all but gone. Very rarely will you find a large amount of players, and it\'s only fun when you play with friends nowadays."
,Not Recommended,238430,30068856,Posted: 20 February,all,PunaniTsunami,"What hurts this title in comparison to the broad array of FPS Zombie Survival games is that it offers very little to differentiate itself from other great titles the genre is known for. I guess the big draw is that, at any point in time in a level, you can become a zombie in an effort to infect the other survivors that are attempting to flee the level. This would be fine if it weren't for the fact that zombie combat is so underpowered. And you don't have unlimited lives either. You just become a cockroach until the end of the game. This would be better if there were more players on, but I just don't think it's worth it anymore.Compounding on top of that sweet new gimmick were zombies not so nerfed, environments are stale. Weapons all feel the same, and there is plenty of ammo. Melee combat feels rigid and beyond janky. While the presentation of mission objectives is sweet, the escort missions feel like they'll never end because of how repetitive the environments and goals are.At the end of the day, I do have to commend the game for not charging a price for DLC, and the sale price makes it worth giving it a go if you're a fan of these types of games and this is the only title you haven't played."
,Not Recommended,238430,30221501,Posted: 27 February,all,JustAnotherGuy (JAG),low activity
,Not Recommended,238430,32013939,Posted: 28 May,all,Prome121,This game is utterly impossible to get to work in order to connect with friends and actually play the god foresaken game. I wish I could get a refund for this game because it's utter trash.
,Not Recommended,238430,24770978,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,keZ,This game is so bad that I felt the need to come back a year later to remind you guys not to ever waste your money on this garbage.
76561198071642780,Recommended,238430,7976927,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Nickolas the clown,"maybe not worth the price, but on a sale grab it"
,Recommended,238430,9826511,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Crom The Beast,"A fun zombie shooter with slower undead. With the 3 modes given it's a good time with friends. You can play a campaign escape mode where you follow objectives through your cell. A hunted mode which is a last man standing deathmatch with the undead roaming about on sizable maps where death isn't the end. You will come back as the undead to hunt down the remaining survivors while rallying other zombies behind you. Finally, you have an escape mode where you need to get to a pickup point on your GPS, and fight off hordes until you can escape.Overall it's a fun alternative if you're a fan of their older free mod of ""Zombic Panic Source"" available if you own Half Life 2. Of course Left 4 Dead reigns supreme for the zombie survival genre with pals, but this is a great title if you're into the growing zombie trend."
,Recommended,238430,23526272,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Breitbart,Very fun game. Dead community
,Recommended,238430,13930516,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Harry,I Cant say how much i love this game Its a ♥♥♥♥in masterpiece go buy it now! 100/10 WOULD BUY AGAIN!
,Recommended,238430,14601881,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Bill Cosby,"Mainly only play when my friend is on but when we used to play it was always fun. Now nobody plays it and when you actually DO get in a game there'll always be that guy who takes the game too seriously and basically says ""No fun allowed, follow me or you're not allowed to play"" even had some guy go as far as saying he would hack me if I didn't do what he said in the game lol. Or if you don't get those guys you'll get everyone's favorite: The Trolls! The one that gun you down on friendly fire servers and attract all the zombies to you and just go ""lel master trole"" in the comments afterwards.Now, if you ever manage to get into a server where BOTH are joining you then you're in for a treat. You hear the overly serious guys talking about 'staying in formation' when he never told us about any sort of formations while the trolls are just sitting off to the side wasting all their ammo on Zombies going ""Wow, your voice is really nasally, you must be an overweight virgin."" while the two continually argue while you go off and do everything on your own because you're now the only guy actually paying attention to the game. In the end you're the survivor while these idiots either shot eachother or got picked off by zombies.Don't know if I would recommend this or not, I suppose I will since the game is good (despite 'Escape' being a cluster ♥♥♥♥ of 'Where do I go? What do we do? It wasn't like this last round!') but what's left of the community is...........LOL!"
,Recommended,238430,12432952,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Zavaro,"Do you like Zombie Panic? Do you like Infect in Halo? Or No More Room in Hell?  This game is legit, and it's legit hard if you have no idea what you're doing.  READ THE STUFF READ THE PHONE USE THE BUTTONS KILL THE ZOMBIES ＤＥＨＵＭＡＮＩＺＥ ＹＯＵＲＳＥＬＦ ＡＮＤ ＦＡＣＥ ＴＯ ＢＬＯＯＤＳＨＥＤBe brave, and win like a frickin champ."
,Recommended,238430,12682156,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Captain guinea pig Luigi 22,i love this game. It is a diffrent kinda zombie game were after you die you get to be the zombie. the you can hunt down your previous teammates. The hunted mode is very fun. it is a mode were players can fight each other along with zombies. if you are killed you can get revenge as a zombie.
,Recommended,238430,13356542,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Tjmat1999,Eat peoples facesbecome vegan zombiemake money10/10
76561198003001787,Recommended,238430,14029522,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,[R0AR] Bob Loblaw,"I am a die hard L4D fan and so I was a little hesitant to purchase this game, I'm really glad I did. Contagion is co-op survival horror at its finest. Your actions must be deliberate, especially on the higher difficulty settings as ammo is scarce. Headshots and a reliable buddy are your only way out of this zombiepocolypse. The maps have mutliple pathways to them so it is not always the same experience. Add into that the player controlled zombie feature (after a friend gets killed) and you will dread the sound of zombies groaning in the distance. My advicve is to stop reading this pathetic review and click buy."
,Recommended,238430,17137721,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Johnny Quasar,Most other people are just hating on this because they are butthurt because the free dlc took so long to come out. Honestly I love this game (I know I have low hours but that is just because It isn't any gta v or witcher 3) even though it has some bugs and exploits *cough* bathrooms *cough* but overall this game has solid gameplay and there is alot of fun to be had here (especially with friends) so even though I didn't give you any reasons as to why it is so good you just have to trust me that it is a solid 8/10 in my opinion
,Recommended,238430,13257045,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Eckk,"There really needs to be more games like Contagion. Think Left 4 Dead, but a less theatrical, and more realistic rendition of Z-Day that doesn't involve mutant monster zombies that throw rocks and spit acid. Also refreshing, is how Contagion has more of an emphasis on ammo conservation than most shooters in general, making for another layer of conflict when encountering hordes of undead. Really makes you think twice before deciding: ""Shotgun, or sledgehammer?""Zombies are not nearly as squishy as most of us would like to think, with our prior video game knowledge. While headshots are always the goal, they are pratically paramount in Contagion.Refreshingly enough, there is split screen co-op if you have a buddy and another controller. If you're playing online, that's cool too. You can have way more than 3 other buddies playing along - so there's yet another leg up on the L4D series, in my opinion. The only critique I can possibly offer for Contagion is: the lack of content. My friends and I don't really do PvP - we're more about the coop stuff. Unfortunately, there are only a handful of coop missions, and though they are rather lengthy, and they all tend to play a little differently every time, there is still something lacking with the progression. At it's core, it really just just a load of blasting, slashing, running and gunning, but there's so much potential here for something more that just isn't quite there yet. I've really been pulling through for Contagion to introduce more content, and I'm still hopeful that there's more to come, but I can't be too sure.Regardless, as is, it's still a superb game with some really tight controls and shooting mechanics. Bullet physics are wonderful, and each and every headshot you get is so satisfying that you likely won't notice until after getting a few hours in that you've been doing the same thing over and over again. One of my favorite coop games in existence. If you're looking to blast through some zombies with some friends, this is it. It's also quite pretty, to boot."
,Recommended,238430,32796085,Posted: 25 June,all,WRATH,if this game was a pizza it would be a boneless pizza. 8/10
,Recommended,238430,8566877,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,TheRealDEG,Haven't played much but it's ok so far.
76561198073684061,Recommended,238430,9514502,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Mark III Hillman,"Here we are for Contagion ! A game developed since 2005 if I remember, ok so I will be fast because the game is very very very short. There is five missions, the principal mission is in cooperation (you need to escape to a prison), one mission is called extraction (you need to protect a survivor until he escaped), and the three other are make for kill other players and you can be bored after 2 hours of gameplay (it's my case by the way)The good things are: there is not a lot of glitches (I found some but I'm a pro for this lol), and the gameplay is optimised (I have a very bad computer and I can play without any freeze or something like this)The bad things are: the game can be annoying when you tried all the missions, the new map is weird (there is some places than you can be sure you can enter but no) and the coop mission is glitched sometime.My final verdict is a 7/10 because except the game life, the game is very fun and the ""Hunted"" (PvP) mod are cool to play."
,Recommended,238430,11869571,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,4stupid2monkey0,"if you like classic zombie games, as in classic i mean the ones where you have to shoot them in the head to kill them, zombie game then you'll like this one, i got it and been playing it every day since, can kill them by torso/limb shots but takes alot longer and harder the difficulty the less ammo you find and harder the zombies are so head shots are the best shots, few different modes and maps,can go at it solo or online/with freinds."
76561198119656828,Recommended,238430,10497013,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,anthoplank84,this game is so fun! i recommend this game to everyone and one of the best zombie games ever! don't hesitate to by this game!
,Recommended,238430,16462256,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Zatchel,"If you love zombies, if you love player co-ops and pvp, if you love challenge then this game is for you.First time around the game will kick you hard, specially player versus player.Playing a co-op scenario but your teamates or you losed focus?You are all gonna be zombie chow.Making too much noise and not saving ammo?You are all gonna be a Human buffet.One of you is a jerk and didn't say when he got infected?You are all gonna be dead... if you are lucky.Definetly a great game for zombie lovers."
,Recommended,238430,7824066,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Dirtbox™,"This is a TOP game if you enjoy survival horror gaming, it's a must buy if you like co-op too and its only in BETA at the moment, it can only get better...Well worth the money."
,Recommended,238430,10413235,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Halo1m,"This game may look like ""meh"" to some people who have played tons of zombie themed games out there. It did to me at least. But I got some extra cash and got it. Most fun that I've had in a zombie game so far.FINAL VERDICT: Great game. Even greater game modes. Playing as a zombie doesn't suck. The workshop is amazeballs.BUY THIS GAME"
,Recommended,238430,9146924,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Squidy,Contagion is a wicked game even better if you meet or know someone to play with you on pvp mode as a team. Baught this a while ago and didn't play it for a while but started playing again and now i am hooked especially on pvp. Just a few things most people without mics will not hesitate to kill you but people with will mostly team. Also can get a bit annoying when you die. But the engine is great and fun to play so definetely check out this game!!!!!
76561198071598836,Recommended,238430,9669481,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,☩-ɮɑʀƭɾɪʗҡ-☩ (Bartri,"I love this game the graphics are top notch, i love this game so much, its the best i have ever played, i recommend!"
,Recommended,238430,10830571,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Falleron,It's like Dayz and Left 4 Dead had a baby....Only its good
,Not Recommended,238430,31674695,Posted: 10 May,all,Bono!,DED.
,Recommended,238430,8210673,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Veriel [Lagi di Pesantren],"It's highly recommended for Zombiez Killers, who love Left 4 Dead Series, etc. Excellent gameplay, more zombies to kill, more harder to survive and don't let your teammates become a zombie!Happy killing, be safe out there and DO NOT GET INFECTED!"
,Recommended,238430,8808546,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,StilbonLIVE,"This an awesome game if you like being stalked by flesh eating zombies!! Wait it's still an awesome game,  just get ti and you'll see. Oh and grab a couple of friends to play with will only make it better..."
76561198085576375,Recommended,238430,8148452,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,dudeness426,Pretty good game. With the new updates it makes the game more scary.
,Recommended,238430,8164711,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Eclipse,I like escaping from the level because then i get to be a cockroach i also review the sniper as good because it allows me to examine to human anatomy with its 2mile zoom. thanks
76561198091330662,Recommended,238430,8267678,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Nubicide,I reccomend this game to people who like first person shooters and killing zombies.
,Recommended,238430,8711642,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,zuG,ye
,Recommended,238430,12025994,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Ivan Arrowswift,Awesome game! Love it! The teamwork experience brings both lulz and action!
76561198085539221,Recommended,238430,12087516,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Chazz11,"One of the best zombie games it has a good realistic like if you are bitten you will slowly turn into a zombie and random gun drops.I think it would be cool if they added a story mode where you can progress.Still the game is one of THE BEST zombie games i have ever played it touches realism and thats why i like it, 11/10 would play again."
,Not Recommended,238430,7887367,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Oh Noes,"Contagion is an above average zombie survival FPS game that provides some unique gameplay elements.  I enjoyed playing this game during the beta and release and especially liked the route changes as you replay levels and the emphasis on teamwork.But I feel the full release is still in late beta because of these things:1) Game breaking bugs like zombies getting stuck, zombie players spawning in locations where they are trapped, zombie players can’t climb certain walls that the A.I. can, and a path in Barlowe Square that sometimes doesn’t open and the game is ruined.2) The overly difficult gameplay which seems to lack testing before implementation.  You probably have a 5% chance at most of winning on a public server in the PVE game modes on normal difficulty.  This is due to a lack of ammo, lack of melee weapons, easy player infection, and overpowered player zombies.  Pretty much the only way to win in PVE is to play solo or with a close group of friends.  I would strongly recommend kiting large zombie hordes, especially in Barlowe Square, kiting is an almost essential playing style and can be a huge turnoff for some players.3) There is a lack of content to justify the $20 price, although the developer has promised more free content is on the way.  I picked up the game for cheap so I can’t complain, but I feel there is not enough maps or replayability for a new buyer.4) The Hunted mode (PVP) feels ‘arcadey’ to me because points are awarded for killing zombies.  Players are encouraged to shoot zombies for points which helps move the game along at a faster pace to get to the next round.  But I feel when someone is hunting they are generally trying to be stealthy when searching for prey.  The Battle Royale mode in ARMA 3 is a similar game mode, but slower paced and a good example of how this mode should play IMO.I think this game has the potential to be great someday, especially after bug fixes, new content, and the release of the SDK.  But Contagion currently lacks polish and I can’t recommend the game for now.***The August 2014 update has made the difficulty more reasonable with more ammo and stronger melee attacks.  There is also a new map.  Game is starting to look a lot better."
76561198035507218,Recommended,238430,10119949,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,BamBam Gaming,"this game is really awesome, anyone who likes left for dead will love this....but for me this game is tons better, fresh approach"
,Recommended,238430,10482375,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Raffy #Japan,"I totally recommend Contagion! Great Hunt gamemode. Zombies feel very realistically balanced. Human gameplay is great, zombie gameplay is great, the maps are nice and never feel stale. Nice selection of weapons."
76561198009786926,Recommended,238430,11090271,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,⎛⎝BillyStickers⎠⎞,"Dark environments, scarce ammo and weapons. A few variations for each map.Progress is slowed down by having to look for keys for locked doors. Interesting.Avoid CH servers as those are last man standing, leading to pvp among the survivors."
56468684646268672,Recommended,238430,12008582,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,SKIROW,An interesting game. I really like it even if the sonore effects are a bit messed up. Eg: Zombies sound very close but in real they are into another room or another floor. Please fix it.
,Recommended,238430,12067688,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Cage TV,Awsome. Must have. the price tyhey put on this is to low great game!
,Recommended,238430,12170193,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Oceanic Meatball,"Game is honestly not as bad as the reviews make it out to be. The biggest complaints that people had (the lack of content and the inferior textures after the full release of the game) have pretty much been fixed by the steam workshop. It's probably not the best game to play alone, but it's a blast with friends."
,Recommended,238430,12275765,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,DEATHCORE IS BETTER THAN U,"I really recommend this game, although I haven't played it alot in my spare time, I love this game."
76561198129304704,Recommended,238430,12254631,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,DILLY_DALLY_GHOST,"A great game overall, but everytime I click on addons the game crashes makeing addons difficult to use. I hope it will be fixed in the near future."
76561197967601465,Recommended,238430,12120445,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,12 Gauge Hysterectomy,"Don't be fooled by the lousy MetaScore. This game has gotten a lot better since I last played it not long after its initial release.What these guys have done with the dated Source engine is nothing short of amazing. If you're a mapper, take a tour of Barlowe Square and♥♥♥♥♥♥bricks - great inspiration. Very much the kind of overrun urban environment you would hope for in a zombie game.The lighting and visual effects are awesome. The gun play is great. The melee side of things is okay. The NPC zombies are very nicely done, though they do occassionally have issues with climbing over obstacles in that they can move a bit erratically. The gore and dismemberment is excellent - plenty of head popping, and you can blow off a zombie's legs to watch 'em crawl around.While there are only a few maps at present, there is plenty of room for user-made content - and, according to their website,  the developers will also be releasing two sets of DLC this year ---FOR FREE!!!!!!---There are all kinds of different game modes to toy around with on each map, offering a good deal of variation in gameplay. Definitely recommend this game."
,Recommended,238430,12271951,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,AceDaddie,I Recommend this game! i Really Really do because it is very fun and very Creative like.. Its just like u feel like ur actually in a zombie apcolasye pretty good in my Opionion! <3 uhm Plus it has Workshop so i can make it even more realistic woo GG <3
,Recommended,238430,8240247,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Penors | Jocker,best game in the world......ive been playing since  beta reversion 3696 and it sucked then but now its great so buy it plus dont belive anything about no maps cause they add in new ones alot
,Not Recommended,238430,26318991,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Kato_85,Not worth buying it.
76561198087115384,Recommended,238430,12085507,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,The Taco That Could,Incredible game really fun to play c; i recommend anyone this game
,Recommended,238430,11930127,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Llama,This game is great it is like l4d2 but hit in the face with realizim...as realistic as a coop zombie game can be.low ammolow healthguns rare11/10 good fun
76561197994045792,Not Recommended,238430,11935456,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,FID,this game.......SUCKS!!
,Recommended,238430,10352617,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,selling trump steaks @ $99/steak,It's pretty good. Really good graphics for the source engine. However player zombies are goddamn annoying and I wish they were never put in the game. I wish it was just cockroaches.
,Not Recommended,238430,23577372,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,JewHunter,Couldn't play past 20 hours because of the dead ♥♥♥♥ing community. It's a great game no doubt but this game died out in the slowest and painful way possible.
,Recommended,238430,14256056,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,《【SD】》 Muir,"This is a great game to chill out too, with friends or solo you can play either way."
12332145665478998,Recommended,238430,15010652,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Luna,Basically all of my play time is playing hunted because who needs teamwork?
,Recommended,238430,14796241,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Drewbie,"If you use to be one of those people who played Zombie mode on CS Source and you enjoyed urself you are gonna enjoy this game.This game is worth the buy, you can play singleplayer, multiplayer whatever you want against people or with people.For me the gamemode ""haunted"" fell more in taste specially on Aurora estate map, it's a gamemode kind of like Battle Royale you need to gather weapons and fight eachother to the last man standing. The once who doesn't make it will become zombies are try to hunt the people that are still alive and those who are alive can even shoot eachother.Great small game worthe the buy and like me I think you will enjoy it."
76561197995146818,Recommended,238430,14603095,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,sumoray,"This is a good game, but in my opinion, needs some improvements, for example,  pumping a mossberg m500 shotgun is a lot faster in reality than in this game, all of the military rifles should have a fire select, semi-auto, 3-round burst and full auto. If a zombie can climb a fence so can can I  :) Where are the sound suppressors? Overall this is a unique zombie apoc game and I recomend it  :)"
76561198147594085,Recommended,238430,24324320,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,CatalyticBman,"Fun, totaly worth it, graphics are deicent, and game play is surprisingly fluid."
,Recommended,238430,7793281,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Mr.Robot,Its like a better version of No more room in hell.
,Recommended,238430,7974900,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Mark Rippetoe,impressive
76561198150101048,Recommended,238430,11913183,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,KvellFury,"stunning graphics, amazing gameplay, love it"
76561198084233799,Recommended,238430,7839519,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,The Bad Guy,"As of now, this game is quite fun, HOWEVER, it does have its issues, yet keep in mind that it's still in its beta, thus, the issues it has currently shall be buffed out when the initial release comes out. Otherwise, it's a definite buy."
,Recommended,238430,33416116,Posted: 9 July,all,maxjones900,If this game was a potato it would be a good one
,Recommended,238430,33421873,Posted: 9 July,all,MisterFister,"This game had lots of promise. It's still a good game but it's ""kinda"" dead."
,Recommended,238430,8418350,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Nachton,"Definetly one of the best indie games i have EVER played. All though this game has a ways to go as this game will update it will only get better.  It is so much fun but, i find ""The Hunt"" gamemode by far the best."
,Recommended,238430,12977234,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,BotinTV,Very realistic/survival Game based on a zombie outbreak. Try Extraction and many other gamemodes with all the maps the community can create through the native workshop support and native mod support.
,Recommended,238430,15946630,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Carmendar,"loving this game. the follow up to zombie panic source. SUCH an improvement. now with ai zombies. :DEDIT: 2 years later, and this game isn't as fun as it used to be. It's still fun, but not as fun as it was 2 years ago."
76561198072598397,Recommended,238430,16458923,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Rhombus,"This game is fantastic! I have no clue how its not much MUCH more popular. Sure the controls can be a little clunky at times, and the zombies aren't the BEST ever. The maps are fun, the guns feel GREAT! I would highly reccomend this game, its only gonna get better!"
76561197969856852,Recommended,238430,9591941,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Biscuit,"This game is quickly shaping up to be the zombie survival horror game that you never knew you always wanted.  This game has aspects that remind you of the past greats like Resident Evil and House of the dead, while it also incorporates elements the new classics such as L4D.  The game is a bit more slow paced, but the tension is there with all of the great ambiance and sound on par with games like Dead Island.  While the game and the zombies are a bit more slow paced, the game is very much alive with excitement as you work your way through elaborately constructed levels that can at times be a little disorienting but very much exciting.  The addition of short term goals, or mini-missions allows the payer to feel more like they are really surviving the apocolypse rather than gunning their way through a movie as in L4D.  This game is very much in the spirit of the older Dawn of the Dead zombie movies, and is a must play for anyone who enjoys that genre."
76561198118901978,Not Recommended,238430,30245285,Posted: 28 February,all,DeTwin,It is godawful. Buy left 4 dead!
,Recommended,238430,7737048,"Posted: 24 November, 2013",all,Zeck,L4D + ZPS perfectly combined. has the potential to be the best zombie game ever. Teamwork and coordination required!
76561198009031293,Recommended,238430,7861360,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Toicks,"Good fun co-op, especially being able to stalk your former friends as a zombie and kill them when they least expect it :D"
,Recommended,238430,7868390,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,show me ur melons,A good game for friends and pvp recomeded!
,Recommended,238430,7876427,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Guardian,"Contagion is a fun objective based zombie survival game. Minus some initial issues with crashing to the desktop before getting into the game, I'd recommend it heartily. The game rewards good observation skills and keen awareness of your surroundings. There are a couple issues with odd animations when the zombies get in close to attack or when they go to climb over something, but the sound quality is very good including some background noise such as far off gunshots, which is hard to mistake for gunshots within the map that you're playing. Good job on the sounds. The zombies sound eerie and when they spot you, you'll know it. Ammo is spread around the maps, and is sparse, but luckily, there are some decent melee weapons.For people who want to compare this to Left 4 Dead, I'd say it's a bit more easy going, but just as scary even without ""special"" infected. The maps objectives and loot is randomized throughout the map, so check your corners and behind desks because there are some surprises occasionally in the form of ammo and weapons.Multiplayer requires cooperation. Those people who run and gun getting all the loot will find themselves alone soon with the players that die taking over spots as zombies. More than a few times I was surprised by a zombie while I was going to check a dark room and it turned out a player who had died was waiting for someone.It's worth the full price of the game, although I got it at the steam sale for half off. I'd recommend it as a well thought out zombie survival game."
76561198080769334,Recommended,238430,8242747,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,The Transcended Turkey,"such intense, so excite, much scare, very guns"
,Recommended,238430,15274370,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Anthony L.,"You can call people on this game, 10/10!"
,Recommended,238430,8265576,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Shit Cunt,Very good game. I don't play video games to much so low hours but i love the online and it strangely has a single player mode. Good for stormy days that slow your internet down. Take my word for it buy it its cheap still in beta but who cares its solid.
,Recommended,238430,8770900,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,FortuneBlast,"This game is really fun, but only if you play with your friends. Playing with strangers is horrible because they do sh*t all the time, unless you play PVP. If you have 2 or 3 friends then go buy the 4-pack and have fun together, but don't play this alone since it is no fun playing with strangers"
76561197997010221,Not Recommended,238430,10853995,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Deggs--QC,"Je pensait jouer à un Left4Dead réaliste avec des friends... je tombe sur un jeux avec des animations laid, un monde absolument vide... et que tu respawn nimporte ou même pas à coté de tes friends. Donc tu te ramasse plus à essayer dsurvivre en tuant des zombies nono en essayant drejoindre tes friends que d'avoir du fun en gang!.. et quand tu finis de les rejoindre.. tu te rend compte que tu n'as plus de balles et que tu peux rien faire tu peux même pas les fesser avec un bat ou de quoi du genre..."
76561198093692565,Recommended,238430,8403013,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Polyvinylcaprolactam,sooo laggy imposible to play but i like the idea of the game.
76561198048296002,Not Recommended,238430,10663652,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,dgrovman,Can]t play single player.
,Not Recommended,238430,10853063,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Sgtpanda,"A game released from early access... that still looks like it's in early access.Picked this up on sale 75% off and even then it's only just worth it, what's wrong, well:1) It doesn't look great, source engine may be old but it can still be beautiful, unfortunately this game is not an example, it's hard to put my finger on it, but all the environments feel too ""clean"", they look pristine, in fact, so much so they don't look real, especially for an apocalypse.2) The guns, they all feel like toys, cannot tell the difference between any of the pistols, the shotguns have really stupid damage (point blank to the chest wouldn't flat out kill you?) and are buggy and the sniper scope is near impossible to use.3) It really doesn't feel finished, you can do dumb stuff like run a long fences, the zombie climbing mechanic can never make it's mind up whether you can climb that thing - and will allow you to climb out of the map, and movement feels clunky. As an added bonus, as I found when launching the dedicated server, one of the things it printed to console was ""Map is missing dictionary - DON'T SHIP LIKE THIS"", even the developers don't seem to think it's finished.4) The gamemodes - Hunted just turns into free for all, Escape (I think) is just like nazi zombies but with a vending machine that randomly spits stuff out and you all end up running out of ammo, then there's another one which is ""lead the AI around"" and then there's another one which I don't even remember so it must be great.5) The phone, pretty much a gimmic, being able to ring people in hunted is good, but beyond that it just feels shoehorned in, in some missions you get to use it as a map, why not all? The game really needs one! Each time I spawn I have no idea where I am, most times because I'm in the dark.Redeeming features: If you like L4D and got bored of it then you'll probably like this for a couple of days until the four maps get repetitive - more are coming though as free DLC (DLC or 'finishing off the game'?)Oh and the English is really terrible in places and it behaves really weirdly with a controller.TL:DR Pick it up for less than £5, no more.EDIT: Proof on issue 3 -http://i.imgur.com/6Td7w0E.png"
76561198075700626,Not Recommended,238430,12115007,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Stranger,"And you still can't use Steam to start a game, and play it with your friend. When co-op is so important, and you don't wanna get your expirience ruined by randoms, on its lagging, damn servers. Not enough maps, dumb optimalization, bugs. Yeah. Hell of a game. Also, nobody seems playing anything except this Hunted (pvp) mode. Co-op indeed."
76561198003425277,Recommended,238430,10200552,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Attila[DK],"LFD2 about 35 times better. Contagion, great commercial preview, suck♥♥♥♥♥♥game"
76561198039137016,Not Recommended,238430,10665975,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,The Guardian Angel Luka,"The harsh/negative reviews about this game are very valid! This game is just bad, I honestly do not see how anyone can have any sorts of fun on this game. And those who say noone buys this for the pvp, that is partly true, when I bought it i didn't even read anything about pvp....But once I saw it and tried it out, it was amazing! The pvp is okay as long as you play with a good group of people/friends. Now, the coop on the other hand......Don't even get me started..... That's what brings this game down.....It needs alot of work...ALOT!!!! Thats all I'm going to say because I don't want to end up going into a rant like I do with most of my negative reviews.... I give it a 4/10 because of the pvp."
,Recommended,238430,9919352,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,UltimateTobi,"Still in alpha, yet already enjoyable. Alone and with friends, it can be a lot of fun! Can only recommend."
,Not Recommended,238430,10667921,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,hugginsd,Thank God I got this for $5 on sale.  It's quite a feat to pull off; having more artifacts on screen than Lara Croft has found in all Tomb Raider games.
,Recommended,238430,11787489,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,bog except spooky,you get to finger frogs in the♥♥♥♥♥
76561198058627794,Recommended,238430,13221198,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Kluck Kluck Kuck,"Its not aobut the Graphics of a game or how it works, all that matters is that its fun, and thats what it is, its fun!With friends and without friends. people in the game are nice people who just want to play and have fun or dont talk at all. The spawning and gameplay as a zombie is very bad in my opinion. I find it very boring and stail, i mostly just go AFK when im a zombie. Hopefully it changes in the future updates."
,Not Recommended,238430,19857739,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,MaxFR68,No storymode is a big letdown...Devs should add one (i thought there was one because of the trailer)
76561198101484098,Not Recommended,238430,29245335,Posted: 14 January,all,Rumjob,this game would be ok if it were 2002. and thats without the bugs. looks like♥♥♥♥♥♥ plays like♥♥♥♥♥♥ functions like♥♥♥♥♥♥and makes me want to return this♥♥♥♥♥♥ boring arcade nonsense. going to try my first steam return.
76561198037613508,Not Recommended,238430,10421603,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,psycholoser,"continueing down the path of game play i will metion the thing that made this review1:SUFFER HEAVY FROM WHEREDOIGONESS70% of the dont know where to go other 30% shooting zombie while looking for where to go no map AT ALL means diffcultty finding exit and sense getting seperated from your teammates is easy those text messages could say ""donkey fart"" or ""YOUR EFFEN LOST PS: zombie bite"" *death by text message* no map... fine... but have a LIGHT SHOW or something new players get to confused2:FOOOOORRRCCEEDDD PVPYOU DIE zombie time... while you know now where to go, guided by vision mode to survivors zombie mode i easy to figure out. but, 2 problems... one i dont like pvp so when i become zombie... its a BIG downer for me forceing me to either continue to fight surivor or wait till round is over... yay...i having fun stareing at the wall while hearing gunshots in the distant areas..... DONT GET ME WRONG zombie mode would be fun but as my 2nd thing the ai has the balls to start me of other side of map so i run for hours trying to FIND ANYONE brings me to a♥♥♥♥♥♥angry when one bullets all it takes to die bringing me to runing around again for a nother hour (i know exgateration)3:NOT NEWBIE FRIENDLYokay so new people hate being zombies becuase they dont know how to play them makes for bad time older players become  zombie makes bad time for newbies no tutorial and people who know what to do dont care about you (at least the ones i meet) but thats not all because of WHEREDOIGONESS confusetion and distorateing direction  lead to insta-death which leads to anger which lead to shut off time which leads to the question WHY DID I BUY THIS now this all could be solved by a tutorial or a MAP OF CITY iknow i know UNREALISTEM but if theres so many mode but only one tells you to go there or there guess what new people are going to play4: ESCAPE MODE... POINTLESSno map. no way. your lost. goodbye. no bullets left. YOU FAIL. no melee weapons either.i find the modes listing most of my problems in escape mode which is get to point b from a leads to the question WHEREDOIGONESS? painc mode is...WAVE mode which i find no one plays... exttraction mode would be great but.... forced... pvp... i love counting brick wall blocks....hunted mode... HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA no... just... effen... noneed MANY UPDATES or a CLEAR TUTORIAL for me to play again ... also short on maps... 2 i know of city or other city dont waste your money"
,Not Recommended,238430,10437868,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,ShadowHunter,"Good game, got boring after 100 hrs +/- though.Going to try to play it again, and maybe end up changing my review once again.Hope I can turn that thumb upside down now, what with all the workshop content at the very least.Edit: Nope, I couldn't."
76561198000799228,Not Recommended,238430,10656788,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Mtmt,Really bad... waste of time and money. Deleted game after 10mins.
76561197988765708,Not Recommended,238430,10663821,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,jhoien,"First off, I have a large library of games and everyone of them is playable on my current system (Win 7 32 bit 4GB). This game is NOT playable. When I select random single player map, it gives the memory warning and then loads very very slowly. After 3 or 4 minutes, I minimize the game and it crashes. It then takes a couple of minutes for my system to recover. I bought this on Steam summer sale for 5 bucks, so I wasn't expecting that much. But, I would like to play it at least once. YMMV"
,Not Recommended,238430,10667311,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,OneGuy,Horrible camera movements
,Not Recommended,238430,10668435,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Bawshot,"Picked this up during a sale for something near £3, good looking gameplay trailer and a lot of exciting sounding features was enough to make me interested but honestly £3 is a rip off for this game. Constant crashing, can't connect to most servers, can't join my friends games, friends can't join my games, intermittent loss of sound and the brief moments I actually did get to play were nothing special... All in all a complete waste of time and money, save £3 or go get a pint, but don't buy this game."
76561198022727037,Recommended,238430,10778137,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Arkantos,"I used to play zombie panic source (The game before this one), it was a really fun zombie game. You would spawn in a random house by yourself or with others and must either leave to find more resources to surive with so that you could increase your chance of survival, or you could board yourself in with what you got and hope for the best. In contagion it has changed alot. You can't use props around you to barricade yourselfs in, but you can use boards on the windows. Im not complaining that we still cant do what we could in ZPS because they added so many awesome features like when you sneak up on a zombie and smash its head off with a sledgehammer. Contagion has many modes as of now and a variety of maps. I prefer to play with friends because you can meet up in a hunted game and gang up on others, or you can do escape or extraction together. The graphics in this game look really good and the kill animations got better throughout updates. I cant think of anything off the top of my head that I dont like about this game so definately worth the buy for me."
,Recommended,238430,11009385,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,vamp826,"You ever play left for dead? Did you ever want to complete objectives and get turned in Left for dead? Did you ever wonder what it would be like to play left for dead with the graphical capabilities of 2003 consoles? Well now you can do all of those things now that Contagion is in our lives. If you wanna pick up more things and and do more things, and kill more things, and eat more brains, use cell phones in zombie games, run around a prison and pretend you are on ""The Walking Dead"" now you can without having to buy that wretched game.It gives you more freedom and lets you play with more people than L4D does, and also if you can find your ex-teammates after you die you can turn them... how fun. I paid for this as an early access game, and would recommend this as an easy buy at 50% or more on sale.UPDATE: Tried to play today and wont get seconds into launch before it crashes every time. So ♥♥♥♥."
,Recommended,238430,11043195,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,MyHeroPatrickSwayze,Murder Simulator 2014
,Not Recommended,238430,11121962,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Stefike,"It has potential but right now, no"
,Recommended,238430,11777083,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,cameron,help
,Recommended,238430,11930931,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,"""THE HUMAN BODY""",sooo fuwn
,Not Recommended,238430,11933318,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,LFTR FTW,"Guys, avoid this like a plague."
76561197994098419,Recommended,238430,11939422,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Johan,"If DayZ and Unturned met and raised a goat together, this game would be the goat."
,Recommended,238430,11943675,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,✪ Glasgow farmskins.com,Que delicia de jogo caraaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
76561198031965890,Not Recommended,238430,12103693,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Hank Hill did nothing wrong,this game has lots of problem including optimization and lack of players. I bought this on sale and regret it.2/10
,Not Recommended,238430,12138788,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,xG SUPERFREEEE ۩MVP۩,The only thing holding this game back from being a great game is it needs to be an open world sandbox game.
,Not Recommended,238430,12149964,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Scrotox the Mighty,"Graphics are dated, game play is weak, in game tutorial is garbage. It looked promising but I'd rather just have the $20. If you want to play this kind of game and its your first purchase get Left 4 Dead 2. If you already own Left 4 Dead 2 just go play that, its better."
,Not Recommended,238430,12191117,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Dickloaf,*fart noise*
,Not Recommended,238430,12269312,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,We Out Here Doing Bad Shit,"I really wish this game was better i honestly do, the steam trailer is dramatic and the idea behind the gameplay is Interesting. Sadly it feels rushed and it is easily seen, for example:-The low-res player textures stand out quite blatently in the actually quite nice looking and well lit map (still kind of low res).-There seems to be shreds of a story here and there but it just ends up not making any sense.-For a game that claims to be semi realistic everything the player can do feels quite robotic.-You get like 4 maps, and although the path and objectives on the same map change from game to game, it basicly just blocks one path up and opens another that leads to the same place, And the changes in game type basily does the same thing but whithout the objective-The guns feel unbalanced, and if used well the starting pistol can pretty much get you through the entire level. And it feels like there should be more guns-The multiplayer search function is broken-In the playmodes with npcs the npcs are basicly props with a bad aim that follow you around like lost puppys and no AI-The mobile phone that you get objectives from is actually kind of good but it feels like it could of been so much moreAlthough it has some good points:+ The characters are actually quite interesting, for example during gameplay they comment in various ways like curseing the zombies or cheering a good kill, and although the models are quite lor res for a modern game the characters look like they belong in a zombie apocolypse+Although the maps are essensially mazes with some paths blocked its a good maze and its enjoyable to navigate for the first few times.+Its quite atmospheric and is quite eery at time+the zombie deaths are quite realistic and not rediculously gorey without being the simple resident evil melting into the floor benignetyAll in all it feels like it should still be a beta and i home the developers update this game and improve some of the textures"
,Recommended,238430,13181200,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Kondhe99,"If u really like resident evil and some zombie survival like left 4 dead / no more room in hell ,etc . u have  to buy this,+ : great gameplay and graphic, active dev also cares about the player's need, few noticed bug,- : NEED MORE MAP!!!"
,Not Recommended,238430,13838186,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Betty Blue,it sucks balls
,Not Recommended,238430,12265557,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,OhioMan,Rather stick my tongue into a mouse trap than to play this.
,Not Recommended,238430,23909791,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,BaasKaas,"I had fun and got my moneys worth. Pick it up if you're bored and if it's on sale for under 5 euros, otherwise I'd say pass and buy something better!"
,Not Recommended,238430,24935531,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,XtaC,"Needs alot of work, decent concept though."
76561198018657477,Not Recommended,238430,32794481,Posted: 25 June,all,Jindex,Potential isn't worth much
76561198197123261,Recommended,238430,23661908,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,agapewirejewelry,"Great game...lots of zombie killing fun.......if you like killing zombies ......you will like this!  And if you die,you then getto continue to play as a zombie.....love that!"
,Recommended,238430,9668457,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,EagleEye,Good game so far. Still in early release but they are constantly making it better.
,Recommended,238430,7497909,"Posted: 27 October, 2013",all,Snake Foresk1n,"Zombie survival done right. I can't explain to you how well done this game is.Atmosphere, pacing, gunplay, graphics, animation, and sound are all top notch. It's the best zombie game since Resident Evil 2. Plus, it has eight player Co-op. I will be mapping for this when the SDK is released.You'd be a fool to pass this up. It makes ""No More Room in Hell"" look like crap.Buy it now, cheapskates."
,Recommended,238430,31574538,Posted: 5 May,all,poogdadevil,Love this Game
,Recommended,238430,9783595,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Samuel,"Boarded off a house entirely while the last player, a squeaker was being an idiot and throwing grenades while I sat in a computer room and waited for him to die. And won.10/10"
,Recommended,238430,12511513,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Emil.T,It's a really good game perfect to you and your friends if you and your friends have nothing to do. A game I will recommended
76561198004678281,Not Recommended,238430,8427530,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Candy Corpse,"One of the most boring games I've played for a long time.The ""Scared and Interested"" factor doesnt stay long =("
76561198099607310,Not Recommended,238430,10376155,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Fancy,"Clunky as hell, slow, and over all just boring to play. This game as it is does not deserve the $20 they are asking for."
,Recommended,238430,15748622,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,[BGK] God Emperor DeVito,Friend complained about my character being black because he couldnt see me in the dark 10/10
,Not Recommended,238430,10097696,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,betty crocker official,"its an ok game, I got bored of it after a while though"
76561198279177963,Not Recommended,238430,22853407,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,TRISTANKD47,it sucks
,Not Recommended,238430,7929627,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,:D Smiley[TheTacticalFacepalm]™,Not worth buying. Still pretty buggy sometimes the keys wont appear and there just arrent enough missions to be able to have fun together with friends or alone.
,Recommended,238430,33392671,Posted: 8 July,all,RazjaroQ,Good game! It has a lot of...BRAINS... And I want to talk you about...BRAINS... Hmmm? Do I look weird? No-no I won't your...BRAINS... Senpai. Just give me your...BRAINS...If be serious. Really good game. But You need friends to play this game because online is very low (Iflolyoulolhavelolfriendslol.*FeelsBadMan* I haven't friends too :().
,Recommended,238430,31336765,Posted: 24 April,all,JustAcceptIt-V1™,Its fun to play with friends but make sure you have brightness turned up XD
76561198081856511,Recommended,238430,18412864,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,76561198081856511,"Very good co-op zombie survival game. You and fellow players try to either escape or extract survivors to a safe zone, only shooting zombies in the head, and if a player gets infected, they turn into a zombie trying to prohibit you from carrying on the mission..So its a very tactical, very scary nerve racking game that requires skill. Highly recommend. Also they got a hunted mode where you can play last man standing with zombies thrown into the mix."
,Not Recommended,238430,16357871,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,fil,rather be playing bloons tower defense than this♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,238430,17665759,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Aaron,"If you've played Left 4 Dead, it's basically more of the same but with less special infected (there's only the bullet-sponge that is the riot-gear zombie) and more objectives.There are also different gamemodes available. Things like Escape, where you try to do exactly that, while completing objectives along the way (unlock this, go here, press this, hold off against these, etc), Evac, where you go around collecting survivors to escort to safety, or the true PvP gamemode where you hunt each other when you're alive and have to watch out for zombies.If a player dies, they come back as a zombie. This will usually ruin the game if you're in a small team, because for some reason they take a lot more damage. They also bob and weave which, combined with their pings, means you miss a lot before they're tearing at your face. But in a large group, it's usually not a problem.But I mostly enjoy the Escape maps. Completing objectives as they appear on the phone you use to tell you were to go has a satisfying sense of accomplishment. While you're killing zombies, you're keeping an eye out for things like key cards, boltcutters, or keys, just in case they're useful later. It brings a sense of teamwork, when each person gives up a valuable weapon slot to carry an item that we might need later. And it all comes together when you've fought through hell, got down to your last clip, and then you find a locked door that you can open with something you've saved that whole time. All the goodies waiting behind, ready to re-kit your team into killing machines.All in all, a game I enjoy wasting a couple of hours on here and there, though I would advise to wait for it to go on sale (the full price is a bit steep, in my eyes).Edit: I would like to mention this: if you become a zombie, you only get 4 lives and then you enter spectator mode for the rest of the game. A terrible idea, really, and I hope it gets changed."
76561198044797961,Recommended,238430,20455658,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Jan,"A middling first person shooter of infected genre. Decent graphics and scenes, tight mechanics, big maps, classic selection of guns and tools. Light and sound effects and its consecuences are very fine finished too. Includes an option of infection risk and play as a zombie. But its quite limited for single player: hand combat is insecure, slow and without options to block or evade attacks, the stealth system is poor, guns are little useful at closer ranges and the most powerful ones attract so many foes that is better to use them only at final struggles or known places; to survive depends on random placing of medkits. Missing classic weapons of genre like flametrower, molotov cocktail, katana and chainsaw. Player can not climb fences and walls like the infected, that can to sprint and pursue players without pause, at long distances. Foes are a bit exaggerated: are infected, but they can running a lot and make strong damages with bare hands, only a headshot can kill them, like conventional zombies; some wear really heavy armours. The difficultly is bad leveled: normal is piece of cake but hard is nearby to the impossible: get cornered by two or three enemies at close range always is lethal. Could be better with more scenarios for ""escape"" mode. Causes glitches on Windows 10 and Workshop community has few mods. Very often offered with high discounts, no buy without."
,Recommended,238430,19756802,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,DubbyDubstep.exe hellcase.com,So this game is just fantastic i love the fact that its like a PvP and Teamwork based zombie survival horror game i always grab my friends and we do some online and local spit-screen games i would definetly recommend this game for people new to these types of games. 10/10 Great Game
76561198025715075,Recommended,238430,10518302,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,PsychoPotato,This game is pretty SICK...
,Recommended,238430,10681645,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,ben,"Contagion is a 2011 medical thriller directed by Steven Soderbergh. The film features an ensemble cast that includes Marion Cotillard, Bryan Cranston, Matt Damon, Laurence Fishburne, Jude Law, Gwyneth Paltrow, Kate Winslet, and Jennifer Ehle. Contagion's plot documents the spread of a virus transmitted by fomites, attempts by medical researchers and public health officials to identify and contain the disease, the loss of social order in a pandemic, and finally the introduction of a vaccine to halt its spread. To follow several interacting plot lines, the film makes use of the multi-narrative ""hyperlink cinema"" style, popularized in several of Soderbergh's films.Soderbergh and screenwriter Scott Z. Burns had collaborated on The Informant! (2009). Following that film's release, both considered creating a biopic covering Leni Riefenstahl's life, before Burns brought up the idea of producing a medical thriller film depicting the rapid spread of a virus, which was inspired by various pandemics such as the 2003 SARS epidemic and the 2009 flu pandemic. To devise an accurate perception of a pandemic event, Burns consulted with representatives of the World Health Organization as well as noted medical experts such as W. Ian Lipkin and Lawrence ""Larry"" Brilliant. Principal photography started in Hong Kong in September 2010, and continued in Chicago, Atlanta, London, Geneva, and San Francisco until February 2011.Contagion premiered at the 68th Venice Film Festival in Venice, Italy on September 3, 2011, and went on general release on September 9. The film was well received by critics, who praised the narratives and the performances of various actors and actresses. It was also well received by scientists, who praised its accuracy. Commercially, the film was a moderate box office success. Budgeted at USD $60 million, Contagion attained $135 million in box office revenue during its theatrical run."
,Not Recommended,238430,9825519,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Magenta,"Vector IronsightsMovement animations lunge back due to terrible delta setups, That or the animator just sucks at movement animations.Pistol slides and hammers arnt animated and snap around all the time when the weapon is empty/fullZombie hit boxes are horrible.Weapon bolts slide into the weapon meshes due to ♥♥♥♥♥♥ animatorsPistol materials aren't ""nocull""'d so you can see through the weapon mesh.This is basically a fancier looking ZPS, With terrible movement animation lunging.If you've got a keen eye for animation and key visual points then i'de stay the ♥♥♥♥ away.To add, The developers seem to do nothing but make minor updates that dont fix anything important, And keep reminding everyone about this ""Lets play"" competition for their own self promotion.On a second note aswell, The lead dev seems to update contagions news with his twitch streams constantly, Streaming contagion instead of actually fixing issues and problems with his own game.Please die."
76561198103407871,Recommended,238430,12322444,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,VargusTGF,If you like having no ammo when you need it most then you will like this game.
76561198050849615,Not Recommended,238430,12195562,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,lvl. 37 Bean Elf,game sucks
,Not Recommended,238430,32160054,Posted: 3 June,all,YoshiGaming,"Doesn't work at all. I start my first server, I cant even walk properly! I try again in a new server. Black screen. Tries again. Black screen! I was really looking forward to this game!"
,Recommended,238430,32901869,Posted: 27 June,all,ロリコンマスター3000,Yes.
,Recommended,238430,8158038,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,tdtdwarrior,Crazy zombie madness.
,Not Recommended,238430,30041116,Posted: 19 February,all,☯YaKudZa☯,"How about starting to refund people their money ? you dropped this game, no updates no nothing. Promised it to be an intresting game for people to play. I was expecting much from this.. and i was seeing a potential for develepers to make this game special when it was released. What we got is buggy, low potential gameplay and etc.Come on.. if you promised then freaking do it, other im even thinking about to write peticion for refunding money for games who are being dropped out. if this keeps going on i think i will have to do it later or earlier.Fix this game, make it playable with no bugs, fix matchmaking and stop lying to people."
76561198071901614,Not Recommended,238430,23393091,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,I Not Mod,I mean it's not the worst zombie game out there..
,Recommended,238430,10740702,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,AnonymousZao,Picked hot chick. Was killed by hot chick. Came back as hot chick zombie. Killed other hot chick. Humped dead hot chick body with undead hot chick body. 10/10
,Recommended,238430,11942795,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,DRAGOLE,BEST GAME EVER besides a bunch of other games
76561197975674876,Not Recommended,238430,23387451,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,GG Medijokur,"Impossible to play multiplayer, as console can not be opened. Tried binding it to different buttons in .cfg, but it ""writes itself back"" upon launch. As the console can't be opened, one can not host/join friends. Piece of crap. 0/5"
,Not Recommended,238430,17779428,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Dr. GreenThumb,"Worst game I have ever played, do not waste your time with this game."
76561198192655914,Recommended,238430,18780341,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,1artisthandmaster,i thought that it will run slow but it run fast and i was having so fun i was like dam this is a good game
76561197973997895,Recommended,238430,21468670,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Zero,In my opinion;Visually and auditorially emersive.One of the few zombie games to have the threat of being infected from a single benign scratch.A near complete version of the ultimate zombie experiance.
,Recommended,238430,12658506,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Childish Gambino,"At first I thought this game was pretty average, then I discovered the Hunted gametype, and absolutely love it!The extraction/escape gametypes are pretty stock, like most other zombie games, with nice looking maps, pretty good gameplay and maps, but they're BIG, thats where I think this game falls short.  The maps feel like they need 8+ players together for you to have a chance.  There's nothing wrong with being ambitious and aiming for a larger scale zombie survival game, but it doesn't help when the game currently has such a small community.Hunted is so good though.  Its PvP, with Zombies.  You can make shaky alliances with your fellow survivors, and scavenge the surrounding area for supplies to help you kill the living and the dead, as you struggle to be the last man standing.I've never seen this pulled off so effectively in a game before.  Playing as a zombie isn't ♥♥♥♥♥♥ because you can control a horde, the gunplay is really solid, and the maps are superb for this.I found myself in so many situations when I had four or five zombies closing down on me, but I didn't want to risk firing a shot off incase of giving my position away to other people.Melee combat is a bit clunky compared to No More Room in Hell, but the PvP gametypes really pull this game through.  BUY IT"
76561198161536812,Recommended,238430,16552024,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,theblackdragon15,this game is better then any other zombie game i haveever played
76561198060976589,Recommended,238430,17544432,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Foxxy,Great game. I found it to be a perfect hybrid between a fps and an arcade zombie shooter like L4d2. So many hours of fun and entertainment. It's a must buy.
,Recommended,238430,20430532,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,aabughazaleh,Nice zombies multi-player and co-op game.If you like zombies you will like this game.
76561198074679883,Recommended,238430,16003726,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Slurpee Shoes,Solid Z-poc game with many game modes. Shambling zombies. Player zombies. Limited ammo. Random maps. Good stuff.
,Not Recommended,238430,30383040,Posted: 7 March,all,Mr.MittenKitten,You have to pay for multiplayer
76561198009720218,Recommended,238430,21527249,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Flimflamification,"A bloody scary survival experience! Contagion has you working closely with your teammates to complete various objectives. The catch is the hardcore combat style against zombies controlled by human players. Use ammo sparingly, aim for the head and listen to your surroundings very closely.One of the best zombie multiplayer games since Left 4 dead. 8/10!"
76561198110517460,Recommended,238430,13504420,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Joey Will Woo The Muchachos,just got a controller and very fun with the controller before it was clunky but very very fun now if you like L4D then you will love this game
,Recommended,238430,17034557,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Irrelevant,"It's fun and slightly realistic, Graphics are amazing and gameplay is outstanding, Plus there is workshop content!"
76561198074476188,Recommended,238430,18080266,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Bobobobobobobo,3 spook
,Recommended,238430,18178287,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Jompa,"This game is that game where you turn off the lights and play the gamemode hunted! It is 9/10, the movement is kinda cluncky."
76561198029939199,Recommended,238430,18895512,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Rooster 大师,"Great game, its just how a zombie game should be."
,Not Recommended,238430,19104099,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Maximus0451,"This game is okay, but there's barely any updates and the community is pretty much dead. Some of the devs left this game, so updates are going to be pushed out even slower. Probably because Tatsur0 is a manchild who can't take criticism and gets butthurt whenever someone gives this game a negative review. This game is just wasted potential."
76561198060389676,Recommended,238430,20464108,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Powerwolf,"This is one of my favorite zombie games by far. Do you like zombies? Do you like teamwork? Do you like a game with multiple maps, modes, and wepons? Well  hey look no further. You can go you own ways in this game but it rarely ends well. Due to the fact that teamwork is so important your bound to make some good friends on here. I'd give the game a honest rating of 9/10 give it a shot!"
,Recommended,238430,20872537,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Zer0mod,"This game trumps left for dead. Just needs some more community love. Also, the hunted play is very fun and the gunplay is amongst the best I've seen with this engine. For the price, you will absolutely get your moneys worth. Get some friends and play!"
,Recommended,238430,12725321,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,[A-Team] JoelRyuDCC (1-2L),Who Would Think this game is a BAD game its really a Good Game and Quite Fun and i kinda have a Feel for the Character Tony V. Richards in this game he reminds me of Nick From Left For Dead if he was in a Diffrent Gamebut onto the review...this game is very fun infact some parts gave me goosebumps like on Hunted when i was going around in the map a guy with an AR-15 Open Fire and that spooked me but overall this game is quite fun and shouldn't have false Raitings...like No Recomendation and what now
76561198014158627,Recommended,238430,13502624,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,PromiserOfDeath,"Contagion is a really fun game i implore people that haven't played it to give it a try, but to play Multiplayer so that others can guide you to enjoy this game. I give this game a 10/10 for its creativity and for it's freatures and for the Infection system that was implemented. I would also like to add that most of the people that i have played online with are teamplayers and will spare ammo, if you ask them and only if they have enough ammo to spare. The Infection system is also nice i hated playing Zombie games where the main character(s) are immune to the disease but in Contagion you and others are not immune if you get scratched depending on the game difficuly you have a 50/50% chance of turning if bitten you have a 99% chance of turning but the infection takes time to take over once it does you'll start to notice it so you can continue to help your team until you turn also if you are scratched a medkit will keep from turning but if you're bitten i belive you're screwed. Playing as a Zombie is acutally fun. I would also like to add that there is no map or radar to help you find other players so look for Flashlights and listen for Gunshots they will lead you to other players this works as an advantage for Zombies and Zombie-Players so be careful if you're a survivor.  I hope that everyone that plays this game enjoys it."
76561198123431709,Not Recommended,238430,17083826,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,WieldyRelic,"Contagion... Where to start, Alright this game is eye candy the game play is not worth $20 full price maybe $5 but not $20 the game has clunky moving and shooting and the zombie AI is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ if you move behind a box but still in sight they will lose you.The 3-5 missions are very easy with very little challenge the map will change just a little bit, like the keys will change placement from a room to an other, the commiunlty is very dull and dumb, that is if there even is a community not many people play this game at all. but why should they you can get (No more room in hell) for free and it offers more fun than this game. the Dev group rarly update this game at all every three months there is a bug fix even is there is a game breaking bug,  to end this Review I would say do not get this game its not worth it, just get no more room in hell its much better and free :D"
76561198008578450,Recommended,238430,18090022,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Moe,"This game is incredibly fun with a few buddies.  My friends and I have logged more hours than I'd like to admit.  And the developers are still releasing free content for the game.  I've run into very few bugs, certainly nothing game breaking.  At the end of the day, it has the fun factor.If there's any downside, is that the content is somewhat limited.  And if you're playing single player, you're only going to have so much fun with this game.  It's shines in multiplayer.We've gotten our money's worth several times over on this title, and I highly recommend this one for anyone who enjoyes the zombie Genre."
76561198037642186,Not Recommended,238430,20261780,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Jessica Rushie,Boring... Simple as that.
,Recommended,238430,21443865,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,FartWind❤♡♥,full controller support :D
76561198067534450,Not Recommended,238430,23054918,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,CollDragon,This game SUCKS.1.Massive amounts of updates are needed2.all the hard work you do in a campaign can easily be wiped out by one player zombie.VERY OVER POWERED BY THR WAY.
,Recommended,238430,13449117,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Bobs and Vagene,Great game so much fun with friends!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198018869159,Recommended,238430,18299993,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,.Gr33n™,One of the best zombie games.  Great fun with friends. Worth a buy.
,Recommended,238430,18405666,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,"Dark Assassin, Link™","This Game is amazing! I love this game, the asmosphere i get from playing solo is kinda creepy. I always look behind me now, and he workshop in it is actually pretty cool! I only wish it had a MAC version for my friend."
,Recommended,238430,19173866,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,ChopperGunner[NL],"The game is good and I'd really recommend it to FPS Survival lovers, but unfortunately almost no one plays it on the EU servers."
,Recommended,238430,19236186,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,kazekaiser,A really well thought out zombie-survival shooter with an immersive atmosphere and gameplay.
,Recommended,238430,20945097,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Karl Urban,"this game was good when it 1st came out, i played it some felt it was very good for what it is a Zombie Survival FPS and played it on and off for well over a year now, i recently picked it up again and i can definately see improvements, i find it to be the perfect George A Romero Zombie Game just like The Walking Dead it's slow moving Zombies but dont let that fool you, you can get overwhelmed in a second if you try and pick off Zombies at a distance they will hear you and come at you from all directions, it's the type of game that at times you under estimate a Hordes ability to get to you even thou some are slow walking type, you also have some that are kind off slow jogging and some even try to kind of flank you, so they are not as easy a target as you would think especialy at the harder setting, in games like L4D 1 and 2 they are of the faster 28 days/weeks later type of infected/dead/mutations you always have your guard up, this game however is contantly switching it up, great game as is and beats out most or all of those $60 full price game"
,Recommended,238430,20959746,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Church Member,Best FPS Zombie Survival for the price and beyond!
76561197996368907,Recommended,238430,21519258,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Tec7,One of the best games i've ever played.
,Recommended,238430,13462064,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Rated R Caparoni,"Awesome Game , 7/10 Worth Buying !"
76561198102095868,Recommended,238430,16630409,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,rrd27214,"While I do reccomend this game in steam I do say it comes with the caveat  that only fairly expierenced gamers should get this one. This game is a okay game for some one to mess around with but is really not a good game for begginners due to it's issues.   It  needs serious map improvements as well as user interface improvemnts. Some maps are litterally truncated and should be under  a different catagory than they were assigned. it is good that like Left 4 Dead and its sequel Left 4 Dead 2 there are different catagories of missoin types but the types are confusing and mislabled for some missions such as los muertos escape and the stone creek escape where it is basically a hold out mission with a limited map rather that a challenging map with different destinations and puzzles like in other missions of the same catagory. How ever that being said the other missions are fairly challenging and fun the only real problem with them is the extreemly overwhelming haord attacks at the end of the missions. The game has been updated recently with new content which I have not yet played and do not yet know about but will play and then update this review so give it a look see any way if you want. Now having played the new content I do like the game better though the weapons and items inventory still sucks, being only able to hold four items at once is not really conducive to good game play. It would be better if you could hold more items although the limit to the amount of weapons does make game play more challengeing and interesting."
76561198065398800,Recommended,238430,17570379,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,SlipperySausage,best zombie game i have ever played (ive played many)
,Recommended,238430,17573246,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Kretzge,Really really solid zombie-survival experience. Especially good in co-op.
,Recommended,238430,19002369,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Hat,"I enjoyed this game a lot. It stood out as a fun, realistic, zombie game. But after a while, I got bored of the content that it had and left it for a while.Then I got a few friends and played it a few years later.This game is an amazing coop experience. Multiple times, after failing or winning an escape map or extraction, me and my friends will just sit there and just talk about parts where it looked like it was ripped straight from some zombie movie. The best thing is, they weren't really scripted to be just like that. The power wasn't scripted to turn on so we were able to run away right when the horde got close to us, it just happened. This game, the atmosphere, the teamwork, the constant struggle of ammunition and weapons, it feels like a zombie movie. Long story short, I really enjoy it, especially with friends.The only downsides I have is that the voice acting can ruin some people's immersion and atmosphere. It's not bad, I love it, but some people may not think so. Especially when you can constantly scream, ""LETS WAIT AND BARRICADE HERE"" when you're literally in the middle of the street. And, it does have it's fair share of bugs. Not too bad, but... ye"
76561198061019658,Not Recommended,238430,27914603,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Optic Faze Poutine,This game was like me. It had a bright future.
,Recommended,238430,16392525,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,«(MooP)»,"Left early access a little too soon giving it a bad metascore, BUT they kept up the hard work and fixed up the game a ton from the release date along with lot more content too"
,Recommended,238430,8644780,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,weirdphil,"Alright, this is another survival horror FPS, the spiritual successor to Zombie Panic Source is now available via Early Access. I want to start off by saying that this game looks visually appealing. It is beautiful. There are only a few maps available at the moment, as it is in beta, but you do get a few different game modes out of it. You can escort AI-controlled survivors, battle zombies as a human or battle humans as a zombie, or my personal favorite, escape from the police department in an objective-based co-op experience. There are a lot of great ideas, and the price tag does indeed turn some people away from this game when the alternative is Free to Play. Both games are technically in beta and both will only get better in time. Contagion is a very fun experience and worth the money. It is an entirely different game than No More Room In Hell and they can't truly be compared with each other because they are trying to achieve different goals. When you die to the zombies in Contagion, your corpse will rise and you will walk among the dead. You will control your own zombie with the intention to do harm to your former allies. The levels are large, and the zombies are plentiful. You can host your own games or play on dedicated servers. If you are looking for one more push before you buy this, I strongly recommend that you check out YouTube for that last push."
,Recommended,238430,11945431,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,b 0 t t i n i,I LOVE THIS ♥♥♥♥ING  GAME!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,238430,12215266,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Damuel,"Oh boy, this game had hype, it really did, and they wasted it. The game was actually BETTER in beta, they've killed the graphics, the animations are bad, the character models are hideous, and the movement is just garbage. The game actually looks worse than NMRIH and that game is free.I can't even begin to describe how disappointing this game is, it's basically the exact same thing as NMRIH except it feels more ""Source"" like, with everything moving like a stiffer HL2. And there's just plain stupid map design. For instance, one map takes place in the middle of a downtown city, it has plenty of roof tops to go onto and pipes that seemingly you can climb on. Well, 70% of these roof tops have NOTHING on them, end with a locked door, and if you try to explore by taking some very conviently placed pipe drops, you'll end up stuck with either the choice between staying stuck three stories high or dropping off 15 feet to your death. Why even bother having the vents easy to get on if they just lead to a death trap?Then you have some suburban town where about 1 in every 8 houses can be entered, are basically massive death traps, and aren't even blended in well. It's like Scoobie-Doo, where there's a secret book on a shelf that releases a trap, and the book is a different color and has more detail than everything else on the shelf. Pretty much the same idea here.The guns generally feel flat and like paper, the supplies are rediculously placed, I don't think I EVER found anything cool by exploring, it's all just shoved into your face while you walk around. The police station for instance was somewhat fun, till I always found myself only getting ammo/weapons by following objectives. Speaking of the station, it's FAR too easy. You can do the mission solo and still have plenty of ammo, health, and weapons to spare. The zombies in the game aren't really even threats, it's like you're playing DayZ except most of the modes don't have survivor PvP.If the game were 5-10 dollars it might be worth a look, but it's just a scam at this point. The only thing deader than the zombies is this game's playerbase. Go play No More Room in Hell, at least that dev is listening to the community and providing updates."
,Recommended,238430,21150466,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Spexxkri Shwrapcheff,Good Game 8/10
76561198029140619,Not Recommended,238430,23108236,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,A Dead Black Baby,R.I.P. Contagion. Had alot of hope for this ever since ZP:S died down... But it just got dropped by the makers and died before it was finished...
,Not Recommended,238430,23365976,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,VenomousAtol,"Honestly this had a lot of potential, but after trying out every game mode it's not worth it instead just buy State of Decay or Left 4 Dead 2"
76561198107929994,Recommended,238430,26534231,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,VorTics,nice split screen gameplay
76561198000904601,Not Recommended,238430,27767649,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Tono,"Game is beyond dead.  Empty servers all over the place.  To make matters worse there is no multiplayer lobby or anything like that so good luck playing with any friends you might have in mind.  Combine that with the heavy clunky feel of the actual gameplay and the wonky hit boxes, I honestly would think twice about buying this game."
,Recommended,238430,8349804,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Mox <<AD>>,"An absolute blast to play - and manages to breathe some life into an otherwise stale genre.Who would have thought another Zombie based game had anything to offer, but it truly does and brings back ""Zombie Survival Horror"" in a way that best compares with George A. Romeros classic Zombie movies.Yes, there are still bugs (after all it is an early access), but despite of this, it's still an absolutely brilliant game with lot of tension and plenty of opportunity for excellent co-op gameplay.HIGHLY recommended! At full price it's a bargain; at sale price it's an absolute steal!"
,Recommended,238430,18874685,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,RIP,ja nevjem uš ale neni to zle
,Not Recommended,238430,25831826,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Ashmic,"Barely any levels for escape, cant connect with friends -at all- and pretty sure this game is either dead or getting there.Play something else."
,Recommended,238430,29500638,Posted: 26 January,all,Johnny,"6/10Contagion got me actually kind of surprised! I never thought devs would still be adding content to it! I bought it after watching a couple of videos of my fav youtuber:paulsoarejr! It's a great game! There are a few graphical and mechanical glitches, nothing that would make it unplayable though! However, I can't really enjoy that much this game after playing most of its content... It's no replay value for me! If you want to do one way playthrough, go ahead, buy it! But if you want to keep playing it after beating all levels, nah, get something else, this might not be what you want!"
76561198156314306,Recommended,238430,31029595,Posted: 8 April,all,Dr Shrimp Puerto Rico,Maybe if the devs didnt leave the game to die it would be pretty good but besides all that shenanigans its a decent gae with a not that dead community
,Recommended,238430,12664901,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Clader,VERY fun game. You can do lots of trolling and exploiting. Reccomended that you buy it on sale.
,Recommended,238430,13617746,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,5 Year Old Fugitive,"I never really played this because none of my friends have it, and my old computer lagged. But when I did play it, it was quite the experience going and eating humans as a zombie.I'll leave this as ""recommended"" because my first time playing it was good and I just haven't play it enough for a full review."
76561198058486764,Recommended,238430,13492809,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Clouded,Game is like L4D but more fun. Sadly my PC kinda sucks when I play this game so I have to change my graphics settings a bit but I rate it a 8/10!
76561198065541213,Recommended,238430,13602881,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Soviet Walrus,Killed a lab full of zombies in high heels with a fire axe 10/10.
,Recommended,238430,13627031,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,gafsterftaff,"Joined my first MP game;- Runs around for 30 seconds with a pistol in my hands, being followed by a crapload of zombies- Gets shot by another survivor, dies- Respawns as a zombie- Run around for 30secs- Game endsTENNOUTTATEN"
76561197970888304,Recommended,238430,13593109,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,jrtec13,"An fun game to play with friends but after awhile it gets to the point like, I've done this before.  Hoping in the future that we get some more content to be able to enjoy this great game more."
76561198067751340,Recommended,238430,13670665,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,HiddenSpectre,1st game: became a zombie2nd game: everyone got rekt by a super zombie.10/10
76561198040156068,Not Recommended,238430,9836743,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,morbidmistake,"no i dont recommend , its like L4D but ♥♥♥♥ing garbage and ♥♥♥♥♥♥s to play with who are greedy as ♥♥♥♥"
76561198109351532,Not Recommended,238430,10076067,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,deathscam,"Wow, this is called AN UNFINISHED PRODUCT. DO NOT BUY!"
,Recommended,238430,10030332,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Nogard,Freaking epic.
76561197987098772,Not Recommended,238430,10293808,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Chaos,"(Final Release):The concept of this game is promising, but it feels so incomplete to me.Pros:1. Nice concept.2. The game modes are fun. The escape mode is really the winner here in my opinion. The concept of Teamwork is mostly  tested in escape mode IMO.3. The graphics seems good to me.Cons:1. Headshots just don't register sometimes and in close range.2. Not enough escape maps.3. When I kill a zombie, they disappear some times.I hope they improve this game soon. In the end, I don't know if people should buy this game for $20. It feels incomplete due to not enough maps."
,Recommended,238430,10350353,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Spicy Meatball,"This game, is defiently the best co-op zombie game on the market right now (except L4D2 and Killing Floor) it is unique, bring many elements to the genre. From the gore system to different modesI also like how the map changes everytime you start a new game, although those changes could be improved (as right now they only consist of blocked paths/doors)One thing which I actually dont like is the weapon balacning. SMG's like the KJ9 somehow over powers the AR-15 despite the difference in caliber, maybe the defs could change it?Another tip I'd like to see is, make the player rely on the healthpacks more? Maybe add bleed out effects once youre shot?Other than that this is defiently worth 20$, great buy, endless fun and rage with friends.8/10"
,Recommended,238430,9858565,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,neon[死の天使],Sad music brings different kind of experience.
76561198078582252,Recommended,238430,9960259,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,Baggy,"Contagion applies the Zombie rules set out by George A. Romero. Playing Contagion brings you closer to staring in one of Romero's Dead series. With these slow(er) moving Zombies they can seem to the player at first as sitting ducks while idle, however they are numerous whereas ammo isn't. It doesn't take much to become overcome by the walking dead as they are relentless. Sometimes stealth is required, teamwork, maybe its a new use for a wrench? A gun shot carefully aimed at the brain, it has to be the safer method.But did you think of the noise it made, now nearby Zombies have been alerted to its sound and hence your whereabouts, its time to run or fight! Play in co-op, alone as a hunter in pvp up against human survivors, AI and human Zombies as death in Contagion isn't the end, just your new stumbling beginning.Contagion at this time of writing has 3 game modes*Hunted (PVP)*Excape (objective)*Extraction (Holdout)*New FREE DLC to add more maps and modes in the pipeline*SDK for user made content including maps. (check out the forums for current projects)*Currently they are 5 offical maps, 2 free addon maps. (28/04/14)*The game uses Brainboxes not to be mistaken as headshots for one shot kills.*Zombie AI is realisticly zombie like, stumbling and farting like they should. (OK I lied about the farting)*Aim down gun sights for careful placement of high speed bullet between the eyes.*Great weight to characters movements.*George A. Romero: Zombie rules applies. Big +ve.At time of review 8/10The game isn't without issues, however over look these small issues and theres a game that has a healthy level of improvements, updates, community and developer involvement. It seems to be a real labour of love for Monochrome, that isn't simpley been left to decay (pun intended)."
76561198020969569,Recommended,238430,10030836,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,LordTypok,Highly recommended. Somewhat like L4D except more realistic and much. much more intense.
76561197968402024,Not Recommended,238430,10320016,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Imposter,In its current state this game seems like a left for dead clone with less funding. This is rather unfortunate considering how much fun the zombie panic source mod was that spawned the company that made this game.
76561198123004864,Recommended,238430,10067509,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Bridenfelt,"I have yet to play much of Contagion, what I have played is extremely interesting and fun. The gameplay and mechanics are things I've felt would make for an amazing zombie game, and to see it utilized cements my belief. The only headshots kill is a wonderful and perfect mechanic to a zombie game and it plays well. Graphcally speaking it looks great. The atmosphere is also phenomenal. Its dark and terrifying. Perfect for a zombie survival game. Though there are a few issues.Firstly is the amount of RAM required to run this game. 4 gigs is kind of ridiculous to me. I only have 3 gigs and no other game has required that much RAM, though, I may be making more of a deal out of it than it is. Secondly is the light mechanic. Upon certain surfaces it creates a weird glare like deal along the screen and is mildly blinding. Kind of a pain to me, and I havent found a way to fix it.All in all though this is a great game at an ASTOUNDING price, and if you have the RAM, unlike me, you shouldnt have to many issues if any at all. I would highly recommend it to all gamers with a love for zombies. Buy, Install, and ENJOY my friends."
,Not Recommended,238430,10303582,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Lt.Static,♥♥♥♥♥game. total♥♥♥♥♥
76561198118320935,Recommended,238430,10395390,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,xNattefrostx,this game is alot of fun and can be very tatical if you have a good group to play with. this game is worth every penny.
,Not Recommended,238430,9838098,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,yea,"10 years since last contagion update, i wander the lonely streets in search of new maps but its hopeless. i try to forget about it and rp in police station but my path always leads to the alt f4. i browse pictures of the dev team drinking and having fun instead of releasing new maps but its all useless, i end up looking through the workshop at kawaii animu wallpapers and cry myself to sleep"
76561198050493469,Not Recommended,238430,31811629,Posted: 17 May,all,Yric,Dead Game. Nothing more to it.
,Recommended,238430,8031496,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Boriyy Type Alpha,"This game is so fun its unreal, the game-modes are fun, kill other players or survive together to escape, this game has it, it is basically the sequel to Zombie panic source, and its better than it, while the game is still in early access and beta there are some glitches, the most annoying is zombies glitching through doors and walls, but its expected and will most likely be fixed, with regular updates this game is worth the money, even if you die its not one of those wait until  the remaining survivors find a safe room, or even wait until the next round situations, you die, you come back as a zombie and you can hunt down the remaining survivors, if you die a lot as a zombie you become a cockroach just to run around the map, reminds me of zombie survival on Gmod where you become a crow when your spectating, this is amazing to play with friends, get a party together, get voice chat going and have fun, its very fun going on the PvP game mode, if you die you hunt your friends as a zombie and laugh as they curse at you for infecting them. Worth the money, if you don't have enough then just wait for the sales, chances are it will be on offer"
76561198067501327,Not Recommended,238430,13631796,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Chimp_Fiction,Honestly just download No  More Room in Hell its the same thing
76561197971166282,Recommended,238430,17975276,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,enrique,More people should play these slower paced Source Engine games.  I wasn't completely sold on this one until I played the Aurora Neighborhood hunt map.  It is so much fun and kinda reminds me how much fun hide and go seek was as a kid.  You can sneak around peoples backyard's breaking into houses and hunt down other survivors while being chased by zombies.  Its a really great design and worth checking out for that map alone.  Turn down the lights and the suspense will kill you as you are in the attic and you hear someone rummaging around beneath you.  Its slower paced than Left 4 Dead but that isn't a bad thing.  Take the time to get immersed and you will really enjoy this one
76561198019406622,Not Recommended,238430,17596960,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,GRILL WITCH is stealing yo grill,"I did enjoy a few hours playing this, but it becomes really boring real soon. Zombie Panic Source has a way greater replayability, so go grab that - it's free!With this, they were announcing the DLC coming right from the start, but it took over a year to complete. No updates, nothing."
,Not Recommended,238430,18464445,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,dzx,"Meh.......its, well....eh.Update: Buggy, Laggy, had promise but is just lacking. Could have been much much more."
76561198063819519,Recommended,238430,7963459,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,FLAWED2K,มันส์โว้ยยยยยยยยยยยยยย !!! แต่ไม่มีเพื่อนเล่น D: SO SAD
,Recommended,238430,29580284,Posted: 29 January,all,Ariel,Well.. this is the game I can't play at night. People who like the horror feeling should try it out.
76561198103515540,Recommended,238430,18802808,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,FriendlyRaider,"I can't say enough. Once you get into a Coop that has vocal and active people, the game is pure amazing, but if you get in a game with 16 ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ its like The Walking Dead and you're just watching your team mates get mauled by zombies. Very fun I would def recommend it. 8/8"
,Recommended,238430,18834191,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Roundaboot,"It's fun to play every once in a while, but can feel kind of boring to play after long sessions. Friends are definetly needed to get a long play out of this7.4/10"
,Recommended,238430,18849112,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Banana Man,"Possibly one of the most fun zombie PVP games out there.Its not perfect, but if you want to play a game thats fun and will entertain you for a long time, its worth the $209/10"
76561198061630565,Recommended,238430,18823239,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Gromit'sDeadUterus™,The game is fun. It has its bugs. Sometimes it crashes but that rarely happens.
76561198192281967,Not Recommended,238430,22366698,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,CoAsT JoK3r-Qc-,this game looks preathy cool in the video but nobody is playing that game the graphic are not bad but it not worth 10$
76561197980386794,Recommended,238430,9537401,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,DeatH_Bringer,"ALL ANYONE DOES IS TEAM KILL. I cantfind a single server where people are actually working together (unless its two friends who team up for team killing parteners) Overall I like the game, however the players who know the map quickly make there way to the good weapons and then camp and team kill. I understand that being able to kill everyone is an important dynamic to realism, BUT in the dedicated Contagion servers there should be admins who can boot constant team killers. Another thing is that when a player is killed he/she respawns far away from the action, often on the other end of the map, this makes it almost impossible for a revenge kill. I understand the reasoning behind this is so people dont spawn kill, BUT there should be more spawn points and spawning closer to the area where you were killed. I am recomending this game cause it is fun to play and addictive, and I think with more players there may be more structured gameplay as in HL2DM. Also ignore the ram warning at the biginning of the game, it doesnt prevent you from playing, if you have at least 4 gigs ram that is."
,Not Recommended,238430,33095153,Posted: 1 July,all,Krit.,"Could have been great, but the devs failed to execute."
,Recommended,238430,20864056,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Blazk0,"Its like No More Room in hell, but a bit slower. Aiming is a bit clunky.Some weapon models and skins could be revistited... Overall, it's a good game with replay value. CAn't wait for more DLC Content."
76561198004635653,Not Recommended,238430,24902918,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Groo the Wanderer,Crap
76561198096178545,Not Recommended,238430,29450497,Posted: 23 January,all,Tman,"♥♥♥♥ this game, aiming is janky as ♥♥♥♥ and it's repetitive as hell. Do NOT buy this waste of money"
,Recommended,238430,16948103,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,☮✌Cloud☮✌,Awesome game. Try it for yourself
76561198072608914,Recommended,238430,33960489,Posted: 1 August,all,Jow,"Contagion is a multi-arcade zombie survival.Pros:It does it's job well. Zombies feel impactful. They die easily with one cap to the dome, but if you get overwhelmed by 3 or 4? You're screwed. A style of zombie play that some may not like, but I enjoy very much. The guns are cool and diverse for the ones that are in the game, and are fun to shoot. Melees are fine mechanic wise, but useless in game unless you've run out of ammo. The diffrent game modes are fun in their own right but one is much better then others. Hunted gamemode is super fun, super creative and a lot diffrent then all zombie games. I loved this gamemode. Combat with other players is smooth and the zombies in the arena just makes it better.The Cons:The only take away is that no one plays this game, and I mean NOBODY. Constaly will have zero servers to play on, no one playing. It's a shame.Also zombie abilitys are SOOO stupid."
76561198093405783,Recommended,238430,34980040,Posted: 15 September,all,FoxyInTheShadows,"Fun Left for dead type survival game! Got few hours out of it, shame DEV's kinda let it DIE excuse the pun!"
,Not Recommended,238430,11906618,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Tolmat JP,no more room in hell is better and free on steam. wish i hadn't bought this.
76561197986726025,Not Recommended,238430,11906502,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,[RIP] Spanky,DO NOT BUY THIS GAME! Even on sale it's not worth it! Save your money it's not worth the 5 euros.
,Not Recommended,238430,7857751,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Shaun,"I do understand that this is an early access game, which is why I rather would not have this negative vote but instead more towards a neutral vote.I wouldn’t recommend buying this game ever for $15 (their current full price) unless or until it gets some heavy updates, to be honest the quality of the game feels like it should be a free to play game or wait for this game to be on 75-90% sale if you want to try this game.I think it’s nice that there’s a nice bunch of characters with a backstory at the start of the game to choose from, graphics are not bad either, and the trailer definitely makes you want to give this game a go lol.However To simply put it, the gameplay experience was not fun at all, there needs a lot more work on the map design, animation, GPS routing, lots of bugs and everything just does not feel smooth/fluid. Also I experienced long loading times, and this game does not like you ALT tabbing (Might just be on my side). I am disappointed since I got hyped up from the trailer and the game did not deliever.I do hope they’ll fix all the problems, and also if you are going to charge money for this game keep in mind the competitors/rival zombie co-op survival games you guys must compete with and make this a success.Wish you guys all the best."
76561198015588510,Not Recommended,238430,13610234,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Private Pike (Dads Army),"I was banned for 24 hours in making a statement based on Metacrytics anaylaysis and also on the games  performance.I guess this would have possibly affected their sales performance seeing as it was on sale on steam. I was undecided in purchasing this game but based on their response decided NOT to purchase.I have read about the lack of the devs support to which they took it personally ,what I suggest is support those who pay your income ,and stop banning people who wish to express their opinions on a game.I thought we lived in a world of free speech but it appears all you think of is $$$$.I hope people who read this do not purchase your game or support you ."
,Not Recommended,238430,11910446,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,MrAgator99 B.Kyūseishu,this game is a♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,238430,9792646,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,GamerKnight332,there are donuts but i dont think you can eat them
,Not Recommended,238430,9818594,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Kozzy-New Curb Your Enthusiasm!,"One of the only Early Access games I wish I didn't buy, very boring. If you really want to play a zombie game check out some of the other games that are much better. Which ones you ask? Well I will list some I have enjoyed ALOT more than this game:- Project Zomboid- Left4Dead- DayZ- 7 Days To Die- Resident Evil 1-4- State of DecayI have loved plenty of Early Access games, such as Divinity Original Sin, The Forest, Prison Architect, Kerbal Space, Wasteland2, ARMA3, etc...  but this game here is just not very good at all. I wouldn't say its the worst game ever, but it is just not as good as I was hoping, I have zero fun on this game. Oh well, 20/21 for early access/kickstarter games is pretty good. Stay away from this one!"
,Not Recommended,238430,10635418,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,the black guy always dies first,"This game is the new Bad Rats, except it's 3 times more expensive. The night I bought this game, I felt as if my wallet was anally penetrated 15 times. Which is how many dollars I paid for this garbage. It's terrible, and the devs are even worse, the game has like, 2 maps. The netcode is♥♥♥♥♥♥ the gunplay is terrible, and etc. Overall, it's nowhere near worth $15, even with the sale right now, which has it going for $5. This is one of those games you buy for your friends as a joke on April fools. Please, just THINK before buying, I made a mistake. And I hope nobody else does."
,Recommended,238430,12532899,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Alias Old,"Good game, like competetive Left for Dead. Lagged alot for me though."
76561198030096654,Not Recommended,238430,17799953,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,noma,it really sucks i played it twice and its♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,238430,12562523,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Rouji4256,"Incompleted game advertised as completed.Have a laptop with 4 gb ram and 2 gb vram and it says I do not have enough memory, the error message includes ""Contagion Beta"" which is the state the game itself is in.Only recommended if you don't treat this game seriously and play with a bunch of friends who are just trying to have fun doing funny and redundant♥♥♥♥♥♥which isn't in the game in the first place."
,Recommended,238430,7859739,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Venom462 @ Twitch,"Ignore all the haters & trolls, i was a bit sceptical about this game at first but it kicks♥♥♥♥♥ even for a beta, there so much playability here, and some people do a bit of roleplay in the maps, which is nice to see, in a world where zombie games are a dime a dozen, this game is excellent and has a lot of potential"
,Recommended,238430,7832258,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,JakeArtistIV,Dis game doe...I never played it i stuk at loading screenfun loading screensworth $15dem loading screensmake me ooooobuyGame of the Year ♥♥♥♥♥Hooah!
,Not Recommended,238430,18281332,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Seth Parker,"Trash.Generic supposed ""realistic"" zombie survival game. Honestly, don't waste $20 on this game like the idiot I was, just get the free game ""No More Room in Hell"", it's way better.I don't even know what to say, it looks terrible, the maps are lame, and just don't get it is all I want to say.I hate this game."
,Recommended,238430,18033598,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Toastmaster 1B14,"A wonderful, yet challenging, new twist to zombie shoot'em ups. The weapon mechanics are fun and diverse across the many different firearms, and playing with character voices on really gives you a more emersed feeling, as who you're playing as has much more of a personality as a human being, desperate to stay alive. The trailer makes it sound incredibly round based, but I beg to differ. Each playthrough of escape, for example, can take an average of half an hour. It's less of a ""round"", more of an adventurous experience, in a world that has fallen to chaos. Each map really shows how dark the apocalypse really is, with each level littered with blood pools and body bags, police cars and ambulances, death and disease. My only possible complaint is that this would be more fun if it were more of a survival experience, having to manage your own needs as a survivor, as well as defending your long-term shelter. The sound system could use some work, but something like that is hard to do.All in all, a wonderful, yet tragic, game.Also, I still haven't found that darn coin."
,Recommended,238430,7980520,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Cosmo,"Played the game for few hours, I LOVE IT!First of all the zombies are kinda diffrent from other games, The animation, The speed of the zombies feels so real!But sometimes the zombie AI is kinda stuck but i'm sure that they will fix it.As a survivor the game is really fun, Even if the game isn't survival open world, It feels really good, You want find guns, You want find ammo, If you don't you will be dead if no one is there to save you.For now the game offers 3 maps, really diffrent from each other, They promised free contant (Maps, Mods) so i'm not worried.The game offers 3 game modes, Haunted, Extraction and escape,Haunted is a FFA match with zombies its really fun and what adds for it that you can hear where campers camp, If you close to a player you can send him a message through your phone and you will hear his phone, Bang! you found him.Extraction is a mode that you have to save survivar how many as you can, If your survivars die you lost, It's kinda fun but afterwards its starting to be little boring.Escape is a mod that you have to escape from prison with diffrent kind of objectives, Like pick up the keys, Open that, Extinguish the fire, But if you finish the map several times, Most likely you won't want to do that again, If they will add more Escape maps ill be happy because its great mode!The is really really fun, But there is one problem, Being zombie, It's not fun, It's annoying if they will add more stuff to the zombie like XRAY atleast to know where the survivors, For now it's just not fun, You spawn away from the survivors and you have to guess where to walk or hear gunshots it will help you alot I hope they will do something with it.Overall I recommend this game for full price.You should buy it and give some money to the devs because they did great job!"
,Not Recommended,238430,10011976,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Death of Sumocrap,"Do not ever even think this is a game worth buying. It is terrible. Just terrible. From the lighting engine to the damage model; On every conceivable level, it is flawed, broken and boring. Contagion had the potential to be a fine wine. But instead, it has been left to stagnate for too long and now it is like vinegar. It can only be used to make other things seem better in comparison."
,Not Recommended,238430,11847983,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,G.H.A.Z.I,BAD BAD BADTHIS TYPE OF INDIE GAMES ITS JUST REALESED TO GAIN MONEY WITHOUTANY QUALITY OR HARD WORK
76561198171253321,Not Recommended,238430,18479356,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Russian,This game is a waste of time when i buyed it i couldn't get it to work and anyone reads this comment DO NOT BUY THIS GAME it's a waste of money and i WANT MY MONEY BACK
,Not Recommended,238430,9952162,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Sector Z,"Contagion is not what is advertised, let me explain.If you can get the game started with all aspects of it running, you will soon find a lack of maps to play on. Both with only 1 or 2 missions able to be played. It is boring and lacks content."
76561198145191931,Recommended,238430,12709433,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,A Flying Dog,good
,Recommended,238430,13637573,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,my sons playing,"Contagion[First Review]Its  a pretty good, Actually really good zombie games with all the features u expect in a zombie game including gore, bits and pieces flying around etc. that make u panic and spooked.One of my Favourite zombie gamesI recommend"
,Not Recommended,238430,9958882,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,yeahiknow3,"I'm not sure this game could be any worse, actually."
76561198033163113,Not Recommended,238430,11890657,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,NSK209,Worst game I have ever played.
,Not Recommended,238430,11772635,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,salxicha,"I got this game during a promotion on Early Access. At that time it was a fine piece of crap. Nothing worked, bad animations and the light from the pistol had awful effects.Back to the game several months after its official release date and seems that I'm playing the Beta but with things working andt he light effect continues worse than HL2.The community who are playing this are misteriouly awesome! All willing to help and playing cooperatively.I can't recommend this game since the only thing capable of saving it from utterly disgrace are tons of mods."
,Recommended,238430,8815247,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Psykotik,"A game that I liked from the start. Once I started playing this I felt like I was actually in a real apocalypse. This game really teaches me to conserve my ammo (I can't stress enough how many times I've died because I used up all the ammo). Over time, I got scared of playing single player, so I tried multiplayer. Let me tell you, it is so fun playing with other people. There are different maps with different game modes. The game mode I like best is PvP since I can easily kill other survivors without feeling guilty. The best part about the game is the atmosphere it provides. You'll feel intimidated at times, you'll feel crazy when you play alone, and most of the time you'll just feel like giving up. I wouldn't say the game itself is scary, but it does have some horror aspects put in it. If you want a good ol' fashioned zombie outbreak game with realistic features, buy Contagion. The price is worth it. $15 for an awesome game? I wouldn't even hesitate to buying it."
,Not Recommended,238430,9983807,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,=T$ECore= Na'Ryan,"Don't bother.Multiplayer is dead.Get invite to join a game... ""Game status is unavilable""Guess that's why multiplayer is dead.Total waste of money."
76561198043069383,Not Recommended,238430,12627571,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Big Snake Oil,"I've only played contagion a little so far, and All I have to say is this: It's got the bones of a good zombie game, but it lacks personality. It doesn't feel like a unique game, it feels like a generic zombie shooter. You know when in a movie people are playing a bland-looking zombie shooter game? They're playing contagion. It's got good elements, it's got bad elements, but it lacks the personality to make it memorable and make you want to come back for more. If you want a good multiplayer zombie game that will drag you back for more, go buy left 4 dead."
,Not Recommended,238430,10987670,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,hoppels,"A friend of mine convinced me and another friend to buy this game. They stated ""It'll be fun, it looks awesome"". It wasn't fun. It wasn't awesome.Thanks Keri."
76561197983478468,Recommended,238430,11364125,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Dr. Doctor,"Very good game, especially for the money.The graphics are top notch when it comes to lighting and reflections; I was very impressed by them. Textures are decent and the animation isn't very good, but when considering the size of the dev group, I think they're totally acceptable.The game has a lot to offer for 20$. There weren't as many maps whe the game first retailed (retail, not early access), but they've done good work and put in plenty enough maps to keep you occupied.There's a game mode called hunted that is very different for a zombie game but totally fun. It's human vs human, with zombies in between. The objective is to kill all other humans while becoming the last to live. Most important, however, is that there is no wait between play. When you die, you become a zombie instead of spectating. And you also get to control your own group of zombies through special skills.However, if this sounds unappealing to you, you'll probably like the escape mode. It's your traditional objective based gameplay where you must follow the hints to escape the map and the impending hordes of zombies. There's lots of shooting, zombies, and teamwork, the three essentials for a zombie game.All in all, this game is worth the buy."
,Recommended,238430,10402353,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Fry The Brain,"Serial Killing Simulator, 2014.10/10"
,Not Recommended,238430,10853405,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Mr. Turtle The Wall Builder,Meh.
76561197985199121,Not Recommended,238430,10143027,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Memberberry,To be honest the Source Mod was much more fun and finished than this is at the moment might be a good game in quite some time but right now its rly not great.
,Not Recommended,238430,11568882,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Wednesday,"HEY KIDS! Can't get enough of camping and waiting for people to walk by you for that easy kill in Call of Duty? ME EITHER! That's why you should buy CONTAGION! Where you can; Sit in a corner and wait for people to walk by! Wait forever for a match! BUT WAIT, THERE'S MORE. Oh wait..There isn't. This game is♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,238430,10706927,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Vyktar,"I joined a server and all the male zombies were in the T-pose.You win SJW's, 10 out of 10."
,Recommended,238430,11212633,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Reaper ☬ Dreamz™,it's a free open world sandbox like garry's mod 2 but with a lot of lollipops
,Not Recommended,238430,15778051,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Sportsfreak,This game if just a bad HL2 mod. It's not worth 20$ it's a 5$ game. Wait for a sale or use♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,238430,12316542,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Vangel™,This crap of a game crashed and burned my stsem within seconds. Hanged screens all over and a forced reboot. It's like the experimental 90s returned. FTS
,Not Recommended,238430,18393062,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Ninja's Sword,"There is no tutorial on what is this what to do with each map, people dont really help and you die easily if you are a beginner."
,Not Recommended,238430,18534558,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,✠Dovar✠,"I bought this game back when it was Early Access and its now one of the reasons why i avoid Early Access in any way possible because this game only got worse over the time and the Devs promised stuff that was never implementedThis review is completely subjective and only resembles the experience i had with it- Extremely Dull graphics- Disgusting Lens effect when flashlight is activated(can be disabled by putting ""Post Processing"" on low, but it should be a seperate option)- Boring Gunplay- Exploration doesnt feel rewarding- not many people play this,  the few that do are mostly ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s this of course resembles my experience with the playerbase- ""Escape"" maps are incredibly bad, you are running around and need to escape something because reasons(a little bit of story would have been nice) while you're at it you need to find keys or boltcutters that spawn randomly somewhere on the map and are not highlighted in any way until you are almost standing on them, its incredibly easy to overlook them and the map layout is..... confusing to put it mildly you have absolutely no freakin idea where to go- ""Extraction"" is♥♥♥♥♥♥ you need to help npc survivors escape from zombie hordes, i didnt play much of it because i found it to be incredibly dull- ""Hunted"" is the best gamemode in this game, but its still bad. terrible hitboxes + ♥♥♥♥♥♥ animations + 8Players + Zombies + dull maps + PvP = Hunted- Overblown systemrequirements, long loading times, fps drops, all in all bad performance on a system where this should run like butter(no i wont open a troubleshooting thread because i already had really bad experiences with the devs once and i dont want anything to do with those -------- )- Only one Zombie type- When you die you become a zombie aaaand the zombie plays even worse than a survivor most of the abilities dont even function properly- The Sound Design is decent and sometimes a little scary but thats about itNeat idea, terrible execution, avoid it, if you want a nice zombie coop game get Killing Floor or Left 4 Dead instead."
,Not Recommended,238430,16265553,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Mayor Milo,This game was alright at first. It felt like Zombie Panic: Source met No More Room in Hell and had a baby. And that would be a good baby... if the caretakers took care of it.
,Not Recommended,238430,18606847,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Fisherman Joe,A slight engine upgrade from Zombie Panic: Source with less content.
76561198044743594,Recommended,238430,18363231,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,prionisin,in my opinion this is an awesome game alot of people that like this game dont message positive notes because we dont see the need to but if people like zombiegames that involve halfting to shoot a zombie in the head to properly kill then play this
76561198067271076,Not Recommended,238430,11908847,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Smash Or Pass,Their ♥♥♥♥♥♥ internet connection♥♥♥♥♥♥makes me not reccomend this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥PLUS same ♥♥♥♥ing maps....boring piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥No more room in Hell is better why did I waste money for this♥♥♥♥♥
76561198034251309,Recommended,238430,12692346,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Skrammbles,Best Zombie Apocalypse shooter that I have ever encounterd.
,Not Recommended,238430,13773582,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Don Fiore,It just sucks.
,Not Recommended,238430,9821819,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,iAMl3dgend,This game is pathetic
,Not Recommended,238430,10029221,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Janksty,"Contagion is another Hl2 mod basicallyI think this game should actually be free because there is barely any difference between this and no more room in hell!And after its final realease its still buggy as hellI do not recomend this game, if your willing to pay 18.99€, buy l4d instead which looks better and has barely any bugs in it and you can connect to a server without your whole game crashing!!!Although this game is fun at points it makes you bored very easily.My rating 3/10"
,Recommended,238430,25388541,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,forgiv,Finally a game with realistic zombies! It's like Left4Dead with zombies that make sense!My only wish is that they would make ammo more scarce.
,Recommended,238430,9555824,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,cum,This is the equivelent to Butt-clenching:The Game.
,Recommended,238430,12404830,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,fartsballs,this game is contagious I have cold careful :(
,Recommended,238430,34072842,Posted: 6 August,all,aronoco,One of the best zombie games I have ever played... I don't understand why people are getting angry when the game is done. Stop complaining and giving the game bad ratings because you cant stop crying and want to ruin it for the rest of us.
,Not Recommended,238430,8267092,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Proud Blackman,"zombies scare the crud out of me, so i'm gonna have to give this a 0/10"
76561198057888892,Recommended,238430,7846452,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,AshikinBliss,"Contagion is a Team based/PvP zombie survival game with elements of Left 4 Dead and Dead Island.So I was going into this game with high hopes and well I must say I am truly impressed, Realistic gunplay, Suttle but creepy environments, Death following you around every corner. It's a super riveting Game that I cant stop playing, It ticks alot of boxes and won't fail to impress a die hard fan of the zombie survival genre.This game still has rough edges ( still being a beta and all ) But the final product will be truly amazing.A recommendation from AshikinBliss.I hope this review helped you make the right descsion. Thanks :)"
76561197971612524,Recommended,238430,10038853,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,.Dandun,"Great game, only has 1 map and no updates in over a year.10/10 would waste my money again."
,Recommended,238430,9344765,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,[RISE]Paladin,a brilliant game with many scares but plenty of ammo. dont fear death though as its another begining. do what you can to survive (so fear death) use melee weapons  and urrrr fire extinguishers? ok then. well its no saints row for melee weapons but when you get that brilliant shotgun to the body....... you'll be treated. 5 stars
,Not Recommended,238430,32861528,Posted: 27 June,all,Sweet Revenge,THE GAME CANNOT BE PLAYED!!!
,Recommended,238430,26362962,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,✪ __,n tenho
76561198010457352,Not Recommended,238430,13715829,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Neuro,"And I thought ZPS was dead... There's only a handful of servers with people in them and this so-called ""Spiritual successor"" to ZP:S is an absolute disappointment.  Trash."
,Not Recommended,238430,15813939,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Decay,"Well.... I thought this would be awesome, but im actually very dissapointed. I was hoping that it was a lot cooler, than what it actually are, im not sure what makes this ""bad"" I just dont like it!"
,Not Recommended,238430,16462840,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,masterwriter42,"Don't bother with this one if you mostly plan on playing simple player. Mission instructions are vague at best and useless at worst, especially when you need them the most, and they're always on the phone screen in your hand which can lead to you getting trapped while trying to interpret what it's telling you. Taking damage causes the camera to do this overexadurated jerking motion that's really hard on the eyes, makes my head hurt. The graphics have a few nice gimmics and the core mechanics of the game are adequate if clunky, but there are much better feeling zombie games on Steam, and don't you think you deserve better? I only wish it hadn't taken as long as it did to realize this purchase was a mistake. If you have to get it, get it on sale, because there are free Half-Life 2 mods that are more enjoyable than this."
76561197987149875,Not Recommended,238430,17727121,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Elemeno.,"uninstalled after a few games,gameplay was slow and unrealistic,zombies hit you and you turn into a zombie.........clues around maps arent clear, spent many hours looking in the wrong directions until i noticed my phone helped more than i realised (game doesnt hint you with this )everything feels slow and sluggish and game itself is kinda boring..i expressed my feelings to a dev about what could improve it and they banned me from forum and deleted my post...GG .gg...."
76561197975566044,Not Recommended,238430,18734144,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,ZeKe,"I got this game back when it was released. It was fun and offered a new experience in the zombie killing genre. Unfortunately I do not recommend this game. Why? There has been 4 maps since this game was released 2 years ago and there are STILL only those four maps (maybe a fifth one that I haven't played yet). The Zombie's hitboxes are still the same so they can bob and weave to easily kill survivors because their model's heads go all over the place (talking about player zombies here). There really hasn't been much depth added to this game at all. There has been what? A BOW , a SCARH, and a shotgun added to the game? Look at their update history. The devs spent half a year TALKING about releasing DLC only to come out with ""new characters"" and the map. They spent more time doing cash grab ""deals"" at Humble Bundle than actually working on the game. When the DLC finally came out it was no wonder why people were♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ They just added texture models and guns, BRAVO! Instead of adding, I dunno MORE MAPS onto the actual ♥♥♥♥in game to make it more expansive? Why bother implementing 20 character models when you run around the same park every 2nd map rotation. Very disappointed in you Contagion devs, Zombie Panic is STILL better and that game offered us a chance to create our own maps without needing fancy new character skins. Oh yea and there's talk about how the devs don't even remotely listen to people in their own forums and delete posts for constructive criticism. Bunch of toddlers if you ask me."
76561197986919644,Not Recommended,238430,18748996,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Wilm,"It's a fun little game, but its a bit skimp on content and the community is just far too small to recommend. I would suggest purchasing the game only on sale due to the added effect of temporarly boosting the player base before it inevitably plummets near the dead-zone in the following week or two."
76561198165889233,Not Recommended,238430,21167572,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Mr. Pluto,uninstall works greatthank gaben for the new refund system
76561198107152717,Not Recommended,238430,23145269,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,HotFrost,this game is no not the best not close at all1.this game can be verry repetive with its game modes an limited weapons2.the player zombies can be hard to kill and eazly wipe out your squad3.some of the places are way to dark even with my gamma maxed4. it  is a kock off *of the fun better free game no more room in hell*
,Recommended,238430,28453591,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,VENUS,If No More Room in Hell had an actual studio developing it.6/10
,Not Recommended,238430,33205613,Posted: 3 July,all,Lighter,'Close that fu*king door' x999 timesOnly PvP in this game is fun.
76561198077868198,Not Recommended,238430,23492985,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Gonzo McGuffin,Trash game. do not buy
,Not Recommended,238430,26316242,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,RancorRevolver,"I cannot recommend a game that says that it has full controller support and does not work with EITHER of my XBox One controllers with the official Windows 10 adapters. It also says that it is splitscreen. It is not. A little word to developers on Steam, in fact, developers around the world. Splitscreen means that I can select a local co-op mode and play with my friends from my couch. Splitscreen DOES NOT MEAN IT IS A NIGHTMARE TO FIGURE OUT HOW TO START A 2-PLAYER GAME AND THEN AFTER THE NIGHTMARE IS OVER ANOTHER NIGHTMARE BEGINS WHERE THE CONTROLLERS WORK BUT EACH PLAYER ONLY HAS HALF THE CONTROLS. This kind of ripoff happens too often on here. ""Oh, the game is splitscreen. Oh...nvm mind. It's just another nightmare."" Cannot recommend. Will probably never play, but I already gave my girlfriend the second code because I got 4 copies for like $7 so it's not a huge waste, I guess. Still♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Thanks for ruining my day, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s."
76561197969749884,Not Recommended,238430,23506074,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Sarkoth,"Contrary to the Left 4 Dead series, this game has a lot more serious feel. Unfortunately the execution of its ideas make it a below average zombie shooter which resembles Left 4 Dead, but is more chaotic, more clunky and unfortunately a lot less fun."
,Recommended,238430,8381306,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Patch,"If you liked zombie panic you will most likely enjoy this game.Feels very smooth and looks very good, though the lack of maps is a bit of a drag(I assume this will not be much of a problem later when community maps start being made)This game feels a lot like just the good parts of DayZ to me, pretty big open maps with PVP and looting mechanics, but without the 5 hours of hiking to find someone to shoot you in the head.10/10, its alright."
76561198102917065,Recommended,238430,8236655,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Kappa Kid,"Pretty good game, really challenging - you really are forced to get headshots, otherwise you WILL run out of ammo. Definitely worth it on sale price"
76561198028171483,Recommended,238430,8029031,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Friendly,VERY AWESOME!but sometimes just has hackers that love to win ;( but the rest ITS AWESOME!!!
,Recommended,238430,12300308,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,dnlgjmnz,"I love Contagion. I've been playing since it was still in beta and boy is it great. Just my kind of zombie game, fun, not very easy to just know where all the enemies will be and the arenas as well as team battles are great! This game is very good considering it's an independent game and it can become pretty addictive. There are patches and updates coming out constantly. If you enjoy FPS zombie games that are a bit more realistic give this one a shot!"
76561198157932528,Not Recommended,238430,30578847,Posted: 17 March,all,Blackh20rascal,Worst game ever
76561197986981060,Recommended,238430,11908021,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,♥IdaChristine♥,Coolio game!: )
,Recommended,238430,20132983,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Jim,Awesome game! Hunted mode is best! Player VS Player VS Zombie is just madness!
76561198078483826,Not Recommended,238430,30209794,Posted: 26 February,all,NobleStorm,"They saw No More Room In Hell and capitilize with a imitation. Devs never said a word and are trying to filiter reviews now. The only challange you will find here is how to spawn with the most OP gun you can, the zombie won't bother you. You play as the most out off shape guy where running 50 feet gives you organ failure and jumping gives you a asthma attack. watch as everyone but you takes 5 shots to the chest as they get closer to one shot you with a rifle. The game DOES NOT LOOK AS NICE AS THE STORE PAGE. At max settings it looks like♥♥♥♥♥♥ NMRIH is on a older engine and looks alot better. Cash grab do not buy. At least the refunds work."
,Recommended,238430,18123181,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,It's Rakaii ツ,Well then never trust anybodyi was in a hunted sever and i was teaming up with someone theytried to act like they were along side with me untill then i was in the attic he climbed up with me and he shot me in the head with a shotgun im likeAw man cmonSIHT ETAR I11/9
76561198127799480,Recommended,238430,18158387,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Suffocated,I cant stress this enough.. this is a complete remake of ZPS which is a survival horror game from a few years back.. its got updated graphics new guns reworked maps and finally... ZOMBIE ABILITIES!!! I personally am having loads of fun with this game and ii think you will too if you liked the original game.
,Recommended,238430,18465270,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Billy Bob Besto,"This game deserves far more attention--and praise--than it gets. So much fun for such a small price. If played with at least one friend, that is.Tenouttaten"
,Not Recommended,238430,20468188,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,The Manager ✪,bad as ♥♥♥♥
76561198155217313,Not Recommended,238430,24966840,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,junekolo48,this game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ i have a pretty good computer and i still get 1 frame per second. unless you have a 2000 dollar pc dont buy this game
76561198121529213,Recommended,238430,16611771,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Niggook,"i really like this game it has good gun play,well optemised,great graphicsbut the down side about this game is it has TERRIBLE melee combat,very little servers online,and if a server is online its ALWAYS huntedbut besides all that its a great game to play with friends"
76561198170429359,Not Recommended,238430,20440499,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,zac.wellman,"Sucks when you want to play with friends, but everytime it keeps disconnecting. Not happy."
,Recommended,238430,16063802,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,An Abnormally Large Tortoise,"Contagion, the game where you can either play as Sonic the Hedgehog (Workshop) and kill zombies or be troll and hide the keys from your team-mates.Contagion is a very immersive game that focuses on gun gameplay and killing zombies. It has very strong pros, but has some major cons. Such as: animations are just plain aweful, isn't updated often (but it has been out for a couple of years). If any of you think this is a ""zombie survival"" game, just leave. Like, right now. It is a PvP or PvE game which can be played in two ways: 1) Be a helpful team-mate and help out your team or 2) Be an idiot and hide keys, steal guns and run-away from the team when they need you the most.Me and my friend, we are number 2 (not because we're♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ it's because it makes the team struggle and we can then steal their guns)... So basiclly, we are terrible team-mates. BUT! Don't let me persuade you into thinking all team-mates are like this, as only a 10% majority are. The rest are amazing and so fun to talk to (NO RUSSIANS! YAY).Contagion includes monents of awesomeness, sadness, scaryness and damn right ""how the ♥♥♥♥ did he do that"" moments. If you want a true scary experience follow these steps:Play on a solo server (or make one) on Stonecreek Valley and select hard. Play alone, or invite 1 friend.Once in, go to the basement and shoot the generator so all of the lights go out.Last of all, try and hide in a room and just use a flashlight when upstairs... It's like 'Slender' and 'Left 4 Dead' had a baby.So, my opinion BUY THIS GODDAMN GAME!"
76561198011029906,Not Recommended,238430,16684855,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Sativus Indicatus,"Worst zombie game ever. the graphics are good, but thats where it ends. Although i understand this was not meant to revolve around single player, a few tweeks could have made the single player aspect in this game awesome. zombie realism games are only really fun if there is some sort of realism to the game. problem # 1 this game has very little realism. most of the zombies you sneak by some how have a sixth sense about where you are. # 2 NEVER ENDING ZOMBIES IN AN INCLOSED AREA. Seriously? this is the most lazy way to make a game difficult. No game that wants to take itself seriously as a realistic game should ever have never ending ANYTHING! problem # 3 all single palayer levels have an activation sequence were something stationary makes a loud alarm sound. In reality  zombies should go to were the sound is coming from, but not this game. an activation sequence means ZOMBIES KNOW EXACTLY WHERE YOU ARE NO MATTER WHERE YOU ARE. no hiding will confuse them. Every time i decide to play this game i last about 20 min before i turn it off. So many other things wrong with this game but i will end it here. I shouldnt have to rely on multi player to make this game fun. I really feel bad for the makers of this game. they really screwed this up. Not to many games i wish i had my money back on."
,Not Recommended,238430,12275555,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,David,Felt like L4D without fun
,Not Recommended,238430,24315897,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Dark_Shart,This game is not that fun at all in my opinion. I tried to play but it just wasnt interesting. Its the same thing re made over and over. So many games are like this these days and it does nothing to be different
,Not Recommended,238430,24354669,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Mortem,Worst hitbox detection ever... Spray from 2m and only 20% hit.. My aim sucks i guess but after this many hours and still killing someone feels everytime like a lucky shot...Won't be bothering myself with this game no more.
,Not Recommended,238430,17778115,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,yeah,No.
,Recommended,238430,23733610,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,bananakin,i liked it
,Recommended,238430,8525327,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Tales From The Dark Side,"This game is potentially one of the best zombie shooters so far, They fixed and added to it all the things they promised, good job."
,Recommended,238430,28664989,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Barb Holland,"While this game needs some work, it's still a pretty fun game. With the inclusion of split screen, this game excited me even more. Just needs some more polishing!"
76561197979063250,Not Recommended,238430,17930883,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,leefs,"This game is terrible. There is never enough bullets and the gameplay itself is poor and clunky. The movement is slow and it's put together very bad. The worst part is that no one even plays this game anymore, the servers are completely empty. Do not buy."
76561198028692144,Recommended,238430,13634428,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,The87Rabbit,loving this game :)
,Recommended,238430,13760378,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,TheAnonyMormon,"Genuinely love this game. It's one of the most fun, most immersive zombie shooters I've played. The ideas for objective modes are completely new to me and the Steam Workshop adds so much more depth to it. Well done, Monochrome, well done."
76561198056665000,Recommended,238430,13643045,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,=D,"I noticed there is alot of dislikes on this product, but i think it is a good game and it is really fun to play.Sounds are really great and the video quility is good :) i Recomend this game to be checked out"
76561197974127850,Not Recommended,238430,13757596,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Lexe,Pro:+ Less arcade like other zombie shooter games+ Sounds are ok+ Graphics are okCon:- Gameplay is terrible: This is about surviving the zombie apocalypse as a group of survivors. In practise this game is about running around in the dark like headless chickens because random players don't help eachother at all and just run in any random direction. You're done after one or two maps.Conclusion:Don't spend your money for this steaming pile.
76561198133993630,Recommended,238430,14222469,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Little Kohai,10/10 would cower in small room and let everyone die again. ;3
76561198124291943,Not Recommended,238430,24656731,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,williammunny,not good
,Recommended,238430,18804116,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,1ce,"Awesome zombie apocalypse game, crazy gameplay and action"
,Not Recommended,238430,31796990,Posted: 16 May,all,AnimeEDM,When the game came out i loved it but im writing this in 2017 now and i can assure you the game is dead!..do not buy it!why?Yes i said the game is good.but there is no one left playing.yes you could play it in singleplayer?but it would be technically you in an empty MP game.this game is a multiplayer game that got abandonned by its developers.so as good as the game is ill have to dislike it due to the fact that at best you find 1 half full server.
76561198307844450,Recommended,238430,34281746,Posted: 16 August,all,ReeJayTheDeeJay,"Good game realistic. beautfifull gameplay and graphics, yea very good.Players say that ''Zombies are so fucing bad'' but it is very good actually.i give it a 10+/10!  :D"
,Recommended,238430,9582973,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,OddGreen,Zombies.5/5
,Recommended,238430,9827948,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,[Ninja Gorki] Jarl,"While still a bit graphics heavy, the game itself is fun and a good way to pass the time with friends. It allows players to cooperate together and even then, have players pitted against eachother in survival of the fittest."
,Recommended,238430,9819667,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Ylubz,"This game (in my opinion) is fun as in most game modes; extraction and escape, a lot of teamwork is needed and sharing is vital.Pros:- I dont have the best graphics card but with settings at low it still gives a good look to the game and in return gives decent performance (but it may not be the same on even less advanced PCs)- the zombies are like the typical resident evil-slow-but-dangerous-in-numbers kind of zombies (which is how I prefer zombies)- You can be a zombie and kill other live players (like in zombie panic source)- it is based off the zombie panic source engine so if you like that mod then this is somewhat similar.- zombie AI is clever as they will move to flankCons:- the player zombies are very OP (seriously I have taken out six people with one zombie before)- there are about a couple maps (3-4 but this does depend on the game mode you are playing aswell, NMRIH has custom maps so there are plenty more)- NPC zombies can be found in buggy areas.Overall I find this game very fun and a good challenge especially when I am using only a melee weapon, a lot of work has been put into this game as I will usually play periodically and there is usually a fair bit new content and the menu has been restyled and looks really cool. I think this game deserves plenty of credit for its features and hard work, and since I am a hardcore zombie gamer my natural instincts got me this game so I do recommend this game to any fans of the genre. Much better than WarZ or whatever it is called now, then again Herpes is better then that game"
,Recommended,238430,10552828,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Milton,"An amazing first person shooter. Everything a zombie game should be. Hours of entertainment with friends or alone in a dark room with headphones. Immersive, realistic and dynamic gameplay that just never stops being fun. The promises of free DLC content feels hopeful in times of large companies squeezing consumer pennies. Contagion delivers more enjoyable hours and better gameplay than most AAA's for a fraction of the cost. Zombie shooter fan but tired of arcade-style slaughter parties like Left 4 Dead or Dead Nation? This is where the real deal has been hiding all your life."
,Recommended,238430,14492913,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Yuichi is a Jap,"This game is great. If you like Left 4 dead you will love this game. It has more then 1 mode it has Hunter,Escape, and much more. In hunter you are in a free for all and have to kill every human and if you die you become a zombie. In Escape you must do all the objectives to live/leave.This game is very fun in general"
,Recommended,238430,21717586,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,billythewraith,I really enjoy playing this game. Not many people in the community but most people in it are very friendly!
,Recommended,238430,16128668,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Templar,"Great game, graphically wise i'd say the best of any FPS with zombies involved. You won't find these graphics in any other zombie game. The gore is great, and the whole atmosphere with the classic zombies is great. The game modes are great, even the Hunted game mode imo. Many complain about this game mode that there's just people walking around trying to kill each other but that's the whole point of this game mode! It's Deathmatch, in the survival world of Contagion.But don't think it's easy just to shoot someone you wander in to, the gameplay mechanics still force you to actually aim and control your shots, instead of just spraying n' praying.I came across this moment I once had in Hunted which reminded me of movie-like scenes, where this stranger came spraying at me with his AK 74U around 20 meters in front of me behind a fence, while I gave surpressing fire and we both walked sideways firing shots at each other, with me having a 9 mm pistol and obviously having a disadvantage weapon-wise. And at this one moment I decided to calmly aim for his head as I crouched, zombies around him, with my pistol while he just kept spraying like a maniac, and I ended up shooting him in the head. With zombies between us, in the dark city, this was one of the most epic moments I had so far in this game. The overall scenery in this game is somehow amazing and really hits the nail on the head for those of you who truly love zombie survival games and things alike.With that, it's epic as a zombie genre lover to actually decide to wander off while in a gunfight with a stranger, hiding in the bushes  and wandering off the city blocks, the house blocks, the piled abandoned cars, the government barricades etc etc hoping that stranger gets noticed by zombies and perhaps other strangers around, which will happen frequently, give you an advantage into getting away and finding new supplies again, and surviving. What this game is really about!!People who can't seem to get the hang out of this should rely more on actual tactics, like the one I just told you about.Really, people whining about the Hunted game mode should concentrate more on their own path while continuously watching their backs, then they will get much further and actually become able to be one of the last 3 players alive, and win the round. It's all about the TACTICS, which makes this game great as itself, because it's not just a simple shooter.All the other game modes are great too, and I've had tons of fun playthroughs on Escape for example, deciding where to hide out until extraction, while fighting off hordes of incoming zombies. And those zombies are aggressive even though they don't run! Some somehow still limb in quite a fast pace towards ya, so good aiming is a must. They're far more of a threat than the zombies in other known co-op zombie games. which really nails the pace the whole zombie genre is about. Slow zombies, yet the whole sphere is action paced.And those zombie hordes keep coming, so you better off sparing your ammo for the right heads to shoot, while scavenging for more.This game gives you movie-like experiences, and is a piece of art in itself. It reminds me a lot of all of those classic Romero zombie movies!Great game, AAA+ 10/10 in it's genre, 9.8/10 overall."
,Recommended,238430,21269615,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,BelugaV2,Fun For The Whole Family!
76561198071521270,Recommended,238430,16458831,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Frog,Best game ever
,Recommended,238430,9792152,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,♥Floofy Bellus♥,"An excellant zombie game, like a combination of Zombie Panic, and No More Room in Hell"
76561198112980197,Recommended,238430,9818926,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,DarkRiser15,It has a great deal of weapons and realistic like features to it. You can be the zombie or try to survive as a character you pick. It's a very great game in my perspective. I got it when it was a early release game and it was still awsome. Just like it's graphics. I recommend to get it!
,Recommended,238430,9824476,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,infamouskid,if you ever played ZPS. you will be very very pleased with this release. this is a zombie fps survival coop objective fps game all in one. the game is dark and immense and requires strategy and cooperation with discretion to survive or be sucessful.
,Recommended,238430,10570292,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,HaydenSpurling,this game is amazing
,Recommended,238430,8254291,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,LeFlou,"This is a very promising game. Multiple mods, multiple gameplays.I have a lot fun on it."
,Recommended,238430,10078803,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,xPandacea,So much fun with friends!! I recommend this game!!
,Recommended,238430,7490748,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,Sagie,Fun Fact: This game is underrated
,Recommended,238430,10667355,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Butter Name,This game is fun with friends and even better with friends
,Recommended,238430,16457915,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Breadboi,"It's one of those games that is really good and solid, but nobody ever plays it. Just one of those games."
76561197962736748,Recommended,238430,25061130,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Tony Money,"This game should be free-to-play.  Then maybe people would actually play it.  The game is a ghost-town.  It's a shame, because it's actually a really good game, but nobody plays it."
76561198140422137,Recommended,238430,23122587,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,I have 7gb of Hentai In A folder,Enjoyable
76561198127441800,Recommended,238430,18934948,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,JabaTheHutt,10/10 good zobies  game!
,Recommended,238430,12374737,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,SiiliMies,Amazin game 5/5
76561198175487047,Recommended,238430,28839954,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,B l o o d y B l u n t s,This game bomb as ♥♥♥♥. 8/8 m8 would d8 a8
,Recommended,238430,16464824,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Inventor,is good
76561198091768288,Recommended,238430,30207168,Posted: 26 February,all,Tytykeys,"Much Scary, Much Fun"
,Not Recommended,238430,28277000,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Ash Jäger,"Do not buy this, this game is literally a waste of time and patience, There is no fun at all. Just hair pulling bullcrap"
76561197995545850,Recommended,238430,14111443,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,lkyhoon,this is f@@king awesome game!!꼭 세일기간에 사세요!!!칭구랑 꼬드겨서 같이 사세요
,Recommended,238430,23736606,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,n1ck,"Weird as fk zombie game, but its amazing. Its a zombie game with a semi-campaign mode."
,Recommended,238430,17653991,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,CROW4CHINA,"this is penultimate to all of its competitors i recomend you 400,000 dollars into contagions stocks. in 20 seconds you will have a net profit of 20 million dollars."
,Recommended,238430,8264152,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Shim Sham Blim Blam,totally worth the sale price
76561198032404842,Recommended,238430,8425880,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Rubberbutt,"Okay, now THIS is survival horror.  6 hours, probably 4 of which were spent on the escape mode, and it doesn't lose that atmosphere. Run and gun? No that would be run in and die horribly. Hunted mode is more your typical kill everything that moves shooter style pvp(that I have little desire for) but over all, the game is a fresh and interesting change from what's been coming out in recent years. It's slower paced than Left 4 Dead, but needs to be, as you need to evaluate, plan, aim, and conserve ammo the whole time. If there was a stronghold/fortifications building mode too? this would be my zombie game for years and years to come. As it sits, I think this will be replacing L4D2 and Killing Floor as my zombie splattering go to for the foreseable future."
,Recommended,238430,8818342,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,MrJJuK,"Awesome game felt very immersed in the gameplay, cant wait for more content to role out for it good if you want to solo it or play with friends. Worth the money you pay :)"
76561198085672277,Recommended,238430,10212791,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOL,I recommend this gamefor open world players and people who just like killing zombies and surviving them
,Recommended,238430,11004054,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Saif,"I haven`t played the game for too long, but i have experience playing other games about zombies. This game amazes me by its realistic activity. It is possible to get completely absorbed in the atmosphere of the game and imagine the zombie apocylypse indeed. All the situations seem quite realistic and exciting - its hard to kill zombies, takes time to reload and it`s hard to find weapons, ammo and medkits, which can`t be said about some games. The game changes every time, and it never gets boring. Also playing as an infected in the game also has new features and unique possibilities. I do really enjoy the game as it`s scary, realistic and exciting."
76561198086606445,Recommended,238430,11161936,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,ThatOneHappyGuy,Best co-op zombie survival!!!
,Recommended,238430,16488394,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,The Tunable Sausage,"I am not sure what all the bad reviews are about.  I will review the game, not the attitude of the developer.  Developers have lives and sometimes don't get around to doing everything on time.  How would you feel if you spend all of your time developing a game and then all you get in return is complaining and nasty reactions by entitled children who don't have the ability to make games themselves?  You would get pretty upset pretty quickly, and thats a fact (four years of customer service taught me that).  Besides, its under new management now.Anyway, I bought Contagion while it was still in Alpha and I have always had a great experience with it.  Multiplayer escape maps can be challenging, as good communication amongst your squad members is a definite necessity.  This is also the case for extraction, but less so as there are far fewer goals to achieve other than rescuing survivors.  The hunted maps are a lot of fun on full servers, and the enjoyment almost increases with fewer players as it becomes a game of cat and mouse.I have had hours of fun on LAN or over skype calls with my friends and have never regretted buying this game.  Sure, there are a few bugs occasionally, the hitboxes can be a bit sketchy sometimes, but that comes with the territory of designing a game that relies on headshots for kills (i.e. its not easy).  Its a good buy full price but a real steal on sale.  I am looking forward to the continued updates."
,Recommended,238430,16779303,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Lord Fizzy,I've had a blast playing this with my friends and it's one of my favorite zombie games ever. The co-op maps have a nice classic horror atmosphere to them and can offer an enjoyable challenge with huge hordes of zombies. The panick you get when trapped by a horde of 30 zombies is a quite unique experience. And it feels like a great accomplishment the few times you manage to survive and escape a map. The pvp is also really fun and it can be difficult having to worry not only about other players but also zombies.
,Recommended,238430,8041829,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Raven800,"Why have you not bought this game?I recommend this game to anyone who likes survival horror games where ammo is scarse and team work is key to surviving. This game has 3 game modes; Escape, Extraction and Hunter (pvp)  with Escape and Extraction being great coop mode games with objectives to complete, and if a player dies they become a zombie to harras the remaining survivors with other zombies which makes the game that much more interesting and challenging. This game is a must have as it doesn't copy any of the mainstream title like L4D or Killing Floor. It is a ZOMBIE survival game meant to be played with caution and teamwork, and if that's something you like, then get this game. For an early beta build I'm impressed by what I see and I thinkg you won't regret it."
76561198050493223,Recommended,238430,7505685,"Posted: 28 October, 2013",all,Ossified,"Contagion is a great game! I can't wait for it to be out of Early Access, I believe this game has huge potential."
,Recommended,238430,7903160,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Merc,I haven't had this much fun with my friends ever!
,Recommended,238430,8753429,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,jrog,uhhhhhhhhhhhhh zombies :c
,Recommended,238430,8794773,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,dot | .Tyronneé,"This is very good game 10/10 pls get, early access will be very good xDD"
76561198036258190,Recommended,238430,10313519,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Chanto,good
,Recommended,238430,10280786,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,mSUPERg,"Really great game, hugely co-op."
,Recommended,238430,10946642,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,TrapsAreGay,"Finally a zombie game that does zombies right, despite some bugs. Occasionally they will get themselves stuck on a street sign or crouch awkwardly but they are dumb zombies after all so I give them slack.The lighting and audio is great.The amount of ammo is just enough where you will run out if youre trigger happy but always have enough if you use wisely. Sometimes though it seems like 1/4 of your shots are duds: perfectly aimed shots will somehow miss.Also as said by many already there should be more maps.Zombie players are simply overpowered if they know what they are doing, they move too fast and deal damage too fast. Too many times I had to play dodge the bullet with a player zombie, and lost half the time. Keep a shotgun or automatic for them.Melee weapons are a bit wonky. Keep distance while using and only use right click, left click appears to be useless as it takes about 10 hits for a kill, while right click takes 1 or 2.In short, great concept and look, but needs some work. I think they may have released it a bit early, but they are still working on it. Only buy if it's your cup of tea. Please note the date of this review as things may change in the future."
,Recommended,238430,12239340,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,CatMan,this games is a vary good game
,Recommended,238430,7887573,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Sandy,So good a game. Much very different the not same as nomore rom in hell
,Recommended,238430,8045558,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Rob Jones,Most realistic zo mbie game around now
,Recommended,238430,8342395,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Panda1018,"Pretty stable and fun game for early access. Reminds me of l4D, at least the escape gamemode. Would like to see more maps, as i excpect to see since its still in development. Hunted gamemode is also pretty fun, i dont think its incorporated yet, but i would also like to see a team vs team version of hunted. Overall, good game, worth the $2.47 bucks (was on sale, but i would say its worth the original price as well)."
76561198090976554,Recommended,238430,8848783,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Corbin,probably one of the bes t indie games ive ever played low cost lots of fun
76561197995467798,Recommended,238430,7919294,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Grand Nagus Quark,"ZP:S meets the Left4Dead franchise and both grow up a bit. That's what this game is. A great beta, and I do not doubt it will be a fantastic game.I'd like to see more emphasis on survival, but it seems this game centers largely around the multiplayer experience (which is pretty solid). I don't have a problem with that, I'd only prefer additional emphasis on survival.Wouldn't regret purchasing this even at the full price of $14.99. Good job, guys.EDIT: The game has now been released in its 'full release' version. They've added a few maps, several weapons, changed zombie AI, and tons and tons of other things. They've added difficulty levels too - it's very possible to turn up the difficulty, grab a gun, and go wandering the streets of Barlowe Square. You'll do well for a while, get lost or disoriented, and die a terrifying death cornered by a pack of zombies - a scene straight out of your favorite zombie movie. Infection is now a serious concern as well, and because of that, you'll probably find yourself looking for ways to avoid a fight. It feels so 'right,' in fact, I'm considering petitioning the devs for the option to use a firearm to commit suicide...Hey, it's better than then becoming zed."
76561198107017389,Recommended,238430,23635935,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,IamYourBoss,am i too observant?? they make the trailer longer abit lol....
,Not Recommended,238430,16932668,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,attackraccoon,It's pretty okay.
,Recommended,238430,23141089,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Private Banana,"This game is really fun. I really enjoy the splitscreen feature, because my friend doesn't have it. I've had the game for a long while, but just now am I really going to ""review"" it.THIS IS BIASED OR IN MY OPINIONPros: """"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""♥♥♥♥♥offers it for $1.01 (currently)https://www♥♥♥♥♥com/contagion-steam-cd-key-global.htmlZombie mode is uniqueVariety of low powered and high powered weaponsGood selection of charactersGood splitscreenWorkshop ModsCons: """"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""Bad connection to games ""Haven't perosnally experienced""Dropping ammunition button sometimes gets confusingNot good comunity backing this gameOverpriced 9.99END: """"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""Overall decent game, you should get this game for 1.00 on♥♥♥♥♥and buy it for friends so ,you guys (and girls) wanna play some zombies some day you always got contagion!"
,Recommended,238430,23394471,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,/\ LUCKYPICKLE /\,10/10 would but got no one to recomend it to ;[pls be my friend
,Recommended,238430,23542382,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,TwistedCheshir,i love this game
76561198008780071,Not Recommended,238430,28125883,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Devon_Shearer,"SnoozevilleGood concept, but lacking in polish.Pros:Can play as a zombie as well as a survivorReally cheap - I picked this up for a couple of quid on a sale.Cons:Graphics are poorGets boring quicklyZombies are OP"
,Not Recommended,238430,29361838,Posted: 19 January,all,PoLoNsKi,♥♥♥♥♥♥ game
76561198329992298,Not Recommended,238430,30100829,Posted: 22 February,all,GooberChiko,Watch the trailers and videos on this one because it is actually horrible!
,Not Recommended,238430,30753501,Posted: 26 March,all,BOI U WUT?,"draga Contagion, Sa iti bagi in fund jocu tau de tot  pisatu.P.S>>>>No more room in hell e free si e mai fain"
76561198157478302,Recommended,238430,23427927,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,mr.twilight,"Great game, can have a troll here and there, but it great training to take them down. Game has a few gliches with the connection but it's nothing you cant handle. Game can be very hard, but the challenge is always welcome in my book."
76561197970024915,Recommended,238430,7866675,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,The Apostle,"1st of all this game is utterly hilarious.  Saying that it can also make you scream out loud after a pack of zombies have discover your hidy hole and to top it all, one of them is not AI controlled and can dodge your bullets.  Still needs some tweaking as I reckon the hit boxes and power levels need adjusting.  Could do with a few more levels as well although Im sure the developers will add to this as its still an in development title.  But I do enjoy the survivor mode where sometimes the hunting rifle can come into its own.  Basically its like L4D but with 8 players.  So let the moths outta your wallet and nail down the doors as purile juvenile fun is just a steam buy button away...Mind the trolls and kiddies though."
76561198050618590,Recommended,238430,7931256,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Kyjax,Gud gam
,Recommended,238430,11241759,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,TehSheen,"The gameplay is a bit rough, but it's definitely fun if you're playing on multiplayer with voicechat on. I definitely recommend this game if you're a fan of the classic zombie genre and want to have a good time with your friends. Game modes such as Escape allow for classic cooperative gameplay, and Hunted is your typical PvP (with zombies)."
,Recommended,238430,28611248,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Spooky Lime,gr8 story tbh
,Recommended,238430,18727730,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,ChicoPudding,"I am really perplexed over thumbing it up or down. Game as a game is FANTASTIC, I like the whole concept. But, when it comes to connecting with friends... Now that is where all hell breaks loose! I got a 4 pack at humble bundle and tried to play the game with my friend. Problem is, even though it says you can, you actually can't just join a friend unless you do that port forward thing. This is my opinion but, if this is supposed to be a game about Co-Op missions and stuff, you gotta make multiplayer hosting and joining more accessible to everyone. Being a bit stranger to this whole thing, I still to this day can not forward a port and as we both do NOT wanna play the game with strangers (for the time being), I am forced to not play with my friend... A shame cause the game gets everything right except P2P multiplayer"
,Recommended,238430,10396171,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,It's Alan with 2 A's,"Good game to start off with, getting to know the suroundings off the contagion battlefield. servers are laggy to ****, Do not buy this game unless you plan to become an addict on it. Everyone ruins by using shotguns. Review by Lemmiwinks Reviewsgamers.comwe have 150k Subs on youtube! Thanks"
,Recommended,238430,12227656,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,DJ Skinny Dick,running 8 gigs 2133o.c ram says i have 3.9 gigs  10/10 would play again
,Not Recommended,238430,16819918,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,[TQR]Pataponex,Dont really know how the game is positive but ok. I got this game in the early stages but hated the bugs and all so I decided to wait a bit I come back in full release and no one plays it and I wanted to find out why.Reasons---1-Clunky path finding of all the zombies (The zombies just literally pile on eachother and seem to take only 1 route)2-Odd lighting thats abnormal in the fashion to a general source flashlight3-Verrrry slow movement4-No one plays on the servers anymore5-Just a cliche zombie game with a few tweaks to be different
,Not Recommended,238430,21738904,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,nil,i can make a better trailer
,Recommended,238430,10325207,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Killersharpshot,needs work 7/10
76561198125055319,Not Recommended,238430,10664760,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,ZOMBIE KILLER 1942,very old very quick
,Not Recommended,238430,10684660,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,ipodtouchedme,"No objective, bad horror, bad gameplay, missions are horrible, cannot turn off motion blur, entire game is trash for a full release."
76561198062945044,Recommended,238430,12045604,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Dongor?,i pooped
,Not Recommended,238430,13723664,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Mango,"If you enjoy trying to get a game working with no success, then you'd love this."
,Not Recommended,238430,13907527,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,_Spooks,Most bland zombie fps
,Recommended,238430,10338609,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Kurisu,uytkl
76561198028261016,Recommended,238430,10568533,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Amenty Gamer,"Fun zombie FPS, will keep you on the edge of your seat, Really needs a map though, getting directions like ""It is just down the block"" when there are baracades and obsticles in your way everywhere it is easy to get turned around and get lost, spend most of the time on one level trying to find 1 building sadly, if they added a map the game would be 100x better"
76561198040613575,Recommended,238430,10755677,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Kanye Uzumaki,"want to change your phone background to hatsune miku but are too ashamed to in real life? look no further, this is the game for you"
76561198042342193,Recommended,238430,11300559,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Scared Guard Man,Too slow. Not fast enough for my l33t skills. I can't even 360 noscope zombies wtf.
,Not Recommended,238430,11936339,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Doge,Can't even play with my friend feel that my money gone down the drain...
,Recommended,238430,12677683,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,ghosr,"A slower, more methodical L4D. Best if you can find a good server."
,Recommended,238430,13199384,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Brutus,":""#""¤"
,Recommended,238430,7952741,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,SinisteR,"Wow!Bought this game on sale (75%) and i must say that this game was alot better than i thought. Fast server connection and a friendly community.The graphics fit in very good with the gameplay BUT! -->(over saturation)But keep in mind that this game is still in Beta, and with that said this game can only get better and better so i´m very excited to see what the devs will do next!Was a long time since i enjoyed a zombie game but this is a well made Undead game with amazing models and details.Have been scared ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ a couple times when i turn around after hearing glass break under someones feet!"
,Recommended,238430,8038515,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Awz,"Game has its ups and downs, the extraction mode is the most difficult.  I most enjoy escape and especially hunt mode.  all in all a good game.  has bugs but dev is working weekly updates to resolve, very interested in seeing final product."
,Recommended,238430,8178248,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,SCA-BONES,This game is freeken amazin but add a open world part  and customiseable guns with a wider range of guns aswell
,Recommended,238430,8298689,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,yan0,"This game is awesome, fun, cheap and basically Zombie Hunger Games!"
,Recommended,238430,9886177,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Garnix,This game is ♥♥♥♥n awesome
76561198029935591,Recommended,238430,8321446,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,st0rm,Just great for me and to people who wants to take a break from L4D etc. More focused on realism and i simply love it.
,Recommended,238430,16317515,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Darthsaber125,"This game is beyond amazing. The seemless blend of stragey, hoor, co-op and adventure will leave you begging for more. Does the trailer make the game seem complex? Well thats not even half of it. Some maps are clutered adn dark. Others are bright and open or a combo of both. Also, if there are air ducts on a map, zombies can go in them and just wait fot you to walk by. Overall a great game. Only pne issue though, matchmaking does take a little bit and new players arent given much, you have to struggle to learn, so the learning curve is pretty big but not overwelming. Overall 9.3/10"
76561198106816492,Recommended,238430,11218889,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Gamingidiot,"Now, before you download this game and make the same mistake that I have made and download it for your hp elitebook 6930p. Get it for a gaming PC and see the wonders of Contagion. Now I know what your thinking, ""Oh well this is a clone of every other zombie game♥♥♥♥♥fag♥♥♥♥♥fag♥♥♥♥♥"" SHUT UP. This is a zombie MMO containing gamemodes such as, Hunted: A gamemode for killing people and zombies, Escape: Find the keys and get the hell out of there, and Panic: Just go mad with this one. It's oly £14.99 so buy it now or I'll kill babies."
76561198165023713,Recommended,238430,14366554,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Uzay,not bad
76561198053994770,Recommended,238430,14335892,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,lazaford,Awesome game People were Nice so thats cool and This game has one unique feature. You Spectate as a Roach and People can step on you and you die than respawn Koolist Thing ever....
76561198144558326,Recommended,238430,13085815,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Shitty Jamitty,"An epic FPS zombie game that is full of gore, guns, grammer (bad), many gamemodes, sinle player, multiplayer, when i saw this game trailer, ive been busting butt to get some money."
,Recommended,238430,8700194,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Loz,It's kinda like L4D meets Hunger Games.  Extremely satisfying stalking a friend around a map and throwing a grenade at their feet. 12/10
,Recommended,238430,8862207,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Shawn Lazarus,"The next step for Zombie Panic! Source. This game may have only a couple maps now, but it has so so much potential. It's currently a beta, but that doesn't mean it's dissapointing."
76561198035098247,Recommended,238430,10946887,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,dwinblood,"I tried this game many months ago and it had a ways to go.   This weekend I revisited it with three other family members.   It has come a long way and is actually quite the fun game.Premise: Zombie outbreakGame Modes we tried:  Escape, Extraction, Hunted, and PanicEscape: Is much like L4D and L4D2 in the sense you're trying to get away.Extraction:  You are using your cell phone to find NPC survivors and lead them to safetyHunted:  PvP last man standingPanic:  Team Deathmatch (almost) where some players are Zombies.   It had no NPCs when we played which was the biggest thing missing, I don't know if there is an option to fix this or not.   It was okay but not that great with just 4 players due to lack of NPCs.COOL FACTOR: If you are bitten you might be infected and not realize it.   You can be walking a long and then suddenly double over and turn into a zombie.   You get 4 commands.   Vision which gives you a special vision that shows foot prints for awhile of living non-zombie people.   Roar which lets you attract other NPC zombies that will walk with you and follow you.  Blend which relinquishes control of yourself so you'll move more like the other zombies and not be obviously player controlled, you press blend again to retain control.   It also has a command (as in issue command) power which I suspect lets you tell the other NPC zombies you've attracted to do something.   NEGATIVE: In Panic mode the lone zombie player it created had no NPC zombies to order around which put him at a very distinct disadvantage.It is already a fun game, if they keep going the direction they are it becomes easier and easier to recommend the game.CONS: The cell phone, and the numeric keys were not mapped by default so for a long time I didn't know what I was supposed to be doing (no cell phone), and I couldn't toggle my weapons I'd picked up.   Once I mapped the keys this was resolved."
,Recommended,238430,11146748,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Aegon I Targaryen,"Lacks variety and as a result the player base is very small. But for $5 I spent, it is a good game."
,Recommended,238430,8827181,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Mugen,"i got lost in a maze-like-prison with full of zombies. While i was looking a way out, a cockroach drew my attention by jumping like crazy. After shooting a couple of zombies i realized that the cockroach was trying to communicate with me. He started to jump away from me when i got close to him. So i followed him as he was leading the way. Finally i got him cornered and stepped on him before i left the server. i'm not gonna lie, that little prick died with the most satisfying crunching sound. Aside from that annoying cockroach, i learned my lesson that day and never played that map again."
76561198045692264,Not Recommended,238430,29592455,Posted: 30 January,all,Noobest,"Imitation of Left 4 Dead. Nice concept but poor realization. After few years still look like an alfa release, with bugs and lags. I keep giving a try sometime but still the same poor game."
,Recommended,238430,7972098,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Kerrigan,It's a great game to play with friends
76561198119995799,Not Recommended,238430,29241506,Posted: 13 January,all,maethcombat,ANOTHER ABANDONED GAME THAT HAD LORE POTENTIAL
,Not Recommended,238430,13314223,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,CrackerChan,Rather Garbage game. when it first came out it was pretty hyped and a bunch of large name youtubers played it. thus i got trapped by the web of lies. it doesnt run well but that might be just my computer.in addition the community doesnt seem to be really active and the devs dont seem to be doing anything to fix the large amount of bugs. granted i dont have alot of playtime but ive seen alot of videos. basically the same thing :p
76561198028192276,Recommended,238430,13469176,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Devostater,"I don't Write Reviews very often,But this game was so intense and so much fun to play i just had to!Don't listen to the haters, the current game state is a bit buggy, but only minor things i got used to!My heart was pumping ten seconds into the game, and for the next hour as i made my way into a lab that wasn't all that it seemed. with randomly generated objectives, i cannot wait to play it again!8/10IT's simple, it's fun. its amazing :)"
76561197995881180,Not Recommended,238430,16264931,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,GuardianBoD,"Quite a nice game, I enjoy the escape and extraction mod ... or I did... until, we no longer were able to host a listen server directly through the game.Then we started using Hamachi, to ""rig"" a lan so that we could create a private game to play inBut nowadays, you may not use hamachi anymore, since the game blocks hamachi IPs as non C - Class IPsOk, be that as it may.But, I did stop playing the game since the only way for us to play is to use a public server where we cannot set the infection and zombie players the way we want to.Yes there are 2 Servers !!! 2 Official ones without Zombie players and without infection ... the problem there is.This game supports the workshop, ...But on public servers you will not see Workshop mapsSo, yes I would like to recommend this game.But until the server setup is not fixed, I cannot."
76561197987031616,Not Recommended,238430,21353891,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,😷🌺CLOUT KING,♥♥♥♥♥game
,Recommended,238430,16012162,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Dr. LightMare,"Best FPS zombie game i've played so far, i suggest everyone to give it a try.Contagion has a realistic zombie survival feel to it from collecting weaponry to navigating through cities and towns.Also it has a PVP last man standing kind of gamemode where all players try to kill eachother, when a player dies he/she becomes a zombie and tries to kill the remaining survivors who are killing eachother or MAYBE grouping together."
,Recommended,238430,16103609,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Leviathon,You can search and kill other people by using your smartphone.100/10
76561198123181062,Not Recommended,238430,17527754,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Weebs Must Be Exterminated,"Was a good game until recent updates, now i cant even get into a match. Crashes constantly. 10/10 IGN"
,Recommended,238430,19219609,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,boohooforyou,"A nice blend of Resident Evil Outbreak (file #2) and Left4dead.various modes of play from escape, to pvp, etc.just zombies, no 'smoker-witch-fatguys', sometimes swatzombiesdie and become a zombie. control zombies, blend in and attack.cell phones are annoyinggive it a shot,  remember shoot the head."
76561197971053026,Recommended,238430,21389860,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Facemelter,Being A Clan founder and player of Zombie Panic back in the day.. I cant recomend this game enough. Very underated. Captures the team objective based game play of Zombie panic but with a much needed overhaul.For the bargain price that the game is at the moment you should pick up a copy!
76561198079912032,Recommended,238430,13587254,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Dankmaster,Awesome! also the hoardes of zombies that want dat♥♥♥♥♥as well
,Recommended,238430,16006150,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Fenix,"Contagion is your classic romero style slow zombies. headshot or nothing. a slow yet insurmountable horde can mean the end of you. be careful to not get bit, or you may join the legion of these undead yourself. escape mode is the only mode i stick to. i love having to overcome the situations presented to you and your fellow survivors with what you have found and gathered. ammo is scarce and the amount you have can be equal to your continued survival. a gunshot will attract the undead, but if you find a melee weapon you may get by without ammo, but not for long. definitly worth a try."
,Recommended,238430,18781663,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,DivaBebopinYou,"Ok, I have to say.  WOW! You want a good zombie game.  Here you go.  It is very much alive and this game is really fun to play."
76561198095284694,Recommended,238430,18890020,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,P0$$y,Grapic atmosphere? creepy. (=great at zombie game)BGM? horrible. (=great at zombie game)multiplay? local server and internet. (=can netparty)gameplay can acceptable to play. and cockroach simulater include.8/10. good game.
76561198042392195,Recommended,238430,18908500,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Singkun,"yada Realism to the max, 70% might lose your balls in middle of nowhere"
,Recommended,238430,20873919,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,megaboyzero,gg realism zombie survival!
76561198156520659,Recommended,238430,16029839,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,chucknorris6735,love the game. it has minimal to no lag and has a bunch of unique modes!
,Not Recommended,238430,17775578,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Carrot,"Basically really really clunkly, hard to work, extremly confusing Left 4 Dead 2.Spend $20 somewhere else."
,Not Recommended,238430,17574098,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Euclid,Just no Just no. I could not stand this game....... Just go play no more room in hell
76561198064889741,Recommended,238430,18777944,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Fraziel07,Very addicting zombie survival with game modes that require a decent group of friends. Certainly has a resident evil/left 4 dead feel when you walk around the maps and get eerie feeling of a swarm coming in. I look forward to seeing what else will be added to this game.
,Recommended,238430,18784189,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Mcsantna,"One of the best zombie games I'v ever found. Its balanced perfectly, between ammo guns and zombies. If its one player or 8, its awesome.Features & Content: 7/10Replayability: 9/10Intuitiveness: 8/10Graphics: 6/10Combat: 8/10Story: 5/10Overall: 7.1/10"
,Not Recommended,238430,17589491,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Kuki,"Not beginner-friendly at all, this game really lacks a proper UI, which also features explanations and tips that are on by default (but may be turned off). Also the workshop only consists of barely dressed female Anime character backgrounds for the ingame-phone - what the..."
76561198067631080,Recommended,238430,17771627,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,B R U H.,very fun... 10/10 would install again and again and again.
,Recommended,238430,12081662,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,PhantomAvian,"This game has a more realistic approach to the zombie apocalypse than L4D. It's just you and other survivors, ordinary zombies, and limited ammo that you have to scrounge and scavenge. I've had a good bit of fun playing it, since it is fairly unique. It is worth noting, however, that it is a bit light on the content and features and perhaps a little rough around the edges, feeling more like an older game than a current title. I would recommend that you wait until it's on sale, and then at that point, by all means buy it.Hunted mode is PVP - the last survivor standing wins! Thus, you not only have to worry about the zombies that want your brain, but also every other gun-wielding survivor. I've been in some pretty brutal firefights - plenty of tense fun, and the most popular game mode.Escape mode is a coop puzzle mode - solve the puzzles (how do I get to <location>? where can I find a pair of bolt cutters?) and complete the objectives to escape. I recommend playing solo or with a group of people you know - I've just had better luck that way. On public servers, everyone scrambles to get the loot before it's all grabbed up, leaving zombies alive to sneak up behind everyone, getting themselves killed in their rush for loot, and not working as a cohesive team. Then, the players who are killed due to this  come back as zombies, substantially reducing the odds of survivors escaping. This mode needs to be played methodically - stick together, kill all the zombies in an area, loot, then proceed to the next area at the same time as a group. When this happens, it's pretty fun - otherwise, it's frustrating.I found Extraction mode to be kind of frustrating. Any lack of teamwork is even more problematic than in Escape, the AI survivors are dumb as rocks, and the zombie hordes are hard to keep at bay."
,Not Recommended,238430,26473537,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,cayenne,"Servers are down, don't waste your money"
76561198119974249,Recommended,238430,21508691,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,The British Menace,"An excellent game overall, very tense and medium (?) paced.There are of course pros and cons...PROSGreat overall handling, with some tweaking could be even better.The phrase ""ammo doesnt grow on trees"" is VERY true. The amount of time i have been caught out by that...The atmosphere is bloody amazing. Just when you start to feel cocky.... "" ha! I now have a new gun! Nothing can get me!""Then the music kicks in.....A great community!!!!!!!!!CONSThe gameplay as a zombie could be better overall...The ai of the zombies can get confused easily in some houses etc ( aurora estates can be a pain in the neck)Aiming could be a little bit better on the hitbox side...Overall i would give contagion a 7.5 to 8/10Note: i might be adding to this review in the future!1st note, when i say the community is great yeah i mean that. for about 80% of people. the other 20% are just useless at listening.and just being sensible."
76561198085785443,Recommended,238430,26071724,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,PeanutGangster,really good game
76561198070410871,Recommended,238430,13528405,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,JSiraque,"love every aspect of it, but i still want more maps and updates , after player for maby 10 hours i got tired of some if the maps and doing the same things"
76561198146667792,Recommended,238430,13561313,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,The 8th Hitman,Very fun and thrilling. a little better then NMRIH.
76561198065643445,Recommended,238430,13670273,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,SCREAM2NIGHT,"Played 1 game of extract for over an hour, going slow, not getting hit once, very close to the end, one player controlled zombie killed my entire team.10/10"
,Recommended,238430,13594138,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,"James, The Companion","This game "" only works "" with friends, there's not much left to say about this basic zombie-survival game.Fun for a few hours"
,Recommended,238430,13628319,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,PolarPenguin,"This game is by no means revolutionary and realistic, but it's still fun to play, especially at a $5 price on sale. There are many problems, like the fact that single player sucks and the starting pistol is overpowered, so I do not believe it is worth the twenty dollar price tag. If you find this on sale, however, you just might want to pick it up for a try. Just be wary of the riot officer zombies; they are bullet sponges."
,Recommended,238430,13556224,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Strange_Gecko,"Good concept for a game. Enjoyable to play and addicting. Upset about the bugs in the game, but hopefully these will be sorted in time."
,Recommended,238430,13629470,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Pumodi,Eh...zombies get killed.  You get killed. Better than a cup of coffee
76561198037265807,Recommended,238430,13655880,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Chris,i love this game. the layout of maps the lack of bullets the strong zombies and dark areas add for a fun n scary at times game. now in my top list of fav zombie games :)
,Recommended,238430,13510389,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Gondwana,very good and fun game...
,Recommended,238430,13580210,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Tubby,"As a fan of its prequels Zombie Panic and Zombie Panic Source, the developing team has done a godd job in creating a new but familiar zombie multiplayer, however much is needed to be done in patching glitches and odd mechanics to call this game ""a great buy."" 70/100"
,Recommended,238430,10361103,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,ScubieDoo,Amazing Game.
,Recommended,238430,10066211,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,AbcWarriors,"Love it, great game, online is good, solo is available or lan, head shots are satisfiying, weapons are nice and updated often. Some improved textures would be nice, but other than that, brilliant shooter to play with your mates. Or go make new ones... 8/10"
,Recommended,238430,9861165,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Cheergurl,"the first time i played i was almost too scared to go around the first corner! but anyways, great game! nice graphics! and terrifying atmosphere! all around? 10/10!"
76561198087926588,Recommended,238430,10061918,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Lieutenant Cross,"A hard, yet Tactical Zombie game... it is VERY difficult... so, try your best to not be bitten... a simple 10/10 for this Beautiful and Difficult zombie survival/ PvP game. Graphics are outstanding, and the Enemy AI is Phenominal, Surrounding, cornering, stalking, and even...just wandering... Recomandations for survival: always keep ammo, never shoot unless you ABSOLUTELY need to... The Other zed will hear the gunshot and come... Stalk individual Zombies... if you like the thrill and WANT to be slaughtered... Take on a Medium (5 to 10 zombies) sized group... or if you want to just be dead... take on a Large (15-20) or Very large (20+) sized groups... they can be seen randomely... or if you attract a bunch to you... In competative mode, there are people to assist you... Don't plan on Relying on them... you'll be left 4 dead. But then you also get this Nagging feeling...while your playing...even when you are alone... you feel... something...watching... you..."
,Recommended,238430,29548870,Posted: 28 January,all,Andrézote,Jogo realista e boa jogabilidade
76561198055372428,Recommended,238430,9824160,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,DragonChapAUS,its great but I think they should add more guns :D
,Recommended,238430,20932797,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Scipio💯,"game is pretty fun to play coop with friends, theres a pvp mode but its really hardi'd consider it more of a lee harvey oswald simulator, since most of the time i would run to a corner of the map, grab a sniper and shoot any survivors i saw wandering belowleft 4 dead / 10"
,Recommended,238430,11668312,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Tidreit,"The game is alright, but yet it's still needing a lot to be done to it."
,Not Recommended,238430,31580302,Posted: 6 May,all,RABI PINTO (horses),not so good
,Not Recommended,238430,33932691,Posted: 31 July,all,Gengar,"It's a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ version of No More Room In Hell, and that game's free.."
,Recommended,238430,34435259,Posted: 23 August,all,Hazi,No more room in hell on steroids
76561198049742446,Recommended,238430,14924307,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,WAMUU!,Honestly not the best zombie game out right now but its great if you enjoy online games its also fun with friends.
,Recommended,238430,9774117,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,BeardedOakie,":GOOD REVIEW:I really like Contagion to start off! It has A wide variety of weapons to choose, and the way you kill your enemies depends on your way of fighting! I have put some time into this game to know the goods and bads.Pros:*Nice Gun Textures*Awesome Map Textures*Walking and Running makes you feel like your in the game*Great Servers to play*For the most part, Friendly peopleCONS:*I Dont like the gun sound effects*Small stuff like shooting at baloons will not make them pop and it seems like cups and plates are glued to tables because    they dont move or break when shot at.*Some people shoot you for no reason on the servers even if your a survivor: #EveryManForHimsef!"
76561198083533266,Recommended,238430,7834015,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Trouser snake $kank magnet$,"good game, nice grafics, gameplay... but they still need to fix some more bugs, lag,......"
76561198071772192,Recommended,238430,9157202,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Gunnar Hámundarson,I like game. Game good. You should play game.:)
76561198088472170,Recommended,238430,9936700,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,ItsZombieJesus,best fps zombie game i have played in a long time and i have played a lot if you enjoy bashing in the heads of zombies with a hammer then STOP its hammer time!!
76561198070398649,Recommended,238430,9946982,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Card Crusher,I bought this game for about 4 dollars when it was on sale in its Alpha stage. I got bored with it fast and stopped playing it because it felt clunky and glitchy.  Now that the game is finalized I must say this game is pretty awesome.  The developers did an excellent job at bringing this game back to life. The player vs. player mode is so much fun.
76561198111657984,Recommended,238430,9947392,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,babykittensrocksocks,CONTAGION ROCKS MY SOCKS!
,Recommended,238430,9682339,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Mystic Mac,"Pretty entertaining game i recommend playing it, and its fun with friends more people should buy this"
,Recommended,238430,9357146,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,[dm]24/7,"I'm writing this short review approximately 1 month from proposed release date, so the game is still officially in 'early beta'.As a huge fan of co-op FPS (borderlands, etc) and especially zombie titles (dead island, L4D, etc) I'm very excited about this game.  Overall the game is quite polished already, but there are a few quirks (overused character models, texture clipping, etc) that spoil the immersion a little.There is limited content (I would suggest that 'escape' mode seems to be the main campaign/mode of the game but there is only one map), and there are some bits missing like zombie-climbing animations, voice acting etc but all of these seem on track for the full release.If the game follows through with its full release it has the potential to be a truly awesome game. Left 4 Dead comparisons are discouraged but unavoidable, and I for one (as a L4D fanatic) am looking forward to this. It sits somewhere between L4D and 'no more room in hell' (a slightly slower, more realistic zombie survival co-op game than L4D).Keep an eye out for the full release due some time around April 2014."
76561198110849660,Recommended,238430,9385150,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Captaincold,good zombie fps
76561198045516933,Recommended,238430,9394824,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Randomizer,"fun and visceral and difficult to play which makes it fun, but it is verry dark and difficult to play single player"
,Recommended,238430,8406820,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,AxtonDaily,Such an amazing game for early beta access.
76561198059474295,Recommended,238430,11951500,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,TragicSanity,I really like the game but i think there should be alittle bit more maps and the maps be alittle more bigger than they already are.But over all its a pretty good game.
,Recommended,238430,10235558,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Cosmo The God,"I think it's better than ""Left 4 Dead"" just in my own Opinion."
,Recommended,238430,8386537,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Blue,Need local servers.
,Recommended,238430,13204140,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,!MAD! IGOR KAZIMIR farmskins.com,"Well, this game is much better than No more room in hell or Zombie panic: source... This is just amazing game. You can play lots of mods here( Classis zombie panic: source mod-Zombie vs Survivor, Escape mode- campaign where you are making quests which you can read from SMS in your Mobile, Extraction mode- mission where you need save hosts before zombies and get them to safe, and of course new mode PvP- This mod is great, survivor vs survivor vs zombie, if you die, you became the zombie. PvP is Fun mode with friends, maps are so huge and you have lots of places where you can camp and wait for your friends to kill them!Only cons i can see:Bad optimize maps (probably its problem just for AMD graphic cards)Sometimes much laggy servers ( High ping or just bad connection)This game worth for 18,99 euros. I got it for 4 E in sale but this game is really good. Try it! 9/10"
76561198036993222,Recommended,238430,8267879,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,IDONTGETWEAKINTHEKNEES,This game is the definition of sweg
,Not Recommended,238430,8856153,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,ItsTom915,"Developers are slow with updates, many problems have come up since the early beta, laggy, buggy, repetitive. It was a good game in the beta, but it's not fun anymore."
,Recommended,238430,19229937,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Keeto,Gud gime fun.
76561197970044882,Recommended,238430,12694311,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Onstont,"Hidden great game, if you like fps and zombies and horror, try the co-op on this! I can not believe this game stayed off my radar for so long."
,Recommended,238430,7964424,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Boomfrag,"Much more developed than when it was a beta. This game has solid mission base co-op, and a free for all mode that is chalk full of good old fashion back stabbing. I would recommend this game as a solid zombie shooter with the potential for excellent teamwork, or really ♥♥♥♥♥♥ teamwork."
76561198063009863,Recommended,238430,11949080,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,dudeDK,is so awsome i love it and if you love left 4 dead 2 you wil love this:3
,Recommended,238430,19076437,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Dieann63,"When you die... You become a Cockaroach!   NUFF SAID(This game is awesome... Hard to play as a single player. YOU NEED BACKUP! I wish there were more open houses to explore, but its a great game)AND... when you die... You become a Cockaroach!"
,Recommended,238430,8905612,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Lactavius,"Hm, It's a pretty fun game if you were to have friends with it even better. It made a remarkable improvement with all the updates and I can truly say this came is finished and ready for you to play."
,Recommended,238430,8063012,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Domo,"really fun game i love it, love the team work ethics it puts out and how you have to stick together other wise you are screwed <3 a yes for me"
76561198031353882,Not Recommended,238430,13542142,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,FabZz,bEST GAME EVER 10/10
76561198065564025,Recommended,238430,16760860,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,[IDOG] K©inay16,its a good game. it looks gooed and it is realy fun to play with some frends. there are not that much maps but you can download new ones. realy cool game
76561198059793628,Recommended,238430,16770634,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,sublimity1979,"The trailer was showing exactly what happens when you make too much noise. The game was well made and quite fun and im not a zed fan, as a matter of fact i could only play for so long before having trouble sleeping because it was so tense!10\10 would play again if i wasn't a wuss."
,Recommended,238430,10652976,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,vapor.FM,here are some reasons why its good-ZOMBIES-GUNS-FLOORS-MORE GUNS-PEOPLE-BURGERS-CROWBARS-ANGARY ZOMBIES-BASICLY NOTHING
76561198073899610,Recommended,238430,14875680,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Mango Crush,"Most realistic atmosphere, so far my favourite zombie game to play with friends~"
,Recommended,238430,14568825,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Red,its k
76561198009466315,Recommended,238430,8394969,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,CheekyHorse,LOVE IT!!
,Recommended,238430,7849737,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,✪ Cheerios320 | Collector,GET IT FOR A LAUGH!
76561198081951129,Recommended,238430,10718923,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Vault Boy,"OH WOW!This game is truly one of the best zombie games out there!I have played many a Zombie shooters in my past and for me? This takes the crown, beating games such as Left 4 Dead 2, Resident Evil and other franchises such as that.I bout the game for $5 in the sale, and if your looking at this for the full price and wandering is it worth it? YES! its a steal at even full price the vast amount of game-modes and maps for those game-modes in specific, meaning you can play all of these game modes and there will be a unique twist even the number of characters! It's truly astonishing!I have recommened this game due to the amount of time you can replay this game without it feeling boring.Game modes and maps 10/10Replayability 10/10Characters (and there backgrounds) 10/10Servers 8/10 only this as it can be a little slow at first and laggy but it evens outTop Tip! (Errors in Game)If you want to hold off a zombie from a doorway stick a sniper rifle in the doorway the zombies just walk on the spot, use it to your advantage!Thanks for the game! I'd like to see some DLC in the future?"
76561198060743790,Recommended,238430,8285901,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Finn,The game is for sure in the beta phase and you can tell that from playing it for a bit. The game does have a lot of potential to be similar to Left 4 Dead with it's own style. Worth the small amount they're asking for.
,Recommended,238430,10781360,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Noodler,10/10 would contage again.
76561198017387314,Recommended,238430,10760618,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Rtdslayer,GET THIS GAME ITS AWSOME
,Recommended,238430,7933615,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,slickROGUE,good game
,Recommended,238430,8255938,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,SteveSDaBest :^) | Assist King,Bretty Gud...
,Recommended,238430,10937434,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,The Overlord( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),very very fun
,Recommended,238430,11927639,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,DJ K3ViN |-/,"This game is very fun! It can be difficult to play on servers with your friends, but the overall game is phenominal. I would reccommend this game to others."
76561198073908145,Recommended,238430,14170010,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Benzin,-starts game-run like usain bolt in the olimpic games-get trapped in a house-died21/10
76561198059197352,Recommended,238430,11938030,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Scavenger[BG]nerfer356,think it is the best follow up to zps that someone could ever do
,Recommended,238430,9844390,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,thelolmandotcom,"it's better than no more room in hell to say the least. Worth the money if you're gonna play with friends. Actual survival horror settings. And with up to 8 players on a server, it's really a game where items are being scavenged for."
76561198020879178,Recommended,238430,10691495,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Epikku,Probably one of the Zombie games I'd put in my top 3 for most fun and realistic
76561197966810396,Recommended,238430,10666459,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,d3l3t3_k3y,"The ""Hunted"" mode has been my favorite so far.  It's death match plus!  Most players are... ahhh! no!!!!"
,Recommended,238430,19083376,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Prégolas,Be the zombie you seek n' bite everybody.
76561198166479240,Recommended,238430,20427603,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Slayer9285,"I need to say sorry I bought this game a while agoand it didnt work and I gave up on it right away I recently bought it again hoping it would work and it does! this game is so much fun and I regret everything I had previously said I reccomend this game to anyone who loves zombie, action, team, and overall fun games."
,Not Recommended,238430,8263400,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,SIO117,Okay simple... so they made a zombie game back then. And THIS? Like wait?! The idea was LETS MAKE THE SAME GAME AGAIN?
76561198039735073,Not Recommended,238430,7944600,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Absolem,"The biggest rip-off i ever tried to play. unplayebel and every update a new problem played only an hour then the new update of the game stoped working and by the way if anyone wants to play a game of zombies like that just go and play for free no ""more room in hell"" you see its free not 14Euros and you can play not like this garbedge called Contagion... sorry about the english ppl"
,Not Recommended,238430,8252286,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,WaitingtoConnect,Didn't enjoy this - it was too slow paced and the starting weapons too weak. It was only $3.75 on sale so no big loss but I wouldn't pay $15 for this.
,Not Recommended,238430,7843678,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,W@KK0,Game isn't ready for primetime yet.  Don't expect a polished game.
,Not Recommended,238430,8251551,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Joker,dat pvp is so f**king tense maybe wait a while for the game to devolp at the moment a lot of problems like 3 maps randomly generated objectives only makes things worse in a massive prison map
,Not Recommended,238430,8284307,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Flameoffury,Amazing game with zombies and freinds!!!!
76561198137079319,Recommended,238430,15499196,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Jeahwl,"This is a very fun and well made game. I like how the ammo system works and if you think about it, it actually seems a bit like the Walking Dead. Anyways it is a very fun game and I would definitely recomend this game"
,Recommended,238430,8098537,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,zzboy123,It is a fun game but it needs more maps.
76561198091861909,Recommended,238430,8125423,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,gamermass,i feel this game has brought zombie games to the next level and move designing of zombe games to the next level.
,Recommended,238430,8099835,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Kodiak Miller,This game is fun as hell. You don't get ALL of the ammo so every shot counts and teamwork is important. Definitely worth checking out if you are looking for a survival zombie game
,Recommended,238430,8107134,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Sir_Harris,"Hell of a lot of fun. Hard at times but enjoyable none the less, shot though atm and the free for all type gamemode is not all that good."
,Not Recommended,238430,7552633,"Posted: 2 November, 2013",all,Wolf,Do not buy this game!Very overpriced version of every other zombie game. More realistic than L4D/2 but it's just so so boring. Its like a cheaply made version of dead island with no story.This game is a waste of money.2/10
76561198093776577,Not Recommended,238430,7836797,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Agent 47,"Kickstarter that raised $87,384 just shy of $100,000 by only $13,616 for Contagion. Recent DLC artwork now changed was this...http://prntscr.com/7htzbz""No it's clearly not Lara Croft :)""http://i.imgur.com/lgvobgb.gif""No it's clearly not Lara Croft :)""http://steamcommunity.com/app/238430/discussions/0/598198356169346898/""No it's clearly not Lara Croft :)"""
,Not Recommended,238430,7852966,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Abradolf Lincler,"i have given it an honost try, i have been looking forward to this type of genre, but sadly it was a disappointment.1. The controls feel broken. They are slow and clumsy, often find myself dying because of the slow controls.2. very frustrating how often you miss the zombie's head when you are aiming dead on.3. I have no interest in playing as a zombie.  Tried playing online, spawned as a zombie, did not play online anymore.4. Zombies sometimes appear at random, even though entire area has been cleared, but only at certain times (game is inconsistant).  This wouldnt be a problem in a game like Left 4 Dead, but in this game you are required to watch your back, and clear rooms as you go.  Zombies usually dont just spawn randomly. In the police station level, I cleared the entire roof before calling the hellicopter, but was still swarmed with zombies after activating the lights.  As far as I know, this was the only time during the level that zombies randomly spawned like this.  Very frustrating for the player.5. The shotgun sucks. Really really bad. You still have to aim for the head.  Dont even try using it.6. If you are stuck in a room when a big group of zombies break in, your dead (this is based on my own solo gameplay, not in online mode)."
,Not Recommended,238430,7889976,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Markovian Parallax Denigrate,"The game is terrible, they sould have just made ZPS 2."
,Not Recommended,238430,7942758,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Sensitive Man,Pretty bad.
,Not Recommended,238430,8244726,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Rii ~!,"Okay I'm giving the game a negative review, I posted my previous review last year, Nothing has changed since then! Still has few maps. Bad community. Dead Servers.==================================================================As an early access, It's actually working good, They just got to polish some zombie mechanics and add some maps. As of now it's playable. I had good team mates so I can really assure that this game is based on your teamplay!as of now: 7.5/10 though It has great potential.Good:- You can play as zombie- Smart UI control- Graphics polished than other source engineBad:- Buggy zombie mechanics- Few maps"
,Not Recommended,238430,8245352,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Captain Hammer,"If you want to take on Left 4 Dead, you either need to do a better job of it or do a lot of differentiate your game from it. The approach of these developers seems to be the latter, but, as of 12/24/2013, there is still a long way to go in development. As of right now, there's really no incentive to play this over Left 4 Dead or the Zombie Panic mod. It's all very slow, you'll spawn in weird places as a zombie where you can't escape until you're found, the maps are difficult to navigate unless you know them like the back of your hand, and the overall presentation is pretty lacking.For zombie survival fanatics, go ahead and grab this. Everyone else is likely better of waiting to see how much the game is improved before launch.For a point of reference, if this game were released right now, most places would probably give it a 50-60%. Not terrible, but maybe not worth your time just yet."
,Not Recommended,238430,8255954,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,JEBEDIAH,this game isnt my favorite zombie game. first off it makes you feel closed in the maps and it seems like they rushed the game. ill play it once in a while. it has interactive invierments which i find fun but other wise its not my favorite
,Not Recommended,238430,7843555,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Ethan,NA
,Recommended,238430,10101264,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Weezy,so far its a fun game....
76561198134194519,Recommended,238430,10095856,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,Trevor,best game ever
76561198043601021,Recommended,238430,10149683,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Mr. Storyteller,"This game probably has one of the best atmosphere, with large maps. Each map really feels like there was an apocalypse. Each time you play a map the game changes the map, sometimes making you take a completly different route."
76561198325730878,Recommended,238430,31978679,Posted: 26 May,all,CooLPaCiNo,its ok for little while hang in there
,Recommended,238430,8959347,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Samso,"A very well made game.Everything about this is absolutely amazing, from the shooting zombies to running around is perfectThe only thing I ask is that maps should come out for often.Infact, I hope that a new map comes out every 3 months so that we can have more fresh experiences all the time"
76561198060447881,Recommended,238430,9830264,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,MarineCHF,"A very fun game, the devs listen and make changes all the time and are very informative about where this game is going. This is one game you will not regret getting."
76561198056923088,Recommended,238430,9827005,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,BOBBY ROSSTASIC,it does what the devs' wanted it to do and is executed impressivley. Ok the graphics aren't ground breaking and other zombie games offer a larger map but for £14.99 it has countless hours of fun. I look forward to the community mesing around with the mechanics and making content with the SDK that is being developed. If you have £15 and want something fun to play with zombies then get contagion!Also it runs really smoothly on my machine which is really low spec and im able to run this game at 1920x1080 on high texture quality with 16xAA. Which for my machine is pretty amazingI have an AMD A4 APU for gods sake
,Recommended,238430,9613984,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Joker King,"While there are dozens of zombie fps games out there these days. Few actually have a ""creep"" factor to them like Contagion does. I honestly felt like there was going to be a horde just wobbling around  every corner ready to set their dead eyes on me as a tastey lunch! Some of them move slowely, some of them move quickly like the ""freshly dead"" even if they look far from fresh. The creepiness is the biggest factor for me hands down. Not to mention the fact you HAVE TO SHOOT THEM IN THE HEAD to put them down perminately! Shooting off their other extremeities will slow them down but why not go for the one secure shot?! To put it all together this is most definetly one of the best zombie fps games i have ever had the pleasure to play. It may still be in early access but to me it doesn't even feel like it. I even rented my own game server for this game! Play it, you will love it!"
,Recommended,238430,9828910,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,BigZman95,"An excellent game that offers several co-op/competetive game mods and manages to feel like a big budget game. It is the successor to Zombie Panic and Zombie Panic Source, two great mods if you have not played them. Contagion is a fantastic game and if you enjoy Left 4 Dead or are looking for round-based small scale Day Z type PvP matches than Contagion is an exceellent game that won't break your budget. I highly reccomend that people try this game."
76561198035605178,Recommended,238430,9829822,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Sir X-WING,"I recommend more people play this game. If you want that survival of the fitest feeling I recommend you and at least 3 friends and play the ""hunted"" game mode on the ""Barlowe"" map and pu the difficulty on ""extreme"", this will make zombies stronger   and will allow them to kill you in two hits, also when you shoot all the zombies on the map will go for you and it'll give away your position to the other players trying to kill you so it will make you think more before you shoot, other players can set off your phone by using their own but only when they are close to you. If you follow these steps you'll have a terrifying experience."
,Recommended,238430,7861937,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,TheAPGamer,"A very good zombie survuval game, especially when considering that this is a Beta Indie game. The variety in game modes satisfies a wider zombie-loving audience and since the same map changes slightly with every round, this provides gamers with a  new challenge. Randomly weapon/ammo drops provides every body with an equal chance of finding such weaponry. Textures look very sharp and animations are very realistic. The only con to this game is the limited ammount of maps available, but I'm positivie that new maps for different gamemodes will be added eventually. But hey, it's a beta. 8.5/10"
,Recommended,238430,9826694,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Redwarrior,"One of the best zombie games i have ever played, i am really satisfied of the amount of teamplay gameplay, the pvp mode, the extraction mode and the escape mode; The guns/meele is really well made overall a 9/10 from me."
,Recommended,238430,9827263,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Ho-KongouTeaTime,Classic co-op zombie survival horror.
,Recommended,238430,9820923,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,slysky,"It is extremly similar to No More Room Left in Hell. it is better to have friends to play with for this game. If you like zombie survival, i would give it a shot but an honest rating of this game is 6.5/10"
76561198154920089,Recommended,238430,19795836,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Ekim,It's decent...It's not as good as how the trailer explained it but it's decent still.
,Recommended,238430,7872096,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,LuKy l RatedZ PL,"So much fun, alone or with friends you will enjoy the thrill of sneaking house to house on the estate looking for ammunition and a new sniper rifle!"
,Recommended,238430,11412476,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Luke,"Great game, easy to get into and multiplayer is great, pick this game up if you can."
,Recommended,238430,16254668,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Punitious,9/11
,Recommended,238430,9826138,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Cpt. John Stalky,"So lets start from beginning. Zombie apocalypse come to the city of Roanoke. And only you and other seven survivors must find a way out from this madness.Contagion is a indie co-op game where you can play as survivor or as a zombie. Contagion is the next generation of two Zombie Panic games. Developers tried to put everything that was not in Zombie panic, including better graphic and more cooperative missions.Game got three gamemodes each with different goals.Lets start with Escape mod. This mod is just only about escaping a group of survivor from infested area. The whole team must communicate to each other to finish the mission. And there is a BIG disadvantage with cooperation. Most people won´t cooperate or listen to you and well without communication you lose for sure. And well also you for finishing this mod you need to use your cell phone and read messages from other characters.Another mod is Extraction. In this mod group of survivors must find AI survivors in the map. Thanks to cellphone you can be navigated by GPS to find position of survivors. This mod is also about cooperating with other folks. Without them you can get really easier overwhelmed. Disadvantage is that AI of survivors is pretty stupid in some situations.The last mod of this game is Hunted. This is pure PvP mod where survivors hunt each other. When you die you will turn into a zombie and continue hunting a living persons. The last man standing won.Thats all about survivors. I mentioned that you can play as a zombie character. Mostly in every gamemode you can play as zombie. Well you become zombie when you got infected or died by zombies or players.Well this game got pros and nons. So far it is Indie game and well developers did their best to make their game playable, but well without co-op and communication to each other you don´t have chance and for some people it could be frustating.Well in my opinion game is good but still need some improvements.Thats why my rate is 8/10"
76561198093642767,Recommended,238430,9023566,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,PhoenixKing,"The game looks and plays amazing... but in the escape mode... I wish I spawned with the other players... Because once I spawn in that prison place... I'm instantly lost... I still like the ""The Hunt"" mode... unfortunatly, escape and the hunt are the only mode other people play, I still recomend the game... it just needs a few more tweeks and the 19.99 will be worth it... also... considering barely anyone plays right now... a singleplayer campaign/custom mode would be something to fix the multiplayer lonleyness... so... giving that it IS still in beta stage.. I'd say this game is impressive for something in beta stage...(Asuming you ingnore all the problems...)  5/10"
,Recommended,238430,9832231,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Sterling Baptism,Sick game cuz
76561198127125645,Recommended,238430,10458244,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,TheZombieking,Really good game but hard if its your first time so I giveit a 9.5/10.
,Recommended,238430,7873864,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,IHateMyLife,"Very fun and addicting game even though it is still a ""beta"". There are some things that need to be fixed but overall I would advise getting it early!"
76561198084480105,Recommended,238430,7863312,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,roy8892,"oh great another zombie game right? well yes but with a much needed refreshment to gameplay style. first and foremost obviously this game is still in the early beta stage and it is very obvious in many ways in the game, but the amazing thing is, it is still so much fun! the biggest thing you will notice first is the importance of shot accuracy. hitting these guys in the chest and limbs does almost nothing forcing you to slow down from random fast paced shooting like most fps games, and actually pace yourself and make those headshots like a zombie game should be. doing that, while also keeping yourself from getting pinned down in a corner can be quite a lot harder then you would expect, but boy is it a lot of fun. now while quite a lot of fun to play, it has also proven to me to be quite frustrating. for instance, when you are a zombie, there is no way of knowing where the other human players are except by listening for there gunshots. this is very difficult and very frustrating leavng you just wondering around helplessly for quite some time. and gltiches seem to be very common so far, but that is to be expected considering it is a beta after all. on a 1 to 10 scale, id have to say right now its a 6. but considering how early on this game still is, thats extremely impressive! cant wait to see more improvements guys! keep up the good work"
,Recommended,238430,7863729,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,"Punished ""Edgelord"" Milacetious","One of the three games in existence that captures zombies correctly, with some interesting gags of it's own."
,Recommended,238430,7872467,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Tortugani,This game has a good Concept to it.
,Recommended,238430,7875949,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Big Bad Wolf,"Still in beta, but don't let that discourage you! Get on the train early, it's really awesome now and is going to be really great with continued effort by the developers, along with a strong reception from gamers! Support this sensational game!"
76561198037354150,Recommended,238430,7864081,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Ron,a very nice game dont feel like beta more like a full game with a little bugs
76561198097903747,Recommended,238430,9570558,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Kuro,"I must admit, when I first downloaded this game I was a bit skeptical about it. However, the more I played the game the more I enjoyed it! I really only have one negative thing to say about it. It doesn't have a crosshair. Shooting games especially ones like Contaigon make you rely on reaction speeds and good aiming. Without the crosshair, it makes it extremely difficult to use these qualities effectively. Will you add one in the future? I hope you do.All in all, Contaigon is a very good game and I look forward to further development!~As silent as the shadows in the night~"
76561198063920193,Recommended,238430,9955878,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Vigopondwater,"This game, being in early access has it's flaws, and things about it that could be improved.Overall it's highly enjoyable, and keeps me entertained for extended amounts of time."
,Recommended,238430,9099828,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,BOOM,"This would be a great single player game, if it had a waves survival or campaign of some sort, plus new maps. But it has only a small amount of maps ment for multiplayer really. Multiplayer mission coop is all about team work if you get lucky enough to get a decent group to play with otherwise it is all about weapon hogging and teamkilling as best you can. But as soon as just one player dies, you have to hope they quit the game otherwise it is only a matter of seconds until everyone gets murdered by way overpowered player-zombies. Multiplayer is a massive designflaw. It is all fun and games until someone dies really. Everyone eventually will quit the server after just one or two games or so, and really is no fun at all with others especially random people you don't know. PVP on the other hand makes more sense, in the matter of being the last one to survive, here is where players tend to just let loose and outright murder one another just like in coop. I still recommend the game, I sure enjoy it just not online."
76561197995214447,Recommended,238430,9925492,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,Odo,"Don't let the cheesey, ugly, and arguably derivative intro trailer fool you - Contagion is in my opinion, the definitive multiplayer zombie game. It's true that it's a bit rough around the edges, and that it definitely needs it's on going development, but there is A LOT of fun to be had here. Especially in the ""hunted"" multi-player mode. In it, up to 8 or 10 surivors are let loose in a large open area (My favorite is the massive and urban ""Barlow Square"" which comes complete with explorable multi-leveled buildings, subways, and movie theaters that can be raided for supplies, or reinforced for a last stand) before squaring off in a death match. What seperates this from your run of the mill FPS zombie death match is that not only is ammo limmited, but every shot attracts waves of the undead.Spy a player characte running across the street? Take aim, but beware... if you miss he'll simply duck into cover, while any zombies in the immediate area make a b-line toward your position.The zombies also add an interesting dimension to combat. On multiple occasions have I found myself in a stand off with an opponent with superior fire power, but his back to a wall. My strategy is to fire a bunch in the air to attract the hordes and scamper off before he can figure out what's happening. ""PLAYER WAS KILLED"" is so satisfying to see knowing that you attracted the zombies that devoured him as you scurry away through fire escapes and broken windows.If you're like me, games like Left 4 Dead and Dead Island don't truly feel like zombie games. They've got the look, but they lack the thrill of Running through alleyways with your friends, trying to make every shot count while making decisions on the fly (should we try running here? Or There? What if that leads to a dead end?)Every now and then you and a friend find youselves behind a set of doors while being pursued by a horded of zombies. You  two enter a room, quickly shut the door and nail it shut with a nail gun. There's a shotgun in the room with 6 rounds in it. Your friend happens to have a few more shells that he found but had no use for. He presses ""J"" to toss them to you just as the zombies start pounding at your barricade. ""We'll alternate fire"" The doors smash open. It's a glorious last stand.Oh, now for the negatives...the game is buggy. like I said earlier, it's rough around the edges. most of the level designs are really unintuitive and take a long time to learn your way around. Some might just be TOO big. I think some of the mechanics could use a bit of tweaking to really balance things a bit, but nothing game breaking.Oh, the sound design is fantastic.All in all, the zombie apocalypse by it's nature is going to be a bit unbalanced and dirty... just like Contagion is... still, there's something that just brings us all back to it. I definitely reccommend."
76561197971061865,Recommended,238430,9607612,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,BrokenToy,"Now this is an amazing zombie survival game. The co-op missions are a lot of fun. Team work is a must have if you want to win. Then there is the free for all PVE, PVP survival part. This is way better then Rust, Dayz, and Nether. The matches are fast and fun. They play more like a COD deathmatch and the play ground is balance. You wont find a ton of cheaters killing you every second like in other survival games.This game is just in its early Access and it already kicks some hardcore♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198045730976,Recommended,238430,9021831,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,ur nan,cool
,Recommended,238430,9100605,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Tooly,A different style of zombie game play the walking is crisp and the controls are smooth a very good game 7/10.
,Recommended,238430,7866499,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Bamse,Even though it's in Beta it's still better than the most Zombie shooters. So much fun trying to find a way out of the police department in the Escape mission. I highly reccomend it. So much fun!
76561198079733555,Recommended,238430,7866708,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,HalfwayHades,"Very good cooprative zombie survival game, made using the half life 2 engine"
76561198039730232,Recommended,238430,9828089,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Sir Lancelot,This is the coolest zombie game ever!
,Recommended,238430,7877177,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Plumis,Good game as Zombie FPS but lucks on intereseting and keeping players willing to play the game...A level system and better weapon system could fix this game
76561198082588151,Recommended,238430,9023919,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Technoturkey,"One of the best zombie survival games I have ever seen and played. Action at unexpected moments, the fear of other players hunting you down, and amazing detailed graphics that look better then any other game released in 2014! This is a should by as it is still early access and more new content will get added later."
76561198068696440,Recommended,238430,9624205,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,orlando.silva69,"gameplay is pretty solid. only con is when i'm a zombie i get spawned far away from human players and have a hard time finding them. Also when trying to join a game i dont fully understand the lobby because i connect to a game and i have yet to play hunted, i always get thrown into an escape at the police station. other than those two things great game and its fun playing with people"
,Recommended,238430,9958491,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,RandySamhein,GREAT GAME!
,Recommended,238430,7862879,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Penthrox,Game is♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561197961860435,Recommended,238430,7864049,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Whyte.Oni,"I've only just started playing, but I can tell this is a game I will be playing on and off for a long time to come. It is in the same spirit as Left 4 Dead and Killing Floor."
,Recommended,238430,7866517,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,MailmanTSK,brettygood/10
76561198015307932,Recommended,238430,13611868,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Bloodrook,"I've played a lot of zombie games, some good, some not so good.  Contagion ranks near the top of the stack of the great pile with it's great visuals, ambiance and pulse pounding intensity.  The multiple maps that change each time you play make this a fantastic experience in FPS's.  Playing alone is VERY difficult, so be sure to have a good group of friends to help you fight your way through many of the maps.  Barlowe Square is especially difficult, as is extraction.  Be careful not to get yourself trapped in a house while being swarmed by zombies.  You can't push your way through and ammunition resources are limited.  Speaking of ammo, head shots are the only thing that take down the shambling dead, so pick your shots carefully.  You don't necessarily have to wipe out an entire level of zombies (not nearly enough ammo for that) and sneaking is helpful.Things I would personally like to see improved is more variety in the zombie skins, more melee weapons and more health kits, even if they were just bandages giving you partial health.  However, my critiques are small, and overall this is a great game."
76561198013380093,Recommended,238430,7569677,"Posted: 4 November, 2013",all,Shoemaker,"Up to 8 player Co-op zombie survival game with diffrent modes. Has to be played with friends for the full effect. When a player dies they become a zombie, so the less you are left the harder it gets. Will you go super tactical and survive to the end? Or die and hunt down your friend as he his running out of ammo ?With a team Survival, Hunt (pvp), rescue missions it will keep you going for a while.In time it needs : Less bugs, more balance, stabile servers, some tweaking, m. maps ++ So it needs some more work. A great idea doh! And is woth a try with your buddies :)6/10  NB: Still in beta"
76561197974740898,Recommended,238430,7651325,"Posted: 13 November, 2013",all,CobaltNova,"Although currently in ""early access"" the game is enjoyable and runs reasonably well with issues that come up often being fixed within a short period of time. The game receives content updates weekly with promises of additional weapons, maps, and modes to come. All of the game's 500 official servers are now protected by VAC and can be connected to through a server browser. At the current price this game shows great promise."
,Recommended,238430,7765163,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,AlphaSpoon,"Contagion is a ""you might like this game"" type of game. First when I played it, I played the PVP gamemode. I quickly got bored of it. I looked for singleplayer gamemodes, there were only about 2 maps for singleplayer. They were more multiplayer-based. In fact, everything is multiplayer-based. I quickly regretted my decision about buying contagion, so I beg you to wait just a little bit longer!"
,Recommended,238430,7770927,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,The RaptoLobster,"Contagion, a game (currently in beta) created by the makers of the incredible mod Zombie Panic: Source, brings you an incredible and unique experience.The Pros: Unique gameplay brings you a refreshing experience of what it would really be like in a zombie apocalypse. Whether you're fighting other players while avoiding zombies, or working with them to escape or defend locations, it's always a blast.Random generation makes every playthrough different in some way, guns and ammo spawn in different locations and objective modes can change every time with different paths and areas. The phone with objectives and maps is an awesome concept too.Play as a zombie and blend into AI hordes or sneak up on humans to snag a bite. With player controlled zombies, it brings a continually terrifying threat that forces you to watch your back constantly.Cons: While this game is still in beta and can't yet be fully judged, it does lack maps. The random generation helps but there are currently only three maps you can play on. Game is still being optimized, recent patch helped a lot.TL;DR All in all, a fantastic game that is definitely worth $15 even in beta!"
76561197971273306,Recommended,238430,7792916,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,ForestDump,This game is very fun to play with friends! The random objectives are a very nice touch.Finally a group of developers who put gameplay in front of commercial intrests. Keep it up Monochrome and you'll be rewarded with many enthousiastic gamers/fans!
,Recommended,238430,7804685,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,☠ Acute Mania ☠,"I have couple hours sinked into the game, and i must say that for the price tag it has, it's totally worth it.It has the nice balance of slow zombies combined with their numbers.It may seem easy to kill them 1v1 or 1v2, but as soon as you get more than that, you are quite in the trouble.Also when you die you turn into a zombie and then you hunt down your previous friends.And on top of that when you die couple of times as a zombie you get turned into a freaking Cockroach, how awesome is that!?Anyways all in all i would higly recommend getting the game especially now with the sale itself going on."
,Recommended,238430,7825642,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Traptik,really fun
,Recommended,238430,7828705,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Fakie™,awsome
,Recommended,238430,16256185,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Delin Windsong,"a amazing game , but I wish I had more friends to play with.... :("
,Recommended,238430,16262189,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,[DEFN] Ultimatium,It is a very Good game it's realistic and some other stuff you have to find out yourself. game itself is very good but on some gamemodes people grief eachother so that needs improvements. i recommend this game so more players would play.
,Recommended,238430,8267457,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Christian,I really like the flavours.
,Recommended,238430,8267674,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,my dudes,gives me a boner
76561198033116510,Recommended,238430,8237195,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Lonngy,Its a must buy!
,Recommended,238430,8593201,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Crowing,"Early access with only three maps and three gametypes, but it's still fun as it is."
76561198111529226,Recommended,238430,13734622,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,MSPOONZ,"This game brings back what a zombie shooter should be. With scenarios that are different everytime you play, with loot that is regenerated and in different spots every level, it creates an array of courgeaous gun battles with zombies and survivors. Escort missions get hairy people go down but we just keep shooting. Receommended if you like fun. Btw wear a mic"
,Recommended,238430,9358419,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,LuckyGoBaker,"Very awesome game, the fact that it is in beta is even better. I throughly enjoy zombie fps, and this takes the cake for now. I enjoyed Dayz, L4D2, and any other zombie game but the way you have to survive in this one is fabulous. The zombies can be drawn to sound, and literally kicking a soda can will end you. The game is great for anyone who likes a semi realistic zombie game fps based around a puzzle. The maps are intricate and seemingly maze like. 10/10 zombie game."
,Recommended,238430,15803358,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Chinese cartoons,"Greatly done game but is missing a few things that would be nice improvements if u have ever played the game ""No More Room In Hell"" then you should have a bit more experiance when you play this game as they share many qualities. and quite a while back when it was first comeing out of early access the devs hat monochrome said that there will be a free dlc comeing out however the dlc hasnt come out yet rather a few large updates im still confused if that was the dlc and they decided no to do it through the dlc system and just add it straight into the game or if that was something else and they plan on releasing the dlc at a later time. But still this game is great if your into the more realistic zombie game feel unlike cod or dead rising."
,Recommended,238430,10685555,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,TWD Kenny,"I really do enjoy this game a lot. Although it has some problems. To start off, I want to say that one of the biggest reasons that was a big let down for me is that I checked the server browser and NOTHING popped up. I removed EVERY single filter and NOTHING popped up. Note that I just bought this game today and I'm playing it at a pretty decent time in the day (i.e. it's not early in the morning or very late at night). Set aside that, it's basically a singleplayer game unless someone decides to host a server. I would also like to point out that the load times are extremely slow, they are scraping L4D2's load times. They are THAT bad. Anyways, when I started the map, I noticed very quickly how dynamic the map looked. What I didn't expect was to see a very diverse map with loads of time built into it. After looking around and trying to scavenge some weapons, I found and shot my very first zombie. What I was unhappy to hear was that there is no such dismemberment that can occur with a pistol OR an assault rifle (I haven't found the shotgun yet). Dismemberment to me is a key factor of a zombie game as it really makes you feel like you just shot that zombie's head off or you just shot that zombie's arm off. No, that feeling did not come with this game, sadly. Reguardless of the dismemberment, the models looked very nice and I liked the mostly interactive environment. Being made in the source engine, like half-life or Left 4 Dead, it took after most of the menu screens, blood effects, and the overall world looked similar to something you'd see in L4D or HL which is kinda repetitive to me considering I play most to all of Valve's games which are made in the Source engine. Set aside the how the textures and the models look, I want to talk about the gameplay. What I really liked about this game was how they stuck to their words by saying this was a game that was supposed to be like if a zombie appocolypse actually happened. I can honestly feel like this is how it would feel like. What makes this game a lot different from any other zombie shooting game is that you really have to consider your approach to complete your mission/goal. You mostly have 2 options, go guns out, shooting every single zombie you see and trying to get done with your mission as quick as you can. Or you can do the most recommended method; stick with the shadows, conserve your ammunition, take out enimies that absolutely HAVE to be taken out, and get done with your mission reguardless of the time. I personally chose option A the first time I played this game because I was still trying to figure out the map and find my way around the places, which it did work untill I got trapped in a store with zombies surrounding me from the outside and on the inside. Nonetheless I absolutely loved this game and enjoyed this game quite a bit because it really does make me feel like I'm in a zombie appocolypse. 8/10"
,Recommended,238430,10749728,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,wangleebonerz,"Just good, good. Intense gameplay!░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▄░░░░░░░░░░░█░░█░░░░░░░░░░░█░░█░░░░░░░░░░█░░░█░░░░░░░░░█░░░░████████▄▄█░░░░░██████▄▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█████░░░░░░░░░███████▀░░░░▀▀██████▀"
,Recommended,238430,18008785,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Lt. Columbo,is decent
,Recommended,238430,24647259,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,HolyCrusadee,"Different opinions are okay, as long as they're different in the same way."
,Recommended,238430,17631577,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Jason,"You can only trust yourself... o.0? The only advice i'd give out is to run, This game is overall a great game, Alright."
,Recommended,238430,31527655,Posted: 3 May,all,StrangeR,"Пародия left 4 dead 2, но довольно прикольнее"
,Recommended,238430,10134497,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Admiral Billy,One of my friends was being chased by a zombie hoard. I pinged his phone. He was eaten. 11/10
,Recommended,238430,10106571,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,DLUNA,"If you are a big fan of zombie survival games this one is a must have. This game started off in Alpha/Beta release and has improved a huge amount since it has been released. Big fan of Left 4 Dead? Well this is just like it, but with a realistic approach, I loved playing this game and still do."
,Recommended,238430,10107805,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Da King,"A really fun game, solo or with a group its at its most best if played with a group of 4 buddies"
76561198035807718,Recommended,238430,10106504,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Tylernol,I bought this game around when it first came to early access and it has shaped up nicely since then. Even after the full relase the devs have been giving constant updates. It's always nice to know the devs care. I recommend you try this game if you are a fan of tense zombie shooters. The game mode hunted(which is my favorite) always has me at the edge of my seat.
,Recommended,238430,10142908,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Trotskyist,"The game is great, though it is a small community you'll be sure to find at least 1 or 2 servers that are worthwhile. The only bad part is that the game is quite laggy, though I would expect it from the great graphics of the game. My mediocre computer probably isn't helping either."
76561198046855731,Recommended,238430,24051747,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Molotov,this game is actually good. but i cant find servers to play
76561197969765236,Recommended,238430,24056455,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,007,This game is really good. Great with friends.
,Recommended,238430,15936709,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,RED SKIN BANDIT,it is a very well done game i recommend it but make sure you have friends to play it with you because its near impossible to be sucsessful in the end.
76561198147071238,Recommended,238430,15889137,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,BrazaPower,"This game is FantasticIf you are looking for a game about zombies with a more realistic feeling this game is for youThe graphics on this game is really goodThe sounds is awesomeIt has a lot of bloodYou can get infected by zombies and turn into one op then and start to hunt the other survivors,As a Zombie you can call for other zombies to assist you (AI zombies)So far all the games I played people comunicated a lot and this is a good thingSo yes, I recommed this game,and  don´t listen to people saying crap about the delay of the free  DLC, The game is good, and when the DLC comes out it will be a lot better.ps. Sorry for my bad grammar, english is not my first language :P"
76561197977211401,Not Recommended,238430,10683133,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,HerderButterFesterStranger,Necessary text!
76561198322628337,Not Recommended,238430,29403882,Posted: 21 January,all,Henry Gobbleblobber,no more room in hell its almost the same as this game but the difference is that this game costs 10$
76561198105227633,Recommended,238430,8727831,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Saberwolf1836,fun zombie game
,Recommended,238430,22032748,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,i want to die,SWAT Zombies 2 OP
,Recommended,238430,7835099,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,DO THE DASH THEN I GO OUT THEWAY,fasdfasdfasdfasdfasdfsdfsdfasdfasdfasdf
76561198031351721,Recommended,238430,8127387,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Best_Waifu,Great Game =D
,Recommended,238430,8357659,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Athale,its like no more room in hell but its not free (also i like the controlls better
,Recommended,238430,8440998,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Hyper,Its alright..
76561198108942029,Recommended,238430,8446290,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,The Last Ronin,Great to play with friends.
76561198047676535,Recommended,238430,8447480,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,tony rigatoni,lol good game
,Recommended,238430,8722774,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,KlyptoDog,me likely this game :)
76561198038994337,Recommended,238430,8601485,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Harvista,"A Great game, for friends to laugh around but also good team work is required and well if your mate dies make sure he doesn't drag you down with him for he will be one of them, the infected able to controll the dead hordes and lead them to you so that you meet your end sooner than later."
,Recommended,238430,8165885,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,DumpsterAim,I'm sort of iffy on this game ATM however I can see it has some serious potential. Currently you won't get much play time out of it as the 3 game types they give you get boring after the first go. Once more are added I can see it getting better.Currently the graphics are great.Amount of weapon choices is amazing.And the gameplay is smooth.If you don't like watching/helping a game through developement I don't recommend this right now.
76561198004217808,Recommended,238430,7836959,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Ahota the Bombad,"GREAT game! So much fun. This is the type of game play that i've been waiting for in a zombie game. PVP is well done as well as the two missions. I LOVE the way phones are used in the game as well. They can help you find a group of survivors, or help you find your next victim in a round of PVP. A couple of things I hope to see added to the game are silencers for weapons, a larger variety of melee and ranged weapons, real time crafting, Weights for items, and an inventory screen. I can't wait to see where this game goes in the future, but if it keeps heading down this direction we're in for one hell of a fun time."
,Recommended,238430,7914427,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,KnownScrubGiraa,"Defently worth buying, i bought it for just 2,99 and thats  pretty awesome! :D if u like those type of games then YES!"
,Recommended,238430,7888814,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Koncave,iz gooood
,Recommended,238430,7960899,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,SabrosaMyWaifu,Great enjoyable fun for People who enjoyed the ZP series or likes zombie games/movies with some realism
,Recommended,238430,8037280,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,The Skillz,sick zombie game buy it
,Not Recommended,238430,28951126,Posted: 2 January,all,Monty Gray,"Game chugs even on lowest settings, barely anyone plays on servers, almost entirely dead game, just download No More Room in Hell instead."
76561198071577466,Recommended,238430,8540982,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Marlos,GREAT GAME!!!! if you get it you should tell me so we can play
76561198042061561,Recommended,238430,9171523,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,NekoPara SpeedRunner,"Zombies, Guns, Co-op, what's not to love?"
,Recommended,238430,26062536,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Scar,this game has too many zombies that made me take a♥♥♥♥♥♥on my bed
,Recommended,238430,28913969,Posted: 1 January,all,✪KatZu-iwnl-,Never in my life have i gotten the chance to get betrayed by my best friend and then proceeded to turn into a cockroach. One of the best games i have ever played 2016. 10/10 ♥♥♥♥ you Jordan.
,Recommended,238430,27341970,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,[Krieg] Reef,Good co-op game if you have a friend
76561198296680743,Not Recommended,238430,30204917,Posted: 26 February,all,[UDG]YuNoGuy123 | CSGOgem.com,"Although the concept of this game is AMAZING and its executed perfectly, theres one glaring problem....its multiplayer...aka the game itself...theres NOBODY playing this game anymore! the game was fun, and amazing. But then it died out slowly.If you have several friends, and they all have 10$ then pick up this game, you will not regret it"
76561198009201598,Recommended,238430,20794148,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Milton Waddams,A good game for zombie/fps people.
76561197962832174,Recommended,238430,23591954,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,ItsAbonanza!,"These developers made Zombie Panic as a Half life 1 mod, then Zombie Panic: Source, which are free. Then this game that takes ideas from their 2 previous games because they wanted to make money. All the games are awesome but challenging. As others have mentioned the player bases are really small, it sucks because these games have great features."
76561198069226503,Recommended,238430,23563464,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,RottenBeard,"This game I got when it was in early access super Early on, and it is one of the greatest zombie games on PC. It is very simillar to No more room in hell(NMRIH for short), another great zombie game with very alike gameplay. NMRIH was a half life 2 zombie mod, and Contagion is a Recreation and extension of zombie panic source.Pros:  Main game modesEscape: HMM I wonder what this isHunted: PVP last man standingExtraction: you have to extract Bot survivors till the map is over or you all die.Zombie Panic ClassicZombie Panic ObjectiveMap ListEscapece_barloweSquarece_RoanokePDce_biotechExtraction:cx_BarloweSquarecx_auroraEstatesHunted:ch_auroraestatesch_pioneerexpressch_cyprusparkch_barlowesquareContagion Panic Classic:cpc_barlowesquarecpc_pioneerexpressOUTDATED LIST CAN'T FIND ALL THE MAPSOverall the comunity is old since 2013 and is very small now but the game has many maps, and escape mode can be played by yourself if you really want to. If you have a lot of friends there will be endless fun."
,Recommended,238430,28872266,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Soufiane Eddyani,really fun game!! PLAY WITH ME!! ;d
76561198056937393,Recommended,238430,29227019,Posted: 13 January,all,ACIDZ,"Super fun game, the best game mode is the survival one. So fun!Wish it was more popular and regularly updated.try it!"
76561198041550681,Recommended,238430,8315851,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Neko Hunter,this game is fun horror shooter game when u strat a mission the world will change but u r not alone there r zombies the way to kill them is shooting at the head only the head but dont worry about the zombie worry about the people play againts players or zombies like team/survival/infection/mission or free for all have fun and good night
,Recommended,238430,29138273,Posted: 9 January,all,Sniggles,Solid zombie game
,Not Recommended,238430,31221420,Posted: 18 April,all,SV_HE'S_FAT 1,"Not at all, When i saw on youtube i saw a great game, when i bought it, i saw dead servers and the server which were populated were playing only two gamemodes or had HIGH ping.As Brazilian, my ping is too high and wasn't what i expected."
76561198140702035,Recommended,238430,24836878,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,TheFlamer,"Personally I love this game, but you can't make it more than it is, it's fun to play if you like hunting people in a semi-realistic way. Play this... A good concept, but the devs did just abandon this game, it had great potential. But it's just not up to spead with today's standards."
,Recommended,238430,9862532,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Lone Wolfe (Hoover1979),Pure fun for committing violent hate crimes against innocent Zombies!  Pure fun!!!!  I personally haven't tried out the multiplayer aspect of this game yet though but I give it 4 out of 5 Stars!GET IT NOW!!!!!!!
76561198105445916,Recommended,238430,31478067,Posted: 30 April,all,Fugitive Mind,"EDIT: Game continuously crashes despite lowering graphics and verifying files. This is incredibly annoying!What can I say about Contagion? Besides some partially wonky controls, a lack of a campaign, and outdated graphics, it's a lot of fun if you have a friend or two to play with. However, the community is pretty much dead and those still in the game are toxic; you NEED to play with friends.The gameplay is well-designed and quite fun/challenging, though the difficulty is clearly made with coop in mind. Headshots look and feel phenomenal, and finishing a map is satisfying. The addition of Steam Workshop is just a bonus to a surprisingly good formula. Pick Contagion up on sale; you won't regret it."
76561198044574067,Recommended,238430,8990290,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,KyleofKerbin,"This game overall is good. I give it an 8/10. You may be asking why I don't be a pansy and give a 10/10. I'm here to tell you why not only that this game is great, but also about its weaknesses.Let's begin with the strengths. Graphics: 10/10 Very Good! They're very detailed.. making me want to blow even more brains apart. xD Sound: 10/10 Great Sound! The details and the time put into even the most basic of sounds is fantastic! They really aren't OP in your assistance like The Last of Us, but they're not so unhelpful that they don't do anything like the newest CoD games. Gamemodes: 8/10 Good! Overall, the 3 primary gamemodes that are seen are great, EXCEPT Escape. Escape is where you escape from a building filled with hoardes of zombies. After about 10 minutes of playing this gamemode, I'm already searching for a server that has players on it that has the FANTASTIC Hunter gamemode! Escape is basically an order of events like a play or drama that you MUST FOLLOW EVERY TIME. And, even worse, there's only ONE MAP! Now, onto that great Hunter gamemode! Hunter is where not only are you trying to kill all the zombies after you, BUT YOU ALSO CAN KILL PLAYERS! :D This mode gets REALLY FUN when you encounter other players. You might need a Mic and turn on your VoiceChat option before you play this or face getting murdered the very second someone sees you. >:)Now, onto this game's weaknesses. The BIG THING is Escape mode! IT'S BORING! After you've played it once, you'll most likely be reluctant to play it again, even with friends! Overall, this gamemode gets a 5.5/10 for me. Another weakness is some sounds are NON-EXISTANT! xD For example, when I call a hoarde of zombies to my location(to do this press R), there's a cool animation, BUT NO SOUND! LOL The final weakness I have to say about this game is NOT ENOUGH DIVERSITY IN ZOMBIES. There are only(I think) 7 types of zombies! D: So, after a while, you learn the abilities of all the zombies and can usually predict what they are going to do. Now, the AI does mix up stuff every so often, but it's not enough to give the zombies enough diversity to make them COMPLETELY unpredictable.If you've read this review to here, here's a free cookie for your Cookie Clicker. :)  -----|* * * |-----Thanks for reading this review! I hope this convinces you on your decision to buy this! :D"
76561198088179087,Recommended,238430,16989251,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,DanielRain,Really fun Game I really enjoy it
76561198089587582,Recommended,238430,20597452,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Th0rv4l,"Bought serveral copies of this game when it was in Alpha. It has come a long way and is loads of fun! You can play a few quick matches and walk away if you like. It does not consume your day, although it can if you are with the right people or on a role. You can actually play as a zombie and hunt PC's."
76561198073291574,Recommended,238430,20595174,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Arkion,-Joined Game-Had 3 Other People In-game-One guy started shooting each other-Guy got bit by zombie-He begged for mercy and asked to be put down-Shot him-He didn't die-We left him as he was screaming in agony as zombies mauled him-He came back as a zombie-He bit the other two guys-They didn't say anything-One guy randomly died-He came back too-Two player zombies hered us into a house-We hid in bathroom-Guys broke in through windows-Died11/10 would die from burgular zombies again
,Recommended,238430,26273211,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Distant Life Form,"This is very good if, of course, you have friends to play it with."
76561198011674866,Recommended,238430,10950998,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Ceej,"This is an intense game and a breath of fresh air in the tired zombie surivial drama. This is a game that requires you to think be smart, conserve ammo, and think about every decision you make. A wrong turn or a shot missed could be all the difference between getting eaten alive and surviving the level. I highly reccomend Contagion to anyone that is ultimately looking for a more methodical Left 4 Dead."
76561198090887328,Recommended,238430,10952822,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Biff,"This game is fun and even a little unique, but not a great game than everybody should buy. It stands out from other zombie shooters by its looting ans searching mechanics. You find weapons and ammo that randomly spawns in different places and with different loot. Weapons are limited in number as i believe there are only 11 (not 100% sure on that) but at least the weapons are varied and behave differently and are not just bigger versions of your pistol. There are also items that unlock new areas that are used to progress through the map like keys and boltcutters. The ammount of open buildings in outdoor areas is poor as there are only a couple open buildings. Maps do change in structure which is a nice addon which makes it more varied but can make the game harder early on looking for key items.Now the most important part in zombie games, the zombies. Their ai isnt that impressive and even gets caught on double doors even though 1 door is open. They move slowly but can do some damage if they get close. Large groups are a garunteed death if you are alone and go in loud. But, a really nice things is the headshots, they are awsome and some of the best i've seen.This game isnt bad exactly but its has problems, but if you think you will like it your probably will. Buy it when its on sale as $20 is a little expensive if your unsure."
,Recommended,238430,11002868,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Depression,"This game is alot of fun and it's not that hard to get in to and start to enjoy.I think it is the most entertaining and most ""realistic"" Zombie game there is (YET)I really think that you should buy it!"
76561198119576247,Recommended,238430,11210709,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,RymRyu,Great and realistic game for zombie lovers
,Recommended,238430,10951198,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Pr0_Pain,"This game shaped up to be more than i expected ! Taking queues from L4D and adding their own twist on top is just awesome. Random objectives, Hunter mode and more makes this an awesome and fun to play with friends game."
76561198008678747,Recommended,238430,10961794,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Mr. Malakh,Super awesome and super realistic!! I love this game! One of the best zombie games I have played.
,Recommended,238430,10976181,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,nakita,"Love this game, bought it shortly after it was released. its come a long way. i would suggest it to anyone !"
76561198050723198,Recommended,238430,10982238,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Syranax,This game is amazing!!!! It's great for any zombie game lover.
76561198095539561,Recommended,238430,10986025,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,EmTec Helo,Fun Zombie game
,Recommended,238430,11007147,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,║404║GTR║Xerati║,If you like Zombie games you should get this game.With the different game mode you will have alot of fun playing this game.
,Recommended,238430,11010740,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Zerklass,This game is contagious.
,Recommended,238430,11024299,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,meuvoy,"Excelent game! My friend Recommended me but I was not expectating that much, the game looks awesome with a inovative way of gameplay were the crosshairs aren't a point to guide the bullet so even if you have the head of a zombie right on the center of the iron sights the bullet will probably not meet its target, the flashlight can be reflected back to your eyes and let you blind and the zombies can't be killed with shots in random places Only on the head! This is far the best zombie game I've ever played.Sadly it have a Critical case of GPU memory gluttony."
,Recommended,238430,11068453,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,CommanderChiefGG,today's ally is tomorrow's enemy
,Recommended,238430,11070827,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Capt_Outaouais,Fine game for fan of source games.
,Recommended,238430,11107836,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Rassp Omega,One of the best FPS zombies games out there again a must have!
,Recommended,238430,11108396,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,psychic kappa,very fun
76561198131978477,Recommended,238430,11157379,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Vermontious,Connected to a Co-op server and was shot.Turned into a zombie that moved painfully slow.Left Server.Played Kiling Floor.10/10 Would play Killing Floor.
76561198041622946,Recommended,238430,11160503,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,leoscar,"I seriously don't beleive that metacritic only gave this a 62%, it has alot of potential. Sure it's a bit rough around the edges, but with a couple of more months of patching, it could really be a decent L4D alternative."
76561198083625515,Recommended,238430,11175645,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,NANI! omae wa mou shindeiru,i got rapped by a zombie its still a nightmare
,Recommended,238430,11177051,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Caplet,This game is awesome!
,Recommended,238430,10957414,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,ferretpelt,"I'm still trying to figure out if I like this game.  It is ... quick.  Most of the time.I'm not sure I always like the whole ""turn into a zombie when you die"" aspect of the gameplay, but can see it as something folks might enjoy.  But then, I was never an ""alien"" player either.Graphics are interesting, and I've had a good time learning my way around the controls- sometimes a bit cryptic.  But then, how much fun is there is just knowing how to be a pro as soon as it starts."
,Recommended,238430,11057924,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Chad Thundercock,tried to climb down a ladder and fell to my death.Shotguns are sniper rifles9/10 its ok
,Recommended,238430,8438802,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,hsmoke,"As far as Early Access games go, Contagion is more or less a bug free, and fairly polished experience. It's just missing something. Alot of somthings. A huge amount of somethings.So far, the Beta offers 3 game modes, Escape, Hunt and Exctraction, all of which are excatly what it says on the tin. And out of all of these, none of them actually require teamwork, strategy or survival. For a game that does brand itself as a survival experience, there is no surviving to be done, other than kill zombies and don't get your brains blown out by your team mates. So unlike Zombie Panic: Source, weight and being outnumbered are no longer issues. You can literally kill off an entire horde by yourself, without using pr0 MLG SkiLLz. So far I have had one team-like experience, which was later ruined by my team-mate blasting my head all over the floor with a Hunting Rifle.However, this game isn't all bad. It's very pretty, and dynamic, and lots of areas on the maps (all three of them) are accesible and can be interacted with, and they are not easily exploited. Whilst playing, I also felt some genuine panic and struggle. Sadly, not over the zombie, but more so the fact the rest of the bloodthirsty server was after me. And they were much better players. ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.Overall, Contagion is a huge leap from Zombie Panic: Source but sadly it does not borrow enough from it. However, the game is still just in Beta and more maps, weapons and mechanincs will be added sooner or later (please, please, PLEASE.)+ Lovely dynamic environments.+ Well thought-out character lore, the game makes good use of the little story-telling oppurtunities online games have+ Very well polished for an Early Access game.- Really, there isn't much to do.- Survival and Teamwork opportunities are not very well enhanced, you could plow through a horde by yourself.7/10"
76561198119234463,Recommended,238430,27600127,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Mithril superiorservers.co,hope they add more to this game
,Recommended,238430,9874171,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Reef,"I love this game, one of the funnest/most successful indie games of the year. It is like dayz in a much smaller area, and the pvp is so much fun. GET THIS"
,Not Recommended,238430,29262182,Posted: 14 January,all,taintedcheese,I played Zombie Panic!: Source religiously (the game the devs made before this). This game is bad.
,Recommended,238430,28825570,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,™The Killer™,this game so cool and good to play
,Recommended,238430,13803967,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,ᕕ( ᐛ )ᕗ hellcase.com,"Contagion, the bane of early access games on Steam. Or so we thought. I bought this game during the sale, and I have never witnessed such a suprise or such a comeback from anything my entire life! This game was basically brought back from the dead (Pun sort-of intended but not really), and it suprises me that such an infamous, outdated engine game can be so colorful, thoughtful, fun, exciting, and overall amazing to play! There is one drawback that the devs promised to fix, and that's the content. I will not go over the content of this game, however, I will tell you there is not enough servers with people and not enough gamemodes and maps, but the devs have promised a free DLC to accomodate our needs. Oh, yeah, the devs are super helpful too, and with their background knowledge on pretty much everything computer related, they are an excellent service to rely on if the game becomes buggy or too intense for computers (which happens rarely). This game is so far my favorite in my tiny Steam Library of 25 games, including Team Fortress 2, all the Portal games, and all the Bioshock games. I love this game. I love it. It is too good to pass up, and although I did purchase this during a sale, I believe it is still worth the $20 that they ask for because it is so brilliant of a masterpiece. Please. Buy this game. We need the people, and the support for these awesome developers. ROCK ON GUYS!"
,Recommended,238430,13843122,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Sighless,*Checks Phone* Hears Brbbbb brbbb Shhhiiiii-
,Recommended,238430,13813556,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,tedzza,"Contagion is a fantastic game with amazing graphics, immersive gameplay and a sense of terror that you can never shake off.This game is not your average zombie shooter game, it is an intense survival game that is best played in a team with friends. Watch as you struggle to survive, using whatever is around you to keep you and/or your team safe. Move from building to building, reinforcing each one until it gets broken down by the infected.This game also adds a new perspective to zombie survival games. When in multiplayer, instead of dying, you become one of the infected. Your aim is no longer to survive, it is to kill the surviving.There are a range of maps, gamemodes and characters to choose from which gives you a completely different experience each time you play."
,Recommended,238430,13833980,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,21 Savage,you will spen lots of time on it and it fun get it now
76561198027327865,Recommended,238430,13837334,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,davidvondrasek,"If it's cheap on sale go for it. I only play single-player and have gotten a fair bit of value out of it, but single player is linited to Escape mode as far as I can tell and there are only 4 or 5 maps. 2 of which are so difficult (even on easy mode) that I haven't been able to make headway even after 80 hours on other levels. Main cons are very poor consistency between maps even on the same difficulty,  little to no online help, and promise after promise of upgrades and enhancements for the last 4 months that never appear while the developers 'work through their personal issues's.  Also, to make it worse, there is no in game save, so you start over from the beginning each time. So once you hit an impass you might as well quit, and don't buy it based on it being in current development. Long story short, it was worth $10-$15 bucks, but I was hoping for more, especially along the upgrade front."
,Recommended,238430,13866611,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,d.STARRR    wNe,This game is a cool egoshooter =)The graphic is very NICE !!!The fun that you have in the game is 90% :D
,Recommended,238430,13714973,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Julles,"Realy good game, has different type of missions and every time maps have different kind of routes to follow. It would be realy great, if I could find team of 8 people with who I could gun through those maps.Awesome!"
76561198135669547,Recommended,238430,13823154,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,♥Kiba♥,Great game with good Community..good buy
,Recommended,238430,17693772,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,big ol' doinks,Zombie Panic Source's lead successor
,Recommended,238430,10663171,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Clanky,Best zombie game
,Not Recommended,238430,7807625,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Jeremythellama1,Just no.Everything that went wrong through beta.Went ♥♥♥♥ing wrong.
,Recommended,238430,23814067,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,★ Jp158,I stoped playing this for a while and but when i did play it is was amazing and i love this game but know its dead. Im not saying the game is horrible now its still as great as it was back when i played it but when i tried to play it again i could not find a lobby no one plays this anymore and it sucks and the people that do play it just rush through mission and dont care about others. This game should have a bigger audience because its still a fun and amazing game.PS: I want this game to come back I want more people to play if you are reading this but that game and make it come back to life it needs help no joke and thats why i still give it a thumbs up (PRESS F TO PAY RESPECT)
,Recommended,238430,9914540,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,Ashmore [目隠しダ],"Based on Source Engine, 10/10.Would play again."
,Recommended,238430,8236621,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,possom2009,"A great game. Great graphics, just wish there were more weapons and weapon slots. Looking foward to when it gets out of beta."
76561198193557654,Recommended,238430,20559647,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Ozzy jb,Contagen is a great game but has its face palm moments such as when you get backed up into a corner its moreless over for you especially in flatline but the game is amzing in terms of graphics and its very rare that the i let alone the community  ( bieng the lover of zombie games that i am ) find a game that seems like a zombie apocalypse that COULD happen in real life i especially enjoy the fact that nobody is safe from the infection and can turn turn into a zombie at any time after getting hit aleast once. The level of detail on most ( AHEM MOST ) guns is just astounding my personal opnion 9/10......................................... BUT SERIOUSLY GET GUD AT HEADSHOTS OR YOU WILL DIE.
76561198088210840,Recommended,238430,15652631,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,wrobinson29,I can play the game it will just go to it i press play any game mode it does no work i wasted 20 dollers
,Recommended,238430,8965230,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,GasMask,Very nice multiplayer zombie apocalipse game. Once finished it'll be very cool. I love to barricade myself on a second level of a house and snipe for zombies :D
76561198033160100,Recommended,238430,11979946,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,-Zeroz- Anthony,"RLY GREAT GAME. It was so scary at first to me, now Its not as scary so I can actually play the game, but still pretty scary, but in a good way.10/10"
76561198280613059,Recommended,238430,33564370,Posted: 15 July,all,Jakka,Tis Was Good
76561198137636192,Recommended,238430,13207805,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Leetfeet72,good good game i hate theres not single player thoe
76561198240801748,Recommended,238430,17380191,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Ace Of Duck,fun game but no one plays it no  more D:
76561198091453261,Recommended,238430,10688202,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Pague o aluguel,"Vale a pena, um dos únicos jogos de zumbi atuais que te prende ao jogo."
,Recommended,238430,10742618,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,ShadowofYeezus,zambies
,Recommended,238430,11581221,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Xenomorph,very good game exept for 1 thing.... the player zombies are the most op♥♥♥♥♥♥in the worldso yes and no
76561197974527782,Recommended,238430,11787960,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Cyberdragon,Xfire will make this game crash but other than that its ok
76561198073560217,Recommended,238430,9913385,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,Force,Contain the Gion
76561198073917036,Recommended,238430,10810641,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Killa,aburrido siempre los mismos mapas (3 mapas ) 7/10
,Recommended,238430,10887363,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Yamaha,Sooo ♥♥♥♥ing glitched....
,Recommended,238430,11942631,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Naughty Dooter,Contagion is a game where you remodel houses with tasteful planks of wood and watch ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s wreck everything
,Recommended,238430,12410213,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Aegis_Keeper,Walker/10 would play again
,Recommended,238430,13207879,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Aud_itor,es gud game wit gud play
,Recommended,238430,14729297,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,SeppukU,сырая но не аригинальная и весёлая игра...движок кс напоминает хоть и на анриал движке! 5/5
,Not Recommended,238430,17047316,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,therandomguy|celerium.co,it wont load up please help
,Recommended,238430,10238887,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Pugolas,Das Spiel wird von Update zu Update besser und umfangreicher!
76561198010290375,Recommended,238430,10665847,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Stormzy is my DOGGO,a game with a lot of potential but atm it feels like early beta
,Recommended,238430,10815610,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,markdevastation!,left 4 dead with more objective play
,Recommended,238430,10817759,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Feminine Husband,"I would recommend it for it's very cheap sale price.I wouldn't recommend it for the game's regular $19.99 price point.There's just not enough content here to justify that price. It's a good, fun game...but it gets repeative easily. Which is really a shame, because this game has so much potential. It just needs to fleshed out. All the developers would have to do is flesh out these ideas they already have in the game, and it would be so much better for it. There also needs to be something to make solo play more fun as well. Maybe a progression system to keep things interesting. Even little, simple things like that would make the game more interesting."
,Recommended,238430,10882863,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,gburnie,Guys! Guys! It's Zombie Panic all grown up! :D BUY IT!
,Recommended,238430,11338846,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Sarpy,"Best small scale zombie survival game out right now, but it REALLY lacks content. They've clearly released it too early, too buggy and too little content for a game that is fully released"
76561198134898439,Recommended,238430,11490452,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,CrapAtEverything,It's too haaaaaarrrrd!
76561198021848267,Recommended,238430,11942838,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,..,
76561198101464171,Recommended,238430,13598007,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Eric Harris,Love the game but there are lots of glitches
76561198097275318,Recommended,238430,17591924,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,KYRspeedy,i got this game for free when it was bad so you all can suck it
,Recommended,238430,10644231,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,rindragon,
,Recommended,238430,10701326,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,BAWB.BAGET,door grief simulator 2014
,Recommended,238430,10793163,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,JamalSuperAuto.com,Frindly Fire Simulator 2014
76561198122741875,Recommended,238430,11434831,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,ChewblackDad,Köööööp
76561198121344441,Recommended,238430,13677759,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,ROSROK79,I am having a problem Launching my game. I says Failed d3d Device..??? unsure what that means.
76561198012273110,Not Recommended,238430,13708950,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Lazy Madman,"Extraction: A mode that i found to be the most boring. you  go around rescuing NPCs, holding out for a while, sending them off, rince, repeat. Boring, repetitive.Escape: When i saw the map ""biotech"" i was psyched since it was my favorite ZPO map in ZPS, but i couldnt play though it because when 1 person died they absolutely crushed everyone else as a zombie, but more on that later. Despite my attempts i found the maps much larger than they had any business being, spawns for zombies were either too close or too far from the survivors from what i played, and running around doing objectives felt a lot more like a chore than anything else.Hunt: The only mode i found fun for a while until i realized that it's just a rush for the power weapons and that's it. Go for a machine gun and burst someone down when they can't see you and you've just about won it. What's more is that it basically comes down to who sees who gets the jump on who. You become a zombie when you die, but that's got its own issues.Survivor play: It felt like i was playing a clunky version of No More Room in Hell. You have some zombies that are fast, some that are slow, but the problem is that some of them are players.Zombie play: Dart around and either eat up or dodge their shots, when they reload go in for an easy kill. not to mention there is a grapple mechanic so go behind them and bite someone to infect them and you've basically got an easy kill or more than just 1 easy kill.I wouldn't recommend this game at all. If you want PVP go on ZPS if you want PVE go on NMRIH. They should have just focused on making Hunt mode its most attractive feature, but in its current state i get the feeling that 2 of the modes are useless and one is just potential that i highly doubt can be realized because of the mechanics and overall feel of the game."
,Not Recommended,238430,13715743,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Shadeslayer,"I tried to like this game. I did try...Contagion is fairly dull and repetitive. They also expect you to know how the missions work which is a pain because even if YOU can understand where you need to go, the others when you are playing cooperatively might not.It's nothing new. Zombies. Shoot them. Armored zombies. Shoot them a lot. Run through a city. Hide in a building until the game says to move on to a new location. Shoot some zombies.Even on sale: not worth it."
76561198141967319,Recommended,238430,14054206,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Zombie,SHOULD BE FREE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198031758729,Not Recommended,238430,14423641,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,sligocki,Where am I supposed to go? No map and very little guidance.
,Recommended,238430,20692311,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Freedom Chicken,"DayZ mixed with Left4dead? Perfect combination, this game did everything right!Graphic:Running on the source engine it's actually look pretty, texture look nice and detail and so does the model of the zombie themselvesMap:Even if it was run on the source engine, in some map and location it can lag a bit, my PC trying to maintain 30-40 fps on area that have a lot of depbris or zombie, the map are pretty much the same so don't expect a huge open world (it's on the source engine anyway) the map look highly detail with dark night of the city and the beautiful luscious dawn of shader this game make the map look impressive and gorgeous, loots and randomly generated so don't expect to find a shotgun at the same place and the same map.Ai:The zombie act almost indenitcal to DayZ zombie, when fire a gun it's attract more zombies and if you caught running the zombie can hear it, sometime when their too many zombie spawning it's start to glitch out a little on the ai zombie will stop for a brief second and continue to chase you.Multiplayer:The game multiplayer is the charm hunted is one of my favorite. Basically you spawn in and defend yourself from both Zombie and player, it's a one man standing type of game, escape it's like survival except in a small and dim lit maps some of them are actual escape (by mean of escaping the map). Some provide a kind of COD zombie style where you survival in an endless horde of zombie. Extraction is the boring one, you kill zombies (duh) and escort an NPC to safety to some it's fun but to me it just boring.Can I run it?Since its a game using the source engine I would say yes you can run it with almost all machine my old computer is capable of running this game at low setting in 800x600. So expect for decent performances and fps.Conclusion: I would give it a 8/10 and a yes I recommend you guys play this game.Pros-great graphic-unique gameplay-easy to run-great workshop community-randomly generatedCons-hard to maintain 30-40 fps on certain location-glitchy ai-no workshop map-boring extraction game mode"
76561198030035329,Recommended,238430,13325405,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Bogan Doggy Scum,awesom!
,Recommended,238430,25611396,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,𝔻𝔸𝕋 𝔹𝕆𝕐,really good game if you get into understanding everything
,Recommended,238430,9422032,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Badddger,"I've barely scratched the surface to this game and it is already very fun! This game has so much potantial, I can't wait until the official release and more people start playing it! The zombies are slow (mostly) and usually easy to kill (If you're good at headshots). However, if you get caught in a bad situation and overun, you can die very quickly! Can't wait to play the other modes with other players!"
,Recommended,238430,12070879,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,YST,"Development is steady, but the content is getting there. Looking forward to more updates."
,Recommended,238430,10644781,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,- The AntiCitizen -,ITs really good.
,Not Recommended,238430,8236687,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,UltraViolence,"This game's bad, sorry, not worth the money. Not even at 3.75"
76561198167222074,Recommended,238430,26405770,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Kris.Pocev,"To be honest, yes sometimes the game seems a little slugish and repetitive, but the feature of having a diffirent kind of game every time is pretty cool, say your in a map, and there are two long roads, either which can be the way for success.Screw drugs, try out this game instead."
76561198121577797,Recommended,238430,17672085,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,❤ ❤ ❤ ❤ farmskins.com,nice
,Recommended,238430,24504333,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,matty-o,"This is just No More Room In Hell. I wouldn't reccomend buying it because No More Room In Hell is free and the servers on Contagion have little to no people. Still, it's a neat game if you get is as a gift or something, just don't buy it."
76561198306726154,Recommended,238430,24511243,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Zz_THEGREATZ_Zz1,"this game is a coop action shooter in which survivors are forced to work together or die many painful deaths. I like this game because it has what other mainstream games dont, like barricading, infection and gettin to play as the mother F in zombies son! But there is another option than this game. If you dont have any money and want a really tense, zombie HORROR game instead, I recomend no more room in hell as it has all the things I like in a zombie game and... ITS FOR FREE!"
,Not Recommended,238430,34953079,Posted: 14 September,all,Vintage,"Great Game, Dead Game"
76561198068973644,Recommended,238430,8450897,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Professor Dickbutt,Another beta stage game that's pretty fun currently and the creator wants to develope the game for the better based on the comments of his fans! or what I like to call a gold mine!Cmon it's not to much money come join the fun.
76561197965832589,Recommended,238430,7561977,"Posted: 3 November, 2013",all,KamZa,Geiles Spiel!
,Recommended,238430,10386823,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,asexual plant,"Very fun, I just got it today but I've already had a lot of fun with this.It's a lot like a more updated, fun version of No More Room In HellI would buy again."
,Recommended,238430,27225539,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Percy Lobão,muito bom esse jogo de zumbi recomendo :D
76561198027974626,Recommended,238430,24917291,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,-Slap-,contagion 2 ?
76561198084947430,Recommended,238430,22595102,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,PowerHouseBrad,"me and a few friends start playing this game on the hard and I was going to kill a zombie.....friend walks in my way....i blow his brains out.......friend comes back as zombie......friend finds me and other friend in prision control room....friens looks in the room threw window and says..... ""I know your in there (my name) I can see you!!!""......me and other friend run in the nack of the room and hide in the cloest my friend then says ""that door isnt going to save you""........him and hord kill us.. :)"
,Recommended,238430,22597238,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Panda,Like it
,Recommended,238430,33375574,Posted: 8 July,all,Peacock,amazing
76561198054288710,Recommended,238430,7837603,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Peg leg,Epic!
,Recommended,238430,25030670,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Oozy,meh
76561197990232994,Recommended,238430,24975638,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,MOVRIC,"GOOD GAME I JUST HAVE NO IDEA WHERE WHAT OR WHEN I SHOULD BE DOING AND WHO TO, SO I JUST TEND TO SHOOT ZOMBIES UNTILL I DIE AND RETURN AS A ROACH."
76561198288595334,Recommended,238430,25018391,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,turbotuky54,THIS IS SO GOOD
,Recommended,238430,7879433,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,HvH Day 1,Great game.
76561198024587790,Not Recommended,238430,29639606,Posted: 1 February,all,The War Maiden,"Crappy, boring and very poorly made. Not many people play it and its not very fun."
,Recommended,238430,20165105,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Zhu qian qian's boy friend,I think this game is better than the left dead 4. It's not allowing you to have a lot of ammunation. Just like the evil within. you need to learn how to escape from the monsters.
,Recommended,238430,16361255,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,JokersWild,"I bought this game on early access and play it from time to time.  As a note to others, I generally only play SOLO.  So I can not really tell you much about the multiplayer part of this.  I play SOLO because I like to enjoy the games I play and not rush through killing everything and beating it as quickly as I can.That being said, all in all it is a good game.  The graphics are fairly good, think the zombies were a little clunky, but not bad.  Gameplay was pretty good.  I like that at least some of the maps change up a little here and there so it is not one pre-set way to do a map.  Is a fair amount of weapons and such.  Somethings like keys I do not see a reason in taking up inventory slots, but that is minor details.  So based on single player, I'd say it is a fun game with room for expansion (which I am pretty sure has a workshop as well).  Good job."
76561198185972143,Recommended,238430,22587049,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,cloudmanwalkeris,"This game is the most realistic zombie game I have ever played. It is tough, even on easy difficulty and has a very high replayability going for it. No two games are ever the same. I have tried playing it online but there are some complete ♥♥♥♥♥ out there who are just pathetically rude, I always play the game solo and I doubht I will be uninstalling any time soon. A fantastic, challenging and scary game."
76561197999071107,Recommended,238430,22586934,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,john the bean boy,"Great game, lots of fun when playing games with not too many people/with a a handful of friends. Only one major gripe/problem with it: no personal/private dedicated servers like in other games such as left 4 dead. Its fun being able to make your own private game to play with friends.The immersion into the game is ruined when randoms who've memorized the entire map pop in and make a speedrun through the entire thing and finish it in like 2 seconds. Also there aren't that many official maps, which is easily fixed by getting custom maps off workshop, but theres no way to play these maps with friends across the world without such incredible lag that its essentially unplayable.Honestly the game is fine at the moment not much needs to change, but just add the ability to host dedicated servers built into the game and I'd be able to reccomend it completely, thats the most important thing that needs to be added."
,Recommended,238430,24261916,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,BigBro,♥♥♥♥ing Edgy
76561198029714871,Recommended,238430,22535870,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Rip,"非常好玩，3年前买的作品。放到现在依然那么经典，准备入手原声大碟。算是支持制作方了。辛苦了。这么出色的游戏。Most Recommended game for spare time. It's kind of classic, but It's worth playing. Than any other game like wt bias and some crap you wouldn't even understand that why do they got courage to invent those garbage. Like I said, It's worth owning. Imma going to buy that ost. Could be a part of donnation for our develop team. And hopes our team can make this game better and better. GL. HF."
76561198018853314,Recommended,238430,8496446,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,vigilant,worth it
76561198077425443,Recommended,238430,15861080,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,ShrekWazowski,10/10 Would get bit by a zombie and get infected to back stab my team mates again
76561198097307156,Recommended,238430,9877089,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,checkraisefold,L
76561197989312593,Recommended,238430,11941918,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Acid Cupcake csgojoe.com,game has some probs
,Recommended,238430,19326787,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,chetan.N,Zombie panic! Nice
,Recommended,238430,8249103,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Bloody,"ive only played a few hours, but i think i can safely say i reccomend this game. its definitly not for everyone, but its got some great things going for it.it is somewhat like left 4 dead, with some  interesting modes, a darker, and more frightening atmosphere, and much less spraying.you do have to be very conservative with your ammo, and really be on the lookout for ammo and weapons.id say its  a less kiddie version of left 4 dead, in that it does take some skill and patience to play.the maps are incredible. very large, and open, and very non-linear.  you can spend quite some time jsut exploring the maps.i actually had a little adrenaline going  when i was palying it, which not many games do for me any more."
76561198065638436,Recommended,238430,10697553,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Superstar Cole,"Pretty fun game its like no more room in hell but better, fun game modes and zombies are awesome"
,Recommended,238430,26467304,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,terry,Pretty fun
,Recommended,238430,29909096,Posted: 13 February,all,Peridot,"great game, play with your friends; don't bother looking for randoms.If you want to find randoms see games:*Left 4 Dead**Zombie Panic Source*It's like zombie panic, but better in basically every way, however this genre is kinda dead. *hue hue hue*if you don't have any friends to play with you, and you need to play solo, don't buy this game.Otherwise have fun."
76561198343835368,Recommended,238430,29840642,Posted: 10 February,all,killerlogan_XD,good game just like no more room in helll its good to play as zomzzzz:o
,Not Recommended,238430,10670663,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,LootenantDan,It's ok but still riddled with bugs. I cannot yet recommend this game.
,Recommended,238430,11916223,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,AngrySkull,"The thinking man's L4D.  My favorite game mode 'Escape' has you and up to seven other players cooperating to escape from the map, which is dynamically arranged with new paths and objectives every time you play.Ammo conservation and trigger discipline is absolutely critical, you can't just mindlessly run into a room full of zombies and hope to survive without backup, you never know where the next box of bullets will be.  The frenetic horde-style action of L4D is replaced with a somewhat more thoughtful pace, you have time to realize that you have three bullets left, and you know you'll have to open another door to maybe find more ammo, or a room full of zombies, and ideally they aren't going to break through it while you're considering your options.Teammate cooperation becomes not only beneficial, but it is required for success, as each player has a very limited supply of ammunition, and whatever weapons they've picked up along the way.  Your guns, one of which you'll spawn with, the rest need to be found as they spawn randomly, have to be manually reloaded, and you'll need headshots if you hope to kill enough zombies to get through the next room.  Melee weapons are an option, if you've found any, but the speed of lifting your axe to swing it, chopping an enemies arm off, to have them continue attacking you, leaves you open to attack from more zombies behind you.The randomly appearing obstacles through each map include things like: locked doors; you found a key right? Fires; This hallway is on fire, did anyone find a fire extinguisher?  Chained up doors; damn!  There's got to be some bolt cutters somewhere...So, you ran out of ammo, fell into a fire, and got trapped against a locked door while a horde of zombies came rushing in?  No problem!Dying in coop has a consolation prize, you die and become a zombie!  Now you can punish your erstwhile companions for having gotten to that ammo before you did, not helping you find a fire extinguisher, and not shooting those zombies that were attacking you!  After all, that was probably what caused your death, right?  Every player that has died is now on a team of zombies, to coordinate their attack and prevent the players from accomplishing their objectives to escape.All in all, killed a zombie with a wrench and died in a fire 10/10 would buy again"
,Recommended,238430,10862571,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,garfield,like terminator without linda hamilton
76561197972232265,Recommended,238430,13634965,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Smike,The game might be slow at first but when you know what you are doing you can master this game like a pro-nice graphics-zombie AI is good-Weather system is smaching-gun's are nice-online is awsome-worth the money-play solobrains ahhhh zombies
,Recommended,238430,10331037,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Aequitas147,Great game. Taylor should play it
76561198081972843,Recommended,238430,10012329,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Hank Hill,"i recommend this game 100% IF you have friends to play it with, the others you might be playing it with might otherwise ruin the experience for you. The single player can get bland when you playing by yourself."
76561198013462546,Recommended,238430,32584199,Posted: 19 June,all,7thsojurn,"THIS GAME HAS THE POTENTIAL TO BE ONE OF THE GREATEST ZOMBIE GAMES YET, TO BAD FOR ONE POOR IDEA IT IS NOT:The huge maps and awsome looking citys and other areas are done so very well, with the cool sounding zombies and horrifying areas look and feel so real, an has excellent game play.  But one thing pelages this game the inventory is so very small but this is not the issue that is if the items needed to open up areas was not add to the same inventory.  Most items used to open doors like keys and fire extinguisher put out fire so you can enter a new area and the third item, bolt cutters to cut chains on gates to new areas are put in a different area not in your inventroy used for weapons and healing other especially such a small inventory.  Do to items use more then once and most area there is 3 items used on one end of the map and re-used on another end. Using more then one item like this makes it very frustrating do to looking for hours for that very same item left way on another end of the map. This is a very poor map layout design and inventory size design flaw.   Please read this review and fix this items issue needed to open areas,  or expaned inventroy or have another item of the same type so not to lose the only one you have.  I like this game but never finished one hole game yet, do to this poor idea it not fun trying to fine lost items for hours wondering around the hole area.But with this major flaw it still a very cool game, but i wish the game designers would hear the gamers issue more offten an fix them, making there game one of the best zombie games out there.  I still recommand this game to every one its a very good game.""I WANT TO BUY TWO MORE OF THIS GAME"" one for each of my kids so we can play togather but if the invenory in this game and item issue is not fixed it's not a game we would play online toghter with this issue Please fix this and you will sale two more of these games.Your game sales will grow and i will post this (add-on) in my review of how great your customer service is and  letting everyone know this game is a very fun online game in face book an every media i'm  on... Thank you in advance... If you wish for more game idea post  me in my email...WARNING: MOST MAP GAME MODS ARE BROKEN IN THE BROWSING SITE  SO UNTILL THEY FIX THEM THE REPLAY VALUE IS SHORT.  THE GAMES ARE NOT READY TO PLAY, MOST ARE IN BLUE GRID LINE NOT DONE TO BE PUT IN SITE FIX THIS PLEASE...One more thing the game is set to heard for a single player game...."
,Recommended,238430,24539923,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,[TT] Black Tar Heroin,"Sleep well, sweet prince."
,Recommended,238430,18837336,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,CatJuice,"A very interesting game, gud graphic and dats wat i like, nice animation, u like doing objectives and killing zombies ? well this game is for u :). 10/10."
,Recommended,238430,18812497,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,fxckitsdillan,10/10 Would play for days and become a spectator so I can be a cockroach following my friends.
,Recommended,238430,18834958,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,version00,Very much recommended! But would love for this game to come to mac as my other PC died :( But very good gameplay overall with a fun PvP system and a great survival/mission mode(s)
,Recommended,238430,18841013,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,SaturnsVoid,"I like the game, took a few seconds to get the controls. I bought copys for my friends."
76561198250696828,Recommended,238430,18787436,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Habibi Shawarma,Graphics goodGameplay goodBut what i really didn't enjoy was the multiplayer it is fun pvp but the fact that when you die you turn into zombieis just not fun.
76561198092469315,Recommended,238430,22341009,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Diary of a Pimpy Kid,Game is freakn awesome as hell
,Not Recommended,238430,22341603,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,mumu,its dead
,Recommended,238430,22378728,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Warkanum,"This is not a bad game at all. I got it off special, so I'll give it a thumbs up."
,Recommended,238430,23377713,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,๖Vɪɴʏʟ™ ✓,"even today this game could be priced at more than it is now and still be worth every penny, it's and amazing game and if you dont allready have it then i suggest you get it! runs well even on medicore PCs. there shouldn't be much of a problem running this, even in the most dire situations (if you could call it that) then i have never had a single lagspike or anything below 45 (i think that is the lowest it has ever been)TL;DR Buy the game"
,Recommended,238430,35153135,Posted: 23 September,all,LUC1FER,"fun game, not many people play it."
76561198050344963,Recommended,238430,33921793,Posted: 30 July,all,Run Them Jewels,"si, me gusta."
76561198046918444,Recommended,238430,35013685,Posted: 16 September,all,mk19752004,"Good Game, But three things.1. If you want to play solo you can but if you die , you start over.2. Sometimes a player can get stuck in corners.3. Sometimes it takes you game a few minutes to reload when i die.But still a good game."
76561198058960683,Recommended,238430,35055314,Posted: 18 September,all,PurelyPureness,"Contagion is a epic!Its mechanics are fun and simple, graphics are gorgeous and its gameplay is intense.You can hrs upon hrs on this with friends just messing around in this fun af zombie world.But rn the community and player population is dead with no new updates so its best to get friends on a single server.Still, its a gorgeous game if you can get a server together"
,Recommended,238430,34166391,Posted: 11 August,all,Sysmek,"fun for a week, 2 weeks if you have some friends."
,Recommended,238430,34023165,Posted: 4 August,all,PixelKhaos,"Simillar to No More Room in Hell, but with varied game modes, better maps and overall more polished.Definitively worth a try."
,Recommended,238430,34046470,Posted: 5 August,all,Chris421X,"fun game, nice mechanics and gunplay, but multiplayer is dead, plus trying to open a server to play with a friend gives you cancer"
76561198304881440,Recommended,238430,34313952,Posted: 17 August,all,bleayprior,fun
76561198349333351,Recommended,238430,35071617,Posted: 19 September,all,Pybro781,"This game is awesome! Dead or not, Contagion warms my heart as one of my favorite games. This game is a succesor to a hl2 mod Zombie Panic! Source, and it has its wins over zps. Contagion has zombie AI, making it mouch tougher, more things to worry about, and balancing the team just a little bit. In zps, there had to be a zombie player every round, Whitey was the only to be able to infect survivors and a very little infection rate because the carrier was the only one that could infect. Contagion has it where EVERYONE can infect, doesnt even matter if its AI or not, infection can happen. Contagion has a butt ton more survivors and just overall a good succesor to a good game. Stay awesome. And another thing, devs, update ur ♥♥♥♥ing game. Its too good to just be sitting around steam being another dead game to play. Anyway good game!"
76561198005537526,Recommended,238430,35017244,Posted: 17 September,all,AIDS,"excellent game, little bit cheezy, but if it had the proper funding, it should be one of the best zombie puzzle games.THIS GAME ALSO HAS SPLIT SCREEN. IF YOUR SMART YOULL SET UP A DUAL SCREEN!!!!!"
,Recommended,238430,35245073,Posted: 27 September,all,Jazar-Khajiit,"Good game, but it's dead."
,Recommended,238430,33820632,Posted: 26 July,all,Pie,"This game was good in it's way of being unique compared to the normal zombie routine formula of no infection, surviving tons of bites somehow and all together somehow gunning down hundreds in a second while being a civilian or something.Four years later after it's release the servers are dead and the developers haven't touched it in a long while, sad to see it go down the gutter with nobody play as it was a promising game.EDIT: When I mean promising I mean the original versions back in very early access."
76561198374191600,Recommended,238430,33958344,Posted: 1 August,all,xLokirx,"needs to be updated , few splitscreen bugs with smarthphones on missions but other than that it's a ok game"
76561198126148598,Recommended,238430,34064801,Posted: 6 August,all,partymartyh,I had fun with friends on this one! It`s worth $10 for sure!
76561198170568086,Recommended,238430,35208804,Posted: 25 September,all,ThatScreamingGiraffe,"Absolutely great! I loved the whole zombie survival aspect and how you had to work as a team and not die. The animations are alright and the logic is the best I've seen in Zombie games, If you're bit you turn. And you need to get headshots to kill, I loved it!  I recommend this to people if you don't havet he money for, Dead Island or Left 4 Dead :D"
76561197972715536,Not Recommended,238430,7579372,"Posted: 5 November, 2013",all,Kagami,"At least in early beta this game is nothing special. If anything it's a letdown and just makes you feel like playing L4D for some good co-op zombie survival. That being said, I have high hopes for the finished game."
76561198043383639,Not Recommended,238430,25153251,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Territorial Pissings,This game is more dead than the zombies
76561198006843224,Recommended,238430,7763286,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,M.B.S,that game is so good and that is only beta. XD
76561198085819817,Not Recommended,238430,12755409,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,victorkane115,"The premise is quite good, but the execution is left wanting, and often frustrating. There aren't many maps, but order you move through them differs on each playthrough. The problem is each match still feels incredibly same-ey. Each match can also take quite some time to complete, which is fine.The issue is how easy it is to die at any point. You have a health bar, but it's rather pointless, since you can get infected and turn after a single hit. This leads to infuriating situations where you work with a team well for thirty minutes and have the end almost in site, then get scratched once and turn. The only thing worse is turning early, being stuck playing a zombie the entire match.Actually, being a zombie at any point is bad, since playing as a zombie kinda sucks. You're left wandering around the map, searching for players. Good luck finding them on most maps. You have a 'zombie vision' thing that give you glowing foot steps to follow, but these more often than not lead either nowhere, or in circles. If you're lucky enough to actually find anyone, be prepared to get one shot killed and start the whole labourous search all over.Can only recommend if you enjoy tedium."
,Not Recommended,238430,7837375,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Rrobinvip,我玩过最烂的僵尸游戏
76561198037504331,Not Recommended,238430,8700482,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,ANTI_SANTA,"Despite being in development for so long, there's still almost nothing to do with this game, unless you have three or four other friends who also own the game. There's one PVP map, two maps where you have to defend NPC's that don't defend themselves, and one map where you have to escape a police station which is probably the only map any effort went into. The game itself works and plays just fine, but untill there's more feature, avoid. If you really really want it, just wait until it's on sale, because as it is it's not worth it's current price tag."
76561198029361596,Not Recommended,238430,7850939,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,E5otericDviant,"I'm not sure what everyone else played however the fun factor just isn't here, its not really scary, there is nothing new and its not even that great in its genre. Its a average game wrapped up in a very pretty package.Its cheap and you will be helping an indie developer however its just not very fun to play.Save your money unless you have something other than fun in mind."
,Not Recommended,238430,7875633,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Hunk Skinhub.com,"So I had this in beta, thought it would end up pretty good... Was expecting them to add a lot more to it... I uninstalled it and waited about 3 months. They did the offical release and I reinstalled it. I find that it hasnt changed a bit, yeah they have those 3 game modes, but the escapes are just terrible. The maps are so barely affected by their random generated pathways and item drops. So barely. The maps are so short. They have two escape maps, and each one adds up to about half a left 4 dead map, and by that I mean one safe room to the next safe room. Not the campaign. It's pretty sad, considering they gave out left 4 dead 2 for free one day, and no room left in hell is free. Their other modes have the same problem. Everything you do in the game feels so slow. You run outta energy in about 5 seconds of this slow jog thats this games sprint. There is basically no one playing this game. I mean no one. Out of the two escape maps, when I was playing today, there was only 1 server out of the hundreds with players on it playing this specific map, it was in Australia. The game design is pretty crap too. The lighting is just so terrible whenever youre outside. There will be all kinds of cars with headlights or siren lights on and they give off virtually no light. Some maps are worse than others... yet some rooms are lit by mysterious non existant lights. Its dumb. Finishing a map is no problem, for escape anyways, since theres only about 10 people in the world playing that map at any given time and naturally they are playing it on easy. The game just feels like its still in beta... but its not. The gun mechanics suck... alot... good luck firing from the hip with just about any weapon and actually expecting to hit something. even point blank. Shotgun maybe. Some sub machine gun maybe. Not assault rifles or pistols. theres a delay for turning your flash light on(maybe it was just the australia bs) but youll press it and turn it back off by the time it actually does turn on thinking you missed the key. The whole control set up is ♥♥♥♥ing awful... if you want to play it for longer than I have, you'll have to remap the keys. You got this dumb cellphone, which tells you everytime someone walks through a door. Sometimes you have it going off literally every second to read some dumb message. The process of switching to your cellphone turns off your flashlight(dumb) even if you're carrying a (dumber) pocket flashlight. Switching to your cell phone is done by pressing b...right next to your melee key v... and your drop key g... and your flashlight key f... q sometimes switches to the cellphone but not all the time... so you're gunna be throwing your gun away trying to do any of those other tasks....gameplay, youre just gunna be running after the person who knows the way picking up their scraps, or if your the person who knows the way youre just running ahead of everyone to get the guns... and youll end up using your machete the whole time anyways.. feeling like you have another hour of gameplay to go but really you have another 30 seconds... yeah now that Ive thought about it... this game is actually really terrible. Get left 4 dead1 2... get no room left in hell... making it to the train in no room left in hell feels good, you say to yourself ""Wow, I ♥♥♥♥ing made it yeah all right!"" this game you make it to the train and its more like ""ok... that was totally unsatisfying"" Don't even bother with this game on sale... seriously."
,Not Recommended,238430,8708626,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Thebesj,"Though all in all this game had me going for a good week, that was really it...The game is good overall, but I'm giving it a negative review because the could have done SO much more with!With this being one of the few actually realistic zombie games, where headshots really count, ammo is scarce, and stealth is the key to survival, I was let down pretty bad. What is it.... like 3 or 4 maps? 2 game modes? I know it's still in beta but still, really!Also one of the MAJOR letdowns, has to be that there are only 8 players in hunted mode, i mean, half of the players are already dead when the first minute has passed! What I would suggest for hunted mode would be (for the town map) AT LEAST twice as many players, bigger map, and more houses to enter.Also, it is IMPOSSIBLE to find your way as a zombie. Need like a minimap or at least an indicator that shows where the gunshots are comming from! I don't have stereo, and I can't possibly hear where it comes from. Especially in the objectives/mission map in the highrise, you basically stuck as a zombie most of the time..."
,Not Recommended,238430,12963776,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Whiteskin,"At first, i thought i found a game that could replace the Left 4 Dead franchise, but after i bought it, it just went downhill, got bored so fast i forgot i even had this game, worse part is, i bought a 4 pack and no one would trade for it."
76561198056183394,Not Recommended,238430,13157818,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Mozpow,"Trying to find a full lobby is rare these days, and stuck being the zombie is a huge disadvantage in this game, their power is extremly weak,  couldn't even tear down a window, but it takes humans one hit to break a window. I would join a lobby, automatically a zombie so while other players were laughing and mowing up down, there wasn't anything we could do to counter them. Pretty limited game modes, and the maps are very limited, think you can jump over a bush? Nope, there are a lot of small obsticales that you cannot scale, but you can scale much larger obsticales, makes sense e.e Guns are also extremely limited, very very basic guns are in play here."
,Recommended,238430,7480221,"Posted: 25 October, 2013",all,[x]shiz0frenik,Это лютое♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ никогда не играйте в это!
76561198019914243,Not Recommended,238430,7881934,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Palinouros,"I thought this game had a ton of potential but I was quite disappointed. Basically it plays like every other coop zombie shooter out there. They aimed to make aspsects of it more realistic which is only really evident with how hard it is to find ammo and health. This wouldn't be nearly as obnoxious if the melee mechanics were a bit more polished. You would think whacking on a zombie's face with a sledgehammer would produce a kill in a few hits but this is not the case, it takes just as much effort with a sledgehammer as it does with a dinky knife. The melee system is also pretty clunky and there doesn't seem to be a variation on attack speed based on what weapons you have.I also only ever played this with one other person and we both agreed that a lot of the maps would be easier if there three or more people. This obviously isn't the developer's fault but it's something to keep in mind when you purchase it. Its definitely a challenge, which is fun but, we found some of the maps were too much for just a duo to take on. The zombie mode is another aspect that has potential but, at the moment, doesn't really deliver, this plays into my biggest complaint about this game. The spawn points are not very kind to you. If you die and spawn as a zombie, good luck finding some humans to attack because you have no type of navigation to try and locate them.  In the extraction map its easy to just follow the zombie horde to the house being attacked but this isn't really present in the other maps. We also found that during the extraction maps we would spend the majority of the time just trying to locate each other so we could get to the actual gameplay and in this process we'd spend most of our ammo.  If the respawn points were closer to where the action is going on this would be significantly less obnoxious or maybe coming up with an easier way to locate your teammates when you respawn.Overall, I'd just say this game needs some hard core TLC from the developers. It still has potential but at the moment it's not very enjoyable."
,Not Recommended,238430,11959722,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Bahuemac,"not sure yet. i will edit this review in time. i havent played it to full extend. but there are some poor design choices that make it hard to enjoy at times.maps are huge. there is barely any guidance. on objective maps you get vague infos where to go through your cellphone serving as a mission log, sometimes with an indicator telling you the distance to your goal, sometimes not, most of the time it's not reachable by direct means anyway. people quickly get lost, both humans and player zombies. some level have built-in ""You are here"" location guides, and there is a map showing up before a level loads, but its still hard.on the other hand it may encourage more teamplay than usual. people are put into the need to communicate to find their way through. at least when people with varying skill level are thrown together. but perhaps this is teamplay for the wrong reason, by forced means and simply lack of explanation. if people know their way they sometimes seem to rush ahead and leave some people behind. there are no real barriers (sometimes people need to find keys or tools to get on, but usually it's the skilled player who will find it and not the newbie) or any real incentives to drag people along, not that i would have noticed thus far. ammo hoarding does not seem to slow you down, and unlike no more room in hell or zombie panic source you cannot see and select individual ammo you are carrying but simply drop all the ammo for guns you don't have. and why would you want to share if people waste their ammo and tend to attract more zombies than what's good? i have seen this issue in no more room in hell too. as soon as people know their way they do that way, you can hope for them to ""teach"" the newbies but not everyone is going to show that patience. people can advance ahead and trigger temporary escape vehicles on objective maps dooming every slowpoke.if you die or get infected and turn you become a player zombie. in all modes. even in objective maps there are player-controlled zombies. this is probably the most unique thing about contagion. there are always player controlled zombies. but this is also a poorly developed aspect of this game. there is little incentive or motivation for some people to engage their prior teammates. they may just go afk or do that ""friendly zombie"" thing and basically just screw around. if they even manage to find the survivors. as mentioned the maps are huge. zombies can spawn far away from humans. they can climb fences (which feels a bit buggy at times though, and the animations to do so could need polish as well) they have zombie vision to see footsteps. but they seem somewhat inconsistent. if you see them they could be ""outdated"" and the survivors who made them have advanced far beyond. zombies cannot know which objectives the humans are currently following/which location they go for. their only way to locate humans besides following vague footsteps is listening to gunshots, by roaming and guessing around and by hoping to see some npc or other player zombies lunge around at bigger speed presumably hunting someone down. even if you play pvp matches where there are no strict objectives to follow other than kill all you see rounds can still take forever because people simply won't find each other.contagion feels a bit like a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ child of zombie panic source and no more room in hell. it has some nice ideas like the cellphones as objective logs and using them to ""call"" living and dead players and locating them by their ringtones, and player zombies have interesting abilites like making npc zombies gather around and follow them, but controlling these can be just a pain the same because they won't run as fast as player zombies do, you need to drag them along, their pathfinding is subpar, which can be tedious on the huge maps. some modes like hunted can be fun, but even there frustration can sneak in when you spawn in bad places or when humans team up even though they are supposed to slaughter each other at first sight.a few interersting thoughts went into the game, but i think they just aren't executed as well. if someone asked me ""why would i want to pay for contagion if i can play no more room in hell or zombie panic source for free?"" i couldn't give any too great answer. thats like my biggest issue with contagion. i got exhausted on both nrmih and zps, and those games aren't perfect either, but at least they have more convenient and polished mechanics like proper inside into the things you are carrying or a more satisfying melee system (melee in contagion feels imprecise and like half a pain) and they won't torture you with huge maps and no clue where you should be going to. nothing of what i've seen of contagion seems uniquely enough to justify it being a stand-alone title. if you want co-op you could very well jump at no more room in hell. if you want pvp you could very well jump at zombie panic source. if you want something of both without necessarily of the same good quality and level of polish you may be fine with contagion."
76561197974403782,Not Recommended,238430,9825558,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,The Internet Janitor,"Gameplay, UI, and bugginess have not improved much since it showed up in early access. Escape mode still does a terrible job of pointing new players towards objectives so survivors inevitably stumble around blindly for half an hour before quitting. You can do better for $5 let alone $20. Also? There are only two maps for the main game modes!"
,Not Recommended,238430,12605339,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Strawberry_Pajamas,"4.5/10Seriously? If you want a FPS zombie game that you can play with friends, you could get this game... or, I would suggest any other one out there. It is slow moving... in character speed and combat flow. Expect to die from that zombie with it's back to you before you can swing the axe at it is the level of slow I am referring to. This feels like the basic blueprint for games like the L4D series. My opinion? Like the zombie hordes, steer clear if you don't have proper equipment."
,Not Recommended,238430,13629380,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,DoctorChocolate,"As a huge fan of the Zombie genre, this game dissapointed me on all sorts of levels. Take the 20 dollars you were planning to use and purchase the Lawrence Fishburne movie of the same name."
76561198038053075,Not Recommended,238430,8038915,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Thao,"First, I thought this would be like L4D but there is no co-op, it's more pvp and the zombies will chase you to no tommorow.  they all lined up and I just pop them, to be honest the AI are horrible but i did freak out a bit because they can open doors and as i said ""no tommorow"" i shot through another room and they ran ALL the way where i was.  I guess they are smarter than usual zombies but still they form a straight line getting ready to die.  Since blindly buying early access games and never will again, there are barely any maps and are all pvp basically so i wouldnt even put co-op on here. I have tried pvp it's boring usually im the zombie and can never kill but im not complaining though, just calling my minions here and there grabbed a dude when they were camping but my little AI friends like to watch so..no. 3 out of 10. would be better if it was a little cheaper and if there is ""CO-OP"" in the game oh wait and MORE MAP but im pretty sure they are getting more map but im not that hyped, probly not going back into it."
,Not Recommended,238430,7887832,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,ISucBlaccDongs.weebly,"The game is kind of bland as of now. There's a lack of variation between maps and few to choose from. Playing as a zombie is probably more boring than just spectating. I'm sure in the future it'll get better once it's out of beta and what not, but otherwise it isn't worth 15 dollars at the moment."
76561198060463073,Recommended,238430,13108408,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,GingerKing,I am absolutly addicted to this game anyone who likes zombie shooters this is a must have!
,Not Recommended,238430,7692039,"Posted: 18 November, 2013",all,Viktor_Rummage,"Contagion: a masterpiece thrown into the gutter and smashed right into pieces. My criticisms you ask? I'll give you my criticisms alright! When I initially purchased this game I was under the impression that the game would deliver some challenges with its content by being possibly overrun by tens and thousands of zombies while completing objective based maps that tested the strengths and virtues of my team. Well, I guess the whole being overrun thing didn't happen exactly as I previously thought. I'd say the mere fact I can't even hit the zombies' head due to the lack of an accurate hit box is enough for a gamemode itself. That's right, have fun trying to headshot zombies that squirm out of place everytime you have your ironsight accurately stationed at their forehead, it won't happen -- even if your ping is fantastically at 20 or less! The mobs, zombies, in this game are fantasically bugged beyond all belief with their seizure-like squirms that run in abundance throughout the packs of zombies in the game. As far as spawning new zombies in the game, I don't think there are many spawn points for new zombies, I actually think once you kill one they're dead for good again. I did like the running animation of your character while in first person, why with your arms extended upwards to your right while holding your handgun running like a squad member, who needs quality game mechanics when you can just watch your character run all day long looking cool!Continuing on, let's talk about the attention to detail needed within this game, especially while playing objective mode. Have fun trying to find your way around the map trying to complete vaguely written objectives that'll surely take you hours to finally find and complete. It literally took my friend and I several hours, about 2 hours in fact, to finally find an important key needed to unlock a door in the first objective based map in the game, especially with little to no clue or even a semblance of a clue as to where to go. Now, I understand the need for a survival oriented sense of dread and hopelessness within a zombie game, but to have players running around the first half of a map endlessly for hours is just plain griefing the player base in general. A sort of indication on where to go, even a tiny general one, goes a long way while still keeping that frightful atmosphere of dread and despair. So besides being clueless in this game, I also noticed that every single zombie resembles a main character within the game, so you won't have to die to see yourself reincarnated as a flesh devouring rot head, you'll shoot a couple of them before you do so, not a unique feature at all. Another issue I had with the game is its lack of administrative features given to its players. There is no voting system in place to vote kick griefers, change maps, or even restart a current level. There's nothing at all besides possibly using console commands.While I can understand this game is still in its infancy, technically beta/alpha level, the game does currently lack in a lot of content such as the amount of maps within the game, only 4 maps currently, and the MANY bugs that currently plague the game. I've only really mentioned a handful of bugs I've noticed so far but I'm sure you'll find more once you purchase this game. Another thing that really annoyed me after the fact I bought this game was the falsly advertised store page for the game when I first bought it stating that the game is in early access, which would imply it's in beta status not a seemingly preliminary alpha access. On a final note, if you ever get the chance to breeze through the game's forum page, you'll noticed a bunch of self-righteous devs who denounce any little criticised comment about their dear game and instantly shun what fanboys the game does have. I don't recommened this game to anyone, at least at the current moment where the game is stil lacking a stable environment to play in."
,Recommended,238430,12855422,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,nayr,"Play with friends, very addicting!"
76561198020246111,Not Recommended,238430,13116475,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Im da Admiral,The game is already deadNo server to play
76561198025641472,Not Recommended,238430,7832069,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,King Blubberbutt Bagelsnatch,"Although it may be a bit fun It's not to my taste. I'm not into that do objectives while zombies try to♥♥♥♥♥♥you. I prefer survival not running around blindlessly looking for♥♥♥♥♥♥ Not to mention, loot is rare as ♥♥♥♥. Just now I couldn't ♥♥♥♥ing find another weapon and had to take them off of dead survivors. The zombies are just boring in general. They can bite you but there's no ♥♥♥♥ing way you can resist it. All in all the gameplay is just generally boring. Not worth your money. Needs more gore and realism. I blew a 9mm sized hole on a zombies head with a ♥♥♥♥ing shotgun. I prefer No More Room in Hell over this. But then again, it is still in beta soooo, we'll see."
,Not Recommended,238430,15853024,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Rick Sanchez,"Not bad but needs way more weapons. melee weapons. way more maps. better shooting mechanics and some actual update's for christ sake. I mean the shootings is just so bad and the zombies are boring and buggy as ♥♥♥♥! Some boss or stronger zombies would be nice. biggest issue is they stopped supporting this game, mods, etc.. stink all you can do is reskin everything. Contagion had a lot of potential to be a long lasting game that you could mod to your liking but that's not gonna happen.Contagion ""could"" be so great, but they won't give us any real modding tool's.I think, or they knowthe community will make better map's,shooting mechanic's,weapon's,etc...then they ever could. This could be such a fun game, it's just so bare bones. Even year's after it's release this game has NOTHING!"
76561198129873921,Not Recommended,238430,18768318,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,The Real Flash,PIECE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥NO SERVERS AND TERRIBLE OPTIMIZATION ♥♥♥♥ THESE REVIEWS AND ♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME
,Not Recommended,238430,23466338,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,n͝t̕y̨҉d͡1̸̧҉s̴̀,"Mediocre (somewhat enjoyable), severely derivative, unimaginative gameplay and graphics. ~THE DEV ONLY UPDATE THE GAME TO CASH IN DURING STEAM SALES~!"
76561197964658868,Not Recommended,238430,9842999,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,L!mBo,"Worth about a buck, pay anymore and you've been had big time. This game will never develope beyond the beta testing thru sheer lack of investment ( couple of lousey maps and very poor melee encounters ). Dont let me say "" Told ya so"". If you buy this heap O trash."
,Not Recommended,238430,8441944,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,clown piece,Bad game
,Not Recommended,238430,23693250,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,All American Bad Boy,"Another zombo game. The store page says ""Contagion isn't your average zombie blah blah"", but that's *exactly* what it is. A super-average zombie game. Nothing particularly great about it.Update 2017: Development is has been dead for a year now and no one plays this because it's a ♥♥♥♥ing mess. What a ♥♥♥♥♥how."
,Not Recommended,238430,9034776,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,TheinTerneT,game is just another dead steam mod they charge money for. With only 17 active servers in this game i dont see why anyone would spend money on this game as zombie panic still has more servers.
,Not Recommended,238430,9947057,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,TechnicalGamerz,"Fun at first, but when you get within the 4-5 hour played area; it becomes pretty dry. With only 4 maps total, the replay-ability is low. Even with online, not as interesting as it seemed."
,Not Recommended,238430,17229264,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,KamikaziFly,"This game SUCKS♥♥♥♥♥  I shot at balloons, and they did not pop!!!Only 14 people are playing across the world on a Saturday from 4pm to 6pm on a summer day, July 25th, 2015. They are all on one server. They are way better at the 5 maps this game has to offer, and they know all the weapon spawn locations, and kill friendly players so that they can win the Hunter game mode, which is about everyone surviving, its not supposed to be about being the last survivor.Now the worst part, for those of us who like single player games.In the housing/residentual map, most of the houses can not be opened!!! But part of this map is to find a house that you can board up to survive. We decided to try easy mose, since the zombies were not dieing from one shot to the head. We decided to play some sort of guard the humans from the zombies game mode, which the actual name again did not describe the game mode at all ""Extraction"". Even on easy mode, the zombies didn't die from one shot to the head half the time. Maybe it was because I was not hosting the server this time. Zombies were climbing the house walls slowly and if you didn't get a head shot, it would take 15 shots to kill one.The zombies could tear down the boarded up windows in about 10 seconds, and it took 5 seconds to board one up. But you can't board up anything with a zombie in the way. A frustrating part was that if you accidentally close the door after you board up the doorway, then the door can not be opened. Otherwise, shooting zombies between the boards was easy enough. But the Extraction game would not end.Getting infected and turning to a zombie was too easy and frustrating when playing this game as a survival game. Even if you had plenty of health.One neat thing was if you died during this mode, you would play spectator as a roach with your friends. But the roach causes zombies to walk towards it sometimes.Overall, this game is frustrating and not fun. I'll stick to any zombie game besides this. As a side note, please take notice that this game was Early Access when it was first released, and now that it is considered completed nobody wants to play it. Secondly, please take notice that this game still has not even a completed interface. Some buttons are unknown and not shown in the configuration menu. It does not tell you that R will zoom in on your phone, and who knows what zooms you back out? Pressing J throws all your not used ammo on the ground. But this just raises more questions about why these guns are not found, but there ammo is plenty.Anyway, this game is broken, unfinished, and unplayed."
76561197999274600,Not Recommended,238430,11328109,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Toft,"I liked the game for the time I was playing it but for some reason I just have no will to return to Contagion. I guess the game just got boring for me. Like the game says, it's a true zombie game where headshots lead to instakills and body shots are very ineffective. You have to manage your ammo,there are no crossahairs (you have to use the sights of your gun to aim), every bite has a possibility to turn you and you getting swarmed pretty much means you're dead in the next 3 seconds. However, the game seems to cover up many of its faults with random generated maps.Besides the fact that melee combat seems clunky and whiffs happen more than it should, the other thing I hate the most are the maps.The maps are randomly generated, meaning that while this game has only about 3-5 maps in total, they try to artificially make it seem like there is more content that there really is by closing/opening up one or two paths or lanes to the to the very same destination in the game. This doesn't seem too bad at first but some maps like the park one where EVERYTHING looks exactly the same, changing the map makes the game more than annoying.Guns and equipment are also randomly generated and placed in random locations which is sort of fair, but in a way, this  holds the game back because every game is kind of a clusterfck of people just scrambling around, playing super passively and trying to live long enough to get lucky.PVP is extremely boring as well since there's the random map and weapon generation and placement going on. Sure that adds a LITTLE extra time to get used to the game but the game is just so focused on hiding and hoping you can get the drop on the other guy  before they can get you or the zombies get you. The only interesting part about this game is that you can come back as a zombie and kill your friends. That's cool and all in the pvp but if you're playing the campaign why would you want to do that?My biggest gripe with this game is that there is no reason for you to come back. You get nothing extra for winning like exp or skills, and the gameplay feels so shallow (aim down sights, click on head or swing melee weapon) and boring that it's no L4D."
,Recommended,238430,18347962,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Keegyweegs,it has good everything  i love the game
,Not Recommended,238430,29741833,Posted: 6 February,all,A Billowy Squirrel,Starts game.Tries to join server.Can't find server.Joins server.Spawns in.Why won't the phone shut up.Finds gun.Oop Phone went of again.Gets killed.Respawn.WHY WONT THE ♥♥♥♥ING PHONE TURN OFF.Leaves.Refunds.
,Not Recommended,238430,9837686,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Macho Moist,"This game gave me terminal cancer of the eyes. Last time I played it (about a month or two ago) it was as bad as it was the first time I played it. The graphics are okay, I guess, but the framerate is crap.  There are few weapons and gameplay is unclear and unenticing.  Maybe this game will get better as it goes on, but for now, it sucks."
76561197969809576,Not Recommended,238430,9839966,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Crow,Completely unacceptable load times when joining servers. COPIUS amounts of lag still present when you finally join. I have owned this since early access and enjoyed playing it on the occasions it didnt lag at less then 1FPS  or take 25 minutes to load. Please fix the load times and ridiculous use of system resources.
76561197972328099,Not Recommended,238430,9840359,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Luthurus,"This game is a badly made Zombie Panic the only difference is ZP is free. I think I was attracted to the project by the early concept videos but I didn't realize Early Access 2 years ago meant 'will never ever finish, but will gladly accept money'"
,Recommended,238430,23601852,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Gnome,How did i got this game???10/10 suprise me again
76561198111348340,Not Recommended,238430,20306878,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,parkman55,this game sucks
,Recommended,238430,10631916,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Aron Kustoms,Can see other peoples flashlights.10/10
,Not Recommended,238430,9167023,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,AbraCaDaniel,"It's still in early access and it shows... NOT ATALL  worth the price tag in it's curent condition and doesn't seem very ""original"""
,Recommended,238430,16610014,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,nietz,♥♥♥♥in gay game for gay people
,Not Recommended,238430,11336820,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Wanoah,"This game looks so promising, but it simply does not work as a multiplayer game. Not some gameplay issue, but the fact that it is absolutely impossible to just fire it up, set up a game and invite your friends to play. This is utterly inexcusable in a multiplayer co-op game."
,Recommended,238430,7844477,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,SecureTheMilkshakes,"Id's bretty gööd, gud geam wif mane wepons 2 shot da zambies"
76561198085484705,Recommended,238430,9792013,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,S'more Whore,"I have to say its actually a pretty good game and yes with the full release date and all its still a highly popular genre of the zombies and what not,but l4d and l4d2 at way different from this 1 of a kind game. You have 3 gamemodes extraction, Hunted, and Escape which all have a good meaning to and tons of fun to play as well. While in other zombie games you die and respawn or some crap in this game you spawn as well, BUT you spawn as the undead hunting down your friends/victims which may be difficult at first, but you will get the hang of it and master all modes and become an Contagion Verterian. DISCORD APPROVED!!"
,Recommended,238430,7834212,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Gooby,"awsome game, amazing gameplay from both sides humans and zombiesgreat graphics and good physics engineand i realy  liked to play it"
,Recommended,238430,9791957,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Ba[R]aD`,This game must have more maps!
,Recommended,238430,12917281,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Craigs and Bacon,"Despite the significance of the CONS I still recommend this game! 7\10PROS:1: Realistic-nessVery realistic, making a very fun feal while being mauled by zombies xD2: ViolenceNow, I'm not saying that because it's violent that makes it a good game, I'm just saying that it makes a very nice feel for zombies, not extream like L4D2 but not no violence whatsoeverCONS:1: EretatingThis game has many things that feel like glitches but aren't but at the same time still cause extreamly frusterating moments2: ""Co-op""This games co-op is as good as Cartoon Network's version of Thundercats, uterly s****y, you can team kill -_- Wtf and there isn't enough ammo through out the map for any one to have enough to kill almost anything, then melee weapons aren't common so when a co-op begins everybody does an FFA for the good stuff"
76561198040278305,Recommended,238430,12744048,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,chase9130,why not?
76561197991200641,Not Recommended,238430,7864990,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,droughdroid,doesn't play
,Not Recommended,238430,8858825,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Vantorin,"This game is disapoint, dont get"
,Not Recommended,238430,19829596,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Excells,Horrible game not worth my 5 dollars.
,Not Recommended,238430,7995336,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Fap,"I CAN NOT RECOMMEND this PIECE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥game. Even though it's in BETA, I have a hard time seeing it get any LESS ♥♥♥♥♥♥. Jesus christ this game is so bad."
76561197967951240,Not Recommended,238430,10410103,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Wind Shepherd,"Fairly good gameplay early on in this beta, if you are playing solo or with random people on the public servers for this game. If you were hoping to play with those on your friends list only, you will be sorely disappointed as the functionality in this area is extremely underdeveloped and non functional. I purchased this so myself and a friend could play together, and was extremely disappointed at the waste of $40. Not recommended."
76561198024877833,Recommended,238430,10551215,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Surreal,Zambies.
76561198078169712,Not Recommended,238430,9819887,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Fleating,"The only thing this game brought me was dissapoint. I was stupid enough to buy a 4-pack so that I could jam with a couple of friends, but after a few rounds in we all realised how boring the game really was.The game looks pretty enough for a source engine game but unfortunatly that doesnt count for much when your game sucks.Play “No more room in hell”, its the same thing except better and free."
,Not Recommended,238430,12038725,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Cecell,"This game sucks.  It is an arcade feel shooter + zombies (what game doesn't have zombies now?) + a community of very young irritating players.  It's buggy, confusing, irritating and rarely updated.  Your char can get stuck too easily and the in game item interaction is not intuitive.  Things that look like you should be able to or may even need to interact with are just there for eye candy for example.  Just pass it up and save yourself some money.  There are plenty of other options to get the same ""fix""."
,Not Recommended,238430,12319526,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,FaZe Morty,i cant open the game
76561198203591884,Not Recommended,238430,16962545,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Crahy,the game sucks when ever i want to play local and then the controller and keyboard controls my chariecter and the 2 player cant move then when i want to exit or options it freezez crappy game dont buy it
,Not Recommended,238430,9817514,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Alael,"The game make no sense graphics is terrible and you have no clue on what to do in this game do not waste your time & Money,"
,Recommended,238430,10083914,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Medical Pizza,"Cuntagion is just like the hit classic ""Bad Rats"" game but with better multiplayer!"
,Not Recommended,238430,10100006,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Night,"not worth the money, is fun but for only a short amount of time. co op maps were poorly created in my opoinion and i lost all my data in game and on steam for no reason."
76561198157086956,Not Recommended,238430,16139850,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,jackfh12,too laggy to play
76561198013574858,Not Recommended,238430,16304778,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,GRANiS,"Bought this game back in 2013, played 42minutes. Doubt much have changed since then.Dont buy it, dont look at it, dont talk about it.Its a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game that will never be finished."
76561198079796574,Recommended,238430,9314617,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Дядя Сергей,"This game is really laggy, If you like laggy games, this is the game for you!"
,Not Recommended,238430,20078250,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Ninja™,"The reason for this review is for one reason... TAKE OFF PvP!! A example of how good a zombie game really is (without PvP ) would be Zombie Panic Source. Tons of people still play it and work together as a team. THIS GAME IS JUST TEAM DEATH MATCH WITH ZOMBIES! Not a good game untill this issuse is fixed, I mean it."
,Not Recommended,238430,13891444,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Slayer of the Dead,"I wouldn't reccomend this game whatsoever. I played a bit of it once when it was on Free Weekend, and it SEEMED fun, but after playing it more, it just feels like Call of Duty Zombies in the Source Engine. This is one of very few games using the Source Engine that I didn't like. In fact, it may be the only game. Although No More Room in Hell was pretty bad too...Anyhow, the game can get very choppy, the amount of screaming, immature kids on the servers is basically unbearable, plenty of hackers...Look, to make a long story short, wait for a rare time this is on Free Weekend, don't pay for it. I wasted money on this, and I'm heavily regretting it."
,Recommended,238430,7975788,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,IamTheSpy!,OH MY FUD DAIS GAMEZ SUAKZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZDUNT BAY IT GAT PANIC SAUCE YOU SCOMERSSSSSSSSSSSSSSNot bad i guess?
,Recommended,238430,28733199,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,someone get me atomega,The pvp Hunted gamemode is fun as hell.
76561198020332525,Not Recommended,238430,25534900,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,1stIR_Ssgt_Sharpe,if they would finnish this game and put in all the promised features and stuff so all the players would come back that would be great!
,Recommended,238430,13647842,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Mulle Meck,"For a Game that came...oh...well Two Years Ago it doesn't seem like it aged a Bit...theres a nice array of Guns,Characters,Zombies, And Game modes and with its two ""Free"" DLC's coming Up this game will have the poteintial of becoming a GREAT zombie game...even though some of my freinds... don't like ""Zombies"" *Cough* *Cough* Damn you JOE! *Cough* *cough* i'm sending you this soon anyway joe *cough* *cough* *cough* :Redstar: <-- #Socialism"
,Not Recommended,238430,20106232,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Fisto of za Northu Staro,Just Play No More Room in Hell
,Not Recommended,238430,21535946,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Polyester™,"Arbitrarily turns player zombies into cockroaches if they die to much, promting players to leave so they can play.Lots of bugs unadressed.Shoving does absolutally nothing.No more room in hell is here, It's arguably a better game, and it's free:http://store.steampowered.com/app/224260/"
76561198016527426,Not Recommended,238430,18799510,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Acruson,Multiplayer server hosting/joining is ♥♥♥♥ing stupid
76561198084371418,Not Recommended,238430,7882415,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Jo Haul,I know this game is only a beta but you start with pretty much no ammo at the start  expecially on excourt mode and the zombie AI is pretty bad because of the  strange playing field with lots of strange things around for these AI so they are sometimes a bit weried
76561197972831569,Recommended,238430,9713885,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Hezbollah,This game has come a long ways .
,Recommended,238430,10696797,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,George of the Forest,I can shoot people and I can smack people with my arms11/10
,Not Recommended,238430,8171626,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Court,"Do not, I repeate do not buy this if you are looking for a fully polished product.Cons: Content is very limited, playing as a zombie sucks, very few maps, glitches, melee sucks, lack of votekick and other features that would make this game more enjoyable.Pros: Gun play is decent for the most part, playing as a survivor is what makes this fun, random rotation of items is a cool feature, and game looks pretty good for a early access.If you want to play a game with freinds, then sure. But at this point I wouldn't reccomened it at its stage in development. Its missing a lot, but has potential like most early access games. I had little fun out of this to be honest, but if you want to give it a try go ahead."
76561197998607305,Not Recommended,238430,9417080,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,SCOTT STERLING!,"I'm really disapointed in this game... I bought it because I thought there would be more cooperative gameplay but they've made 1 escape (co-op) map and there's 5 maps so far. So unless you plan on running the same boring escape over and over and over... prepare to just sink money into another PVP style game. Don't get me wrong, the mechanics of the game are solid, the gameplay is good... they just need more Co-op style maps for players that want a more casual experience."
76561198063020430,Recommended,238430,14363170,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Archlight,Best co-op zombie survival i ever played !
,Recommended,238430,8290709,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,pyramids,10/10 would bang.
,Recommended,238430,10414028,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Kermy,Contagion is amazing! I bought this game because it seemed to be a very realistic zombie game and it is!!!The only problem is that there are not enough people playing :( I try find servers but a lot are empty
,Recommended,238430,11934632,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Danbal the Dead,"This game is good, Thats it. or maybe not all. It has cool things to do and being a zombie is awesome.Thank you Monochrome LLC for making a good game"
76561198003738942,Recommended,238430,7800602,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,BaDaBing,fun zombie game better than most. when u die u get to be a regular zombie and ♥♥♥♥ the game up for others : )... no l4d but a good zombie game if u like them worth a shot 5-10 buck range!
,Recommended,238430,18956447,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Mr Hayes/Haze,Sarah Harrison told me to buy this and she said she would bang me if I did.
76561198209077565,Recommended,238430,28920169,Posted: 1 January,all,Charming Cthulhu,People that complain just suck at this game lmao...most unrommended review complain about not being able to do damage to zombie with a mele weapon...well you just suck buddy cause i always 1 shot them with the mele weapon...and if you think bullet doesn't do enough damage either then learn to shoot straight. 1 of the big flaw of the steam review system is the dumbass that leave negative review cause they suck at a game...sorry kid mommy lied you're not good at everything hahahahahah
,Not Recommended,238430,24449614,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,BiscuitBuff™,On my old computer this game crashed on start up. Now i lost intrest
,Not Recommended,238430,7869483,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,PaPaQba,I give this game an easy 5/10. Needs more levels or modes to fully enjoy the game. Is not worth $15 at this point get it on sale. Honestly for a mod No More Room In Hell blows this game out of the water.
,Recommended,238430,18419677,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Ira_Hayes,theres a zombie in this game hm
76561198003685281,Recommended,238430,18663365,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Apollo117,good game
76561198055517152,Recommended,238430,25811170,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Commander Spider,Now i get why the walkers are so scary in the walking dead the zombies  gets you will become a zombie.
,Not Recommended,238430,8790665,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,[BT]SirGoodMood,"Rating 6/10Yet another zombie themed game.The game consists of three game modes, Hunter, Extraction, Escape, each with one map.The gameplay is nice. Much slower paced and deliberate compared to the Left 4 Dead series, it distinctly lacks that 'arcade-y' feel of firing hundreds of bullets into swarms of weak zombies that you mmow down by the dozens. Instead, in this game, headshots are all that matter. Shots to the body are very negligible in terms of damage, meaning if you're swarmed, you better get out of there as soon as you can.This poses a problem, given that the head is a fairly small target, even small amounts of lag will make you miss your shots or cause the zombies to jitter around, preventing you from lining up your shots. If you can find a stable server, stick to it, it'll pay off in the end.The game is fun for the first couple of run throughs, the randomly generated aspects of the map is limited to a couple of doors being inaccessible on one run, and being breakable on another, or the location of key items being in one room as opposed to another room. This is fine I suppose, but makes for very tedious gameplay since you often find yourself running back and forth trying to find things, rather than being able to progress through the level.It's an okay game, but definitely not worth the price at the moment. It's a very short game with little replay value."
76561197996419232,Not Recommended,238430,8072665,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Antoine4567,not enough content for now
76561198097716567,Recommended,238430,18965276,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Pip,Joined a pvp serverstarted as a zombiediednext roundwas humankilled a couple zombiesteamed with a personwatched the person get bitput the person out of his miserywas immediately shot downbecome a zombiekill more peoplelose the game10/10
76561198157767086,Not Recommended,238430,25679110,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Macboy99,it lag too much
,Recommended,238430,29973970,Posted: 16 February,all,Zomb1c,I can shoot a survivor in the head so many times that he doesnt even have a faceits amazing
,Recommended,238430,31909424,Posted: 22 May,all,iEliTe,"I actually enjoy this game for some reason. Don't know why, just kinda fun."
76561198035624557,Recommended,238430,8131763,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Ascended,It's a'ight
,Not Recommended,238430,30329543,Posted: 4 March,all,Xyn,"Contagion: No More Room In Hell, except you pay for it."
,Recommended,238430,21737723,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,TinA_LotZ,best cockroach simulator i've played to date...0/10 kill yourself
76561198294934247,Recommended,238430,30304274,Posted: 3 March,all,Mvp BoltZ,This is the best game ever I don't know what to say😭
,Recommended,238430,12310440,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Darman1138,"Contagion is like a more realistic version of L4D2. Lots of zombies, but not as much ammo. If you're looking for a quick but brutal zombie game to play, this would be it."
,Not Recommended,238430,13153735,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Psi|ocybin,Bland.
,Not Recommended,238430,11904715,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,SoggyCow ✅,cant even play the game its so ♥♥♥♥ing buggy
76561197960714851,Recommended,238430,10667477,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,huurrrr duuuurrrr,THIS HAS POTENTIAL TO BE BALLIN ♥♥♥♥♥S
,Not Recommended,238430,13328731,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,ShadowBeaver,"Realy boring, got ""stuck"" in CoOp mode. We could not get anywhere except spawn"
76561198031396215,Not Recommended,238430,16457384,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,AlanGreenspan,Weak zombie clone
76561198024187954,Recommended,238430,9597615,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,SpagYeti,left 4 dead without the special infected DONE RIGHT
76561198087589327,Not Recommended,238430,9845731,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,studmuffin,A.I. ally = stand in one spot until they die and you lose the game.guns = run out of ammo and you diemelee weapons = feathersmakes superman 64 look beatable
,Not Recommended,238430,9928855,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Execflood,"I bought this game with a friend of mine and we both feel ripped off for 18,99€ !!!3 hours in and already bored and not motivated to play more.If your hesitating maybe look further"
76561197975166467,Not Recommended,238430,9942426,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Octob3r,"Don't buy this game if you are thinking it is like Zombie Panic. The concept is the same, the execution is far worse. They are nothing alike: Zombie Panic felt like a game where you had many opportunities and choices, where you could just put some sofa in front of a door to keep you safe. In Contagion, you can't interact with anything, even though they're using an optimized source engine.Animations feel very old, this game just does not feel 2014, nor like Zombie Panic AT ALL. It's just a shoot them up from 2007 where you can't do anything except follow a lead showed on your cellphone (instead of a particular screen, such improvement wow..). Zombie movements feel realy boring, more like a punishment than another part of the gameplay (compared to zombie panic where you had fun being dead). No seriously, just skip it. I dearly regret buying it thinking it'd be as amazing as zombie panic was."
76561198002447956,Recommended,238430,10213541,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,S.L.O.T.H.,DO U LIKE ZPS?  U WILL LIKE THIS GAME!!11ONZE!!
76561197988774515,Not Recommended,238430,13169199,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Trunk Monkey,"It seems like it COULD be a good game but falls severly short. there is no direction in the game and the cellphone system is a poor excuse. the zombie mode is lame because you now need to find your way back through the map to find the survivors but you can't open doors so you dont know which way they went. its like finding your way threw a labrenth and becomes pointless because you can never find the survivors. they should either remove it entirely or change it to where you spawn within 100m of survivors when you die to keep the pressure on them and just add a respawn timer instead. im glad i only payed 4.99 for it, because even though i feel like i just wiped my♥♥♥♥♥with a $5 bill and flushed it down the toilet, it could have been a $10 or $20 bill i wasted instead."
76561198054190517,Not Recommended,238430,14548991,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,MisterFate,Is it ironic that this game has so many bugs in it and after you die you play as a cockroach?6/10Pros.#1. Can play as a zombie and cockroach.#2. Has different survival modes like Escape and PVP mode.Cons.#1. Game constantly crashes for me.#2. If one person becomes infected then you're bascially screwed.#3. Buggy zombies and enviroment.#4. ZzzzzZzzzz
,Recommended,238430,10157058,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Neilybones™,i love this game. Glad i bought it
76561198092341926,Not Recommended,238430,14610195,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,SomeThing SHINY!,Don't Buy THIS!
76561198124496965,Not Recommended,238430,16457600,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Nakayomi,http://prntscr.com/7htls8That's my review. nothing left to be said
76561198038477497,Not Recommended,238430,16461402,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Pancake McWafflehousin',Weak sauce
,Not Recommended,238430,17997591,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,The Winter Witch Evie,"Do not buy this game, it's awfull"
,Not Recommended,238430,20017253,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,✪Trappz,Cant even load the game always say's cant load library client so you need to fix that or i am getting my money back
,Recommended,238430,13600741,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Onlinekiller J,LOVE IT
76561197994242127,Recommended,238430,18560063,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Bevhillsninja,"Fun game gives you tons of hours of play time that doesn't really get boring as long as you play with a group and friends stresses teamwork on a lot of the modes as you can find yourself in bad situations without someone covering your back as you move zombies aren't to wacky like a lot of other games where they have unique abilities its just your standard zombie who will die with one shot to the head they can run when aggravated and they recently introduced a riot zombie who is still just your normal zombie in protective gear its got a Counter strike feel to the game play but smoother the maps are rather large and sometimes you can get lost in them but they are detailed and i like the vast ground you do have to cover it keeps players spread a bit more on modes like hunted which is a pvp. devs are active and making updates also they listen and respond to criticism being and active part of there communityright now the games biggest concern is the lack of community the game needs fresh new players and a consistent player base so if you like zombie games, like the left 4 dead series this is a great take on it as i enjoyed this game more than i did left 4 dead give it a play. the game goes on sale often and id imagine there will be a holiday sale soon."
76561197976669831,Not Recommended,238430,15999867,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,iserit,"its ok. the gameplay was good but from other reviews I have read that the devs arent for some critisism(It might not be true so dont report this  because of this fact) and the community is basicly dead. If you'er just here for the gameplay this is for you,if not it wont hurt to play zombie panic: source : )"
76561198116209691,Not Recommended,238430,16009505,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,brandon.wellington25,It was an OK game and maybe i'm not being fair but I just can't recomend it mostly due to the fact that hardly anyone even plays the damn game  and the few that do are usually rude ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s like you'd expect to find on WOW. A horrible community in both number and attitude and the sheer lack of content that's been promised forever really brings this game down.
76561198170211415,Not Recommended,238430,16216231,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Maddog,Hello guys i must say this game is terrible i played it and died of boredom just didnt do it for me
,Not Recommended,238430,20626967,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Simmal,Not even worth the money during winter sale...
,Not Recommended,238430,25178742,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,X P/-\niken X,i want my money back becuse i didnt buy this game
76561198191365099,Not Recommended,238430,20653425,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Novapets,"I dont write reviews because nothing ever gets done about them but ive played contagion for a while and some stuff has driven me to write a review. to start off the concept is good. but the execution is dry. The community is like 60 people... if you play escape frequently like i do youll run into the same few people everytime. no new faces. if you search the servers list there will be about 15 servers with people in them and the rest will be abandoned...  im just gonna put everything into a list and you can look at them like thatsmall communityno vote kick (trolls run this game)player zombies are op and are too mobilevery few weapon choicesvery slow and stiff player movementsvoice acting is clunkyzombies only die by headshotsunique mapsescape missions require a great teamgetting bit by a player zombie isnt a 100% infectionno cure for infectiondiverse charactersthe black guy doesnt seem genuinely blackyou cut yourself on glass from windowsif nothing gets improved or the devs ignore everyone this game will die. and its on its way down looking at the communitybut for real. at least add a vote kick to the game. the trolls make the game unplayable half the time. since zombies are more mobile and swing fast they can take out a player just by jumping around crouching and just spamming the attack button. all the trolls do to ruin your fun is as soon as the match starts, they jump into a horde and die and they become and zombie and kill your whole team..rinse and repeat..."
76561198104089191,Recommended,238430,12016076,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Bushi Neko,"Not sad about this, I figured it was not all that, but I got it on one of the sales, so I dont feel bad at all. I have actually had way more fun with the single player, though I have not played a whole lot. I am keeping it for a day when I just feel like some FPS zombie killing.I would not pay full price for it, and from all I ve read about the multi player its not all that. But still, not to bad for a shoot em up with no real plot line."
,Not Recommended,238430,7878850,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,om3g4_z3r0,"Its unplayable at its current state, if you became a zombie you have to travel the whole map just to find where players are IF you even find them, to break doors as a zombie takes FOREVER, the loadings are unecesarry long, its a mod being charged as  a game , it would be bad even if it was a free2playStick with No More Room In Hell ... Contagion still needs a ton of patches to be worth of the price they ask for it.2/10 - good ideas poorly executed (early access, quality might change)"
76561197991236570,Recommended,238430,9832101,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Bennings Dekker,"I am so glad to have bought the game on its deal months ago, for 3.74$ price :D worth much more than that, it offers you scenes of nice time with your friends and even foes. I like;- the theory and practice behind it.- the xtraction and escape modes.- the size of the maps.- the courage of the devs considering the fact that the market offers a lot of zombie stuff.- ambience and easiness of gameplay.- loads of weapons...- lower sys reqs.i hate ;- the repetition- player zombies are a bit stronger tho hapless from time to time.- the hunt mode.- too few modes- the incredibly stupid survivor AI which could get you to a point of alt+f4 eventually in xtraction map.- lag - latency- teammates who start xraction period without awaiting their comrades' arrival...- ammo reserve is a must tho the melee attacks can get you to be nfected almost at first contact..."
76561198133409739,Recommended,238430,18667397,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,patkarku,amazing
,Recommended,238430,11914016,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,CERE4LKILLER21,its the best
76561197966866482,Recommended,238430,10580984,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,SAjCO,"This game is made on the source engine. It reminds me of the ""left 4 dead""- series, but with a more slowpaced action and different gamemodes. I recommend you to play it with some friends, i think that's the funniest way to play it."
,Recommended,238430,11908756,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Bi0haZarD!,Found a MP5 and killed zombies!
76561198077894612,Recommended,238430,13488772,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Nxrmal,its really fun
,Recommended,238430,13593554,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,shiro,"This is one of the better survival games out there, pretty realistic, pretty dark , pretty intense."
76561198026661911,Recommended,238430,13604441,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,✪ TheFox ;d,3 scary 5 me =((((
76561198141382706,Recommended,238430,13551183,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Dr . Freeman41,♥♥♥♥ing awsme
76561198073765656,Recommended,238430,9969121,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Brother Cole,"This is very good zombie shooter. Especially when playing with friends. It has an immersive atmosphere and radiates a rather creepy tone throughout gameplay. It very realistic, zombies can only be killed by shooting them in the head, for which I applause the devs for staying true to the Romero style of zombies. If you are looking for a an eerie and realistic zombie game, with brilliant and unpredicatable dynamics in every zone, then this is for you."
,Recommended,238430,10074714,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,WonderMolone,Its a amazing game to play by youreself and even more when you play with friends
76561198065152976,Recommended,238430,10079312,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,ToatsMaGoats,This certain game has to be the most realistic setting of a zombie apocalypse game ever (besides walking dead).
76561198032260485,Not Recommended,238430,10320024,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,ReDragonInc,"Not at all what is advertised. It was advertised as a survival. It's nothing more than L4D with better physics and graphics, yet worse Multiplayer. Sure, the maps change up items, but it's stupidly easy and the sound is broken. 99% of the time you hear zombie moans, it sounds like they're near you even if there isn't one within a mile. Secondly, you don't hear footsteps so a lot of times you'll get hit from behind by a zombie that you never heard approach. I would think that an undead dragging it's feet would be audible, especially since you can hear your own footsteps.Wait for a sale, the game's replay value is low and not worth the effort."
76561198041182344,Recommended,238430,10074515,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,CARSON #ALPHAMALE,"Awesome, 10/10"
,Recommended,238430,11910384,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Burgermeat,POOP! SO HOT
,Not Recommended,238430,26376182,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,wishbone,ded gaem
76561198037433054,Recommended,238430,9839310,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Zerpyn,Fun game with friends.
76561198035485644,Recommended,238430,8343643,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Kyle,"Amazing game i cant wait for more content, just a little greedy right.even though in early access and the odd bug it still has me playing it for hours all that they need to do is fix, but the rest incredible also loving the new ambient sounds!"
76561198077037735,Recommended,238430,18849861,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Abbas AJ,good zobiiieeeeeeeeeee game.worth the money.sale deal.pro:singlemultico-oplocal co-opetc10/10
76561197989723634,Recommended,238430,13604563,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Smith1818,"Its like Left 4 Dead, but better!"
,Recommended,238430,13606087,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,make me squeeze,Yes. Yes. Yum. Brains <3
,Recommended,238430,13606490,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,iamnotayoungthug,Sick Game 10/10 would hide on the roof
,Recommended,238430,24966452,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Master0fBlunt,"UPDATE: I feel like I've wasted time/money after having owned this for some time now. There are no players online, and the 3 servers with players on them are usually littered with trolls or ""speed runners"" who don't give 2 ****'s about teamwork. I'm just going to get to the point: There is no player base, and what is left is horrid, the game modes are not entertaining in the least, and the ""Escape"" game mode features levels which are absolutely unplayable to new players due to poorly thought out ""puzzles"" which leave the player wandering around aimlessly with no sense of progression direction until they finally quit.  Essentially this game is just logging into one of the three servers with players in it, you have no clue what to do to reach the end of the ""map"" and wind up dead anyway, and the only real fun thing to do is join a game, die, and troll the other players by killing them as a zombie. Which is another♥♥♥♥♥♥poor aspect of the game. After you get zombied from dying, you get 5 lives before you become a cockroach, yes an actual cockroach, and you can do absolutely nothing but spectate. So then you have players wandering around aimlessly not progressing through the map for hours, and are instead camping and killing player zombies until they are cockroached, and then essentially all you have is a dead server, with nobody accomplishing anything, and you have no enjoyment or sense of fulfillment. I've watched this game stagnate over time and it's time to call it what it is: a dead attempt at imitating other AAA games in the genre using an even deader and archaic game engine. Not worth a dime. I've tried tirelessly to find some kind of pleasure in this game, it does not exist sadly.I'm pleased with this purchase. The physics specifically related to moving around feel quite ""chunky"", as if your character had lead boots on, but other than that, 8/10. Love the different game modes, etc. Only drawback is the lack of servers. I tried to host one on my home pc to no avail. if anyone would take the time to walk me through the finer details i'd be glad to host for free. I don't like mods/cheats either, I just would like to be able to host a vanilla game...."
76561198092002555,Recommended,238430,8265720,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Ruthless,"After buying this game I was way more excited than I probably should've been to try it out. This game gives players a full post-apocalyptic experience. Having hordes of zombies chase you through a neighbouhood in the dark is a heart pounding experience. If you haven't purchased Contagion yet, don't wait!"
,Recommended,238430,9821691,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Star Foxxy,"Only early-access game i have bought so far that has actually gone full release so far, and its well worth the asking price."
,Recommended,238430,9822907,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Lancer176,"just an awesome♥♥♥♥♥game, i dont know how close it is to state of decay as that is my favorite. But if state of decay were outlawed to play that game as such. I would resort to this within the millisecond. I love L4D1/2 but this comes first. Buy it. Try it. Only 20 bucks right? Get friends in it. teamwork is everything!"
,Recommended,238430,7849565,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Asho4Sho,"Excellent game, like a refined, more survival centric Left 4 Dead. Highly recommend this game, and I snagged it for a little under 4 dollars during the Autumn Sale, which is a steal of a price."
76561198042535093,Recommended,238430,7863965,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,EmperorMemeLord,GREAT GAME
76561198031068876,Recommended,238430,7863928,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Son Of Chaos,"Really good so far but definitely need to play it with friends, single player is difficult"
76561197972322473,Not Recommended,238430,11946091,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,aleqgrai,Not worth the hassle. No useful solo play that I can fathom
,Not Recommended,238430,11948864,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Meat,"A bit poo. Very buggy. Looks old in terms of gfx.I found gameplay quite stunted and not what I expected. Got stuck on a fence; great. Zombie roar tends to do nothing; when I played I never saw other zombies that weren't players, no horde. Those survivors who have played more than once seem to like hiding together in very non accessible rooms making gameplay for Zombie side very boring indeed. VERY BORING.Maybe I'll change my mind with a few more hours but at the moment I wish I'd listened and not spent the money."
,Not Recommended,238430,11950977,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Mr.Clean,I purchased the game and when i try to open it it says launching then the launching tab closes out but it never opens
,Not Recommended,238430,11949154,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,ScothMcBeast,"Graphics are out of date, zombies are not interesting and the pace is slow."
,Recommended,238430,7873300,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Hairy Harry,Es a Gud
,Not Recommended,238430,11941024,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Mayor of Titty City,Worst game I've ever played. Complete waste of money.
76561197998439444,Not Recommended,238430,11952506,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Sabio,Producer made it to hard to play with friends on same server... Not recommened
76561198011852320,Recommended,238430,11963886,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,AnthonY,Its sooo fun i love it i recommend this game
76561198103045197,Recommended,238430,9791366,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,WilmaDikfit711,Good Zombie survival game
76561198006885627,Recommended,238430,9945515,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Sargeist,"Great zombie survival game.  Great controls, graphics, gameplay, modes and weapons.  This game is truly zombie survival horror like playing through a zombie movie.  The only nagging issue with this game is the multiplayer.  Get a game lobby so I can play with my friends on steam without using some lame♥♥♥♥♥thrird pary software which barely works to simply play multiplayer. Can we get a OSX version of this game."
,Recommended,238430,9792387,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,sOlar,"I bought this game awhile back when it was first on the store. I played it today for the first time in awhile, without knowing its actually the official release day (no longer an early release). I think it is very fun! I only play single player for the most part...and I wish there were certain features implemented to help with navigation but I recommend this. Its like Left for Dead if it didn't suck horribly mixed with a dash of RE Outbreak feel to it. Pick it up so we can co-op this stuff!"
76561198121751117,Recommended,238430,9809794,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,buzzwhite70,"Its a great game,(if the ""full controller support"" would actually work) I love how detailed it is and how you need other players to accomplish goals as well as yourself."
76561198028230632,Recommended,238430,9818743,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,savagemantis,"This is a great zombie game with awesome pvp elements!  If you get infected you will be able to play as a zombie and then hunt down other players!  I love the escape mode and it is awesome how the levels are generated randomly as well as the items that you find.  This adds some good replay value to the game.  The hunted mode is a lot of fun and pvp is intense.  The developer has already stated there will be free DLC and they are going to add more game modes, maps, characters and weapons.  Everybody should try this game, it's a lot of fun and you won't be disapointed."
,Recommended,238430,9791774,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,ToastOfDoom,"I really enjoy this game. It takes a fun genre and topic and shakes them up a bit with interesting gamemodes and mechanics. My favorite is Hunted. To give you an idea of it, imagine DayZ as a PVP deathmatch game (not that it isn't already), where you have to scavenge around for weapons and items, then when you feel you're ready to take on the horrors that await, you head off to track down or team up with other players. It's a ton of fun and definetly worth it!"
,Recommended,238430,9802905,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,XM177e2,"During the Pre-release stage i was kinda worried about it just being an average L4D clone but now upon release it has separated itself with high difficulty and good atmosphere and might i add actually kind of scary when your all on your own, it's kind of like the tactics of SWAT & (early) RAINBOW 6 meet the zombie apocalypse. WELL worth $15, Best played in a room with all your mates with the lights out and a good set of headphones"
,Recommended,238430,9813550,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,swak,This game is GREAT. The game JUST came out on full release yesterday and its amazing!!
,Recommended,238430,9818754,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Ashkandi,Need more Coop maps.
,Recommended,238430,9819744,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,[MOG]SirPhoenixBlood,BUY IT! this game lives up to what most zombie games promist and never gives us this is very much worth getting
,Recommended,238430,9821164,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Creez,One of Bests Zombie Survival Games sense with the new update !!!!!!!
76561198004307494,Recommended,238430,9821207,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,MatRicX,"Before I start I'm gona say I hate to compare this to l4d but it's the closest thing I can think of. If you hated the special infected in l4d you'll enjoy this game. It's slower paced (but not too slow), has multiple modes and characters to pick from.(escape is my favorite mode, you search for items so you can progress through the map from point A to B to C to D until you're overrun by AI zombies or player turned zombies or until you hopefully escape!)It also has a deathmatch type mode as well as a mode where you try and save AI survivors. In the latter, extraction mode, you hold out in a house until you are able to extract the survivors. you board up windows ect and try an keep the zombies out until you can get the survivors to safety.Overall this game is really showing promise, I purchased in early access and was pleasently greeted with frequent updates from the dev team on how the game is progressing and actual game updates and additions.Final score 8/10Pros:tight gameplayfun coopplay as zombiesstill adding more to the game post releasedevs are talking about getting stuff ready for community made mapscons:would like to see more escape maps (only two as of now)could maybe use a few more maps overall but that will come in due timeno ""story mode"" (but they are talking about maybe implementing something like this in the future)"
76561198021330067,Recommended,238430,9818464,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,SerJamie,amazing. no more words are needed...
76561198035588684,Recommended,238430,9822093,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Jules the Lawyer,"Pretty fun game. Creates a good tense atmosphere. Really want a map in a city like Barlow Park where every building and room is accessible, don't care how small the map is, just a block of enterable buildings and this game will have the perfect map and have a perfect atmosphere. Few glitches here and there, but other than that, really good game to get immersed in."
,Recommended,238430,9823005,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Kuraito,"I am personally a big fan of the game. It's more about survival then action, as unlike L4D ammo is scare and melee is incredibly dangerous. Instead of carving through waves of zombies, you must strategically use your limited ammo to best effect, while saving what you can for the few 'hold out' situations most PvE missions have.There is also a very enjoyable PvP format where human players are even more dangerous then the Zombies.And unlike other games, if you happen to die in this one, you usually get to respawn as an offensive powerful if fragile Zombie, meaning you can exact your revenge on the team that allowed you to die in the first place. I seriously recommend giving it a try."
76561197966546165,Recommended,238430,9824753,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Speirs,great looking game played it on my own first and only got to the gun store and had no ammo so save ammo as much as possible and then i went on multiplayer i think 4/5 servers i went on was lagging cause of how many zombies there were but if you have friends on this to play with its awsome great game just need to fix some lag issues that every 1 was getting
76561198024853759,Recommended,238430,9821553,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,PaulyD,"Contagion is a great game, no doubt about it. Most bugs have been fixed and the game play is pretty smooth, fps decent for my computer. There were only a few maps in the beta, how ever it seems that there are more to be released, so this game is a must buy."
,Recommended,238430,9821629,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,TheNebulai,"Update: 10/2016 -The community kind of died down, only 3-4 servers with people on them most of the time. Still fun with a group of friends but most of the people on the servers are COD style players, playing music over the mics, saying 'rekt' all the time, that kind of stuff. I wouldn't recommend for full price but if it's on sale go for it!Honestly a really good game with not too many flaws. Kind of takes the whole zombie apocalypse thing that every game seems to be doing and puts a nice spin to it. Definitely better with friends rather than alone, especially in extraction mode which can get rather difficult. My only complaint is there are only a 3 maps at this point in Hunted which is basically like a deathmatch mode, but after you die you are turned into a zombie to kill the remaining players. It can make for some good fun!I do like the fact that you can play this cooperatively or deathmatch style depending on how you're feeling that day."
76561198133381026,Recommended,238430,9954892,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,krumpke,"This is survival horror done right. If you are looking for a more realistic version of Left 4 Dead, then this game is for you. It's not particularly scary, mind you, but it does create the appropriate atmosphere of a world ravaged by the undead. Limited lighting and supplies, the moans of the undead and minor puzzle solving and maze navigating."
,Recommended,238430,8524589,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Lock Jaw,This game is very fun now yes your probably looking at how long i played this but this game is very fun with friends i played it with one of my friends nad i liked it so i would reccomend this game!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,238430,7771810,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Eternal Flame,"This is a very cool and fun game, made off the l4d2 engine and its like nmrih meets l4d2 and it can be very instense like the hunted mode where its pvpvZ its crazy because shots bring thr zombies so be very carful on how u will kill someone or kill zombies its in beta right now so theres much more to come and i cant wait to see what and hopfully a good number of friends can join me in the fun"
,Recommended,238430,7808156,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Yoofaloof,Loving this game at the moment. Particularly like the way you can switch from being an AI zombie then pounce when other players are least expecting it as a real one!
,Recommended,238430,7830310,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Toasty,An amazing gaem
76561197979480904,Recommended,238430,7830348,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,ROFLBerger,this game is pretty solid for an early access game. the fact that you get to BE A ZOMBIE after you are infected is pretty awesome!
76561198114017275,Recommended,238430,7868440,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Ashy Larry,good job boys sexy game ;)
,Recommended,238430,9751904,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,ZodiacNinja,this is a great game to play with friends either to mess about and just have fun or actually survive the zombie hordei enjoy this game as it is a fun and intense game which you can get stuck into
76561197964470400,Recommended,238430,7830075,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Colonel Panic!,Still beta and there are some obvious glitches but definitely worth the price.
76561198027776298,Recommended,238430,7830588,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,DannyDarkness,"Even in Beta, it's really fun and addicting. Cool game to get with friends."
,Recommended,238430,7849605,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,CyberChickenHD,really good beta game lots of fun
,Recommended,238430,8265483,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,stopped playing for 3 years(LEM),great game
76561198058687066,Recommended,238430,8266645,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,μαλάκας,I feel so contaged
,Recommended,238430,10625392,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Vic the Butcher,ITS GOOD YOU SHOULD BUY IT NOW
76561198013112894,Recommended,238430,7490274,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,JoeyTheJoker,Vaperware 2013
76561198044335795,Recommended,238430,15694668,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Scat Dazzle,awsome
,Not Recommended,238430,8453880,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Kampy*,"It didn't feel like a playable game yet. Most of the time you run around looking for whatever item's next and that's quite boring. You can get lost easily or lose your team or you just think 'Where the hell do I have to go again?' On the other hand the zombies are no threat at all. They are super slow and as long as you have ammo you can beat almost infinite numbers of them. The only way you can die is by running out of ammo or falling asleep because it's so boring and not paying attention. The deathmatch mode is somewhat entertaining, but the movement could be way smoother. I appreciate what they were trying to create, but I didn't have much fun and I think L4D2 is a way better choice if you're looking for a game like this."
,Not Recommended,238430,9647042,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Garbo,"5/10The single player escape map is pretty fun. The online mode is decent, but could use some work. Overall it's a great idea, but a lot of the mechanics don't work too well. A big problem for me is lighting. Some areas are too dark and some are too bright. The flashlight barely lights anything up. It was a mistake for me to buy this game, I thought it would be something like DayZ. I hope more escape maps are added."
,Not Recommended,238430,8690451,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,TOASTGOD_NEVERSKIPSLEGDAYS,meh
,Not Recommended,238430,9418754,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Boss of The Gym,Just a CoD nazi zombie copy
,Not Recommended,238430,8343450,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,MajorLeagueGinger,"At this stage of the game I'm unsure of it. I realize what it's going for but it's missing the mark. Weapons are completely underpowered, even the powerhouses like revolver and AR are weak as hell. I think zombies need to drop way way quicker than they currently do, because this breaks the game for me. This is the only game I've ever seen where zombies take more than 4 shots by a AR to die, it's like they are made of bulletproof material."
,Not Recommended,238430,8695878,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,PublicLewdness,"In it's current state, I have to say it's not worth the asking price. This might change, as it does show some promise, but I cannot recommend you pay money for the experience it currently provides.Note: This review was made over a year ago. The game modes were paltry, seemed like a sub-par L4D mod. I will play it again eventually and update this."
76561198102008686,Not Recommended,238430,9865503,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Dark Knight 777,"straight up this game sucks,, zombies are unrealistic, they climb ladders and jump to roofs, stay with the no more room in hell its more fun and free, its way better.."
76561197985781074,Not Recommended,238430,8438422,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,[MRKS]Chris-Edge,"If you have Left for dead just dont buy that game ! its pvp only, maps are way too much blocked and playing zombie when you dont know it is just the pain in the♥♥♥♥♥You can read ""cooperative"" in the description, is it co-op when other survivor stab you in the back to take your ammo ?Dont trust me and buy it as it's cheap by now."
,Recommended,238430,10086825,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Apathy,An awesome zombie survival FPS that no one seemingly plays.I had my game open to the public for the entire 90 minutes. And not a single person joined. Either matchmaking is broken. Or no one plays this online...Otherwise. Its legitimately scary. Tension and atmosphere are perfect. The scavenging aspect is perfect.The hitboxes on the zombies are frustratingly innacurate though. Sometimes you have to resort to shooting a zombie in the head five times before it finally registers a legit shot.This game would be so much better if MORE PEOPLE PLAYED IT!Also. To the Devs: OPEN UP YOUR FORUMS TO THE PUBLIC!
,Recommended,238430,10097928,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,Creepypasta Gamer Scout,it is an epic game
76561197995207942,Recommended,238430,10096665,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,Dr. [HERO],The second best zombie survival i have ever played.. Well done!
,Recommended,238430,10123227,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Warhol,"If you are looking for a hybridization of L4D and ZPS, this game is your goto gal."
,Recommended,238430,8036613,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,MONS7AH,"Perfect game, even in early beta. When this game is finished it will be a much better alternative to DayZ and any other zombie survival game out there at the moment."
,Recommended,238430,30048120,Posted: 19 February,all,Killerjerick,"Pretty awesome game, despite the negative reviews, I've no knowledge of the censorship that apparently is taking place, however.This review is based on gameplay experience;Contagion as a whole is an interesting experience, while there is little to no story, there is oppertunity for co-operative missions, as well as a great multiplayer experience. Once you work out the almost clunky controls, the game is very fun.Pros:+ Many maps/gamemodes+ Still fairly active community+ Good animations/hitboxes and general gunplay+ Makes for an awesome party game, be that LAN or otherwise+ Relatively easy to learn+ Controller supportCons:- Almost clunky feeling controls, although easily moved past- Very few updates- Camping is a viable strategy for multiplayer as zombies are less of a threat and more of a nuisance- Not too fun without friends, feels too competitive in the multiplayer environment"
76561198079344729,Recommended,238430,20138615,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Don Vonaducci,"This game has awful music and awful character models, but the gameplay is great and is definitely worth it. I highly recommend you have friends to play with though."
,Recommended,238430,8267693,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Logstv,"wait till the game is released to many bugs, nothing to really tell you what to do, slugish game playbut... has the ablity to be a new Left for dead style game"
,Recommended,238430,21384702,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,TomJoyce1234,:) .............................................
,Recommended,238430,21035378,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Sneepar,"Didn't play it long enough to review it but I think it would be fun to play with friends. Not alone. So I'm gonna recommend it, if you have friends who play it."
,Recommended,238430,31458326,Posted: 30 April,all,Keagan K,such a fun game... but its dead
,Recommended,238430,11060848,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,SHODAN,This game is amazing. I really liked the spooky guys in it. It is so cool how the guy in the game has an iPod for a phone just like I do.
,Recommended,238430,11096491,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,mr_kakashi,Amazing! this game is so much fun and gets your heart racing! a must have!
76561197996825457,Recommended,238430,7859177,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Spicy Skeleton,kik
76561198177912715,Recommended,238430,24093184,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,chord3games,"I love the concept for this game.  Especially Hunted, probably the greatest zombie multiplayer idea ever.  It's so easy, elegant and fun:  You pit players against one another in a free for all open world, and put zombies inbetween.  Beautiful.  Unfortunately, great concept is only the glorious first step.  You need to have modern graphics, a good HUD, quality servers, and no bugs (nobody is perfect but try to be).  It is unfair for the latency to be 250+ on like 95% of the servers like what the truck guys.  Overrall I have tons of fun with my friends playing this even in 2016, but there are plenty of things to work on still."
,Recommended,238430,28911290,Posted: 1 January,all,Gipsar_YT,"great game, i like it, it is best with friends"
,Recommended,238430,24565397,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,ＮＴ ＯＳ ＴＷＯ,"L4D and L4D2 were great, so I have to recommend the third game...wait a minute... uh... 10/10?"
76561198085251805,Recommended,238430,13899079,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,OldFaithfullShepard,AWesome game! With friends even more awesome than i thought! :D
,Recommended,238430,13899907,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Pickle Rick,"The game is nice, But the sound is ♥♥♥♥ed up..."
76561198079284525,Recommended,238430,13899448,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Rangersdontuselube,Blew 12 jaws off with a glock then got knocked out by a zombie throwing punches like ali1000/10
76561198042815239,Recommended,238430,26280736,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Pluh,It works fine. It's fun. It's (relatively) cheap. 7/10
,Recommended,238430,33450357,Posted: 11 July,all,theawakenedi,"it's what L4D should have been.  Not that L4D is bad, just that this is better."
,Recommended,238430,10683394,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,HAcoreRD,Left4Dead on Steroids.
76561197982387765,Not Recommended,238430,11941706,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Dead Already,"No place to learn, and dying over and over isn't fun."
76561198037345601,Not Recommended,238430,11943017,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Bend The Knee,"this is offically the worst game that i've ever played, like the number one with no compatitor.DO NOT PLAY:the game is poorly done, there is no single player or story mode as it shows in the trailer, there is only multiplayer that takes a long♥♥♥♥♥time to find a match and when you do it's usually 2vs2 or 2vs1 this game is the true meaning of bad game."
,Recommended,238430,7483025,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,Mr. Sabha Lori,Great zombie game and fun to play with freinds
,Recommended,238430,31017800,Posted: 8 April,all,Lord Snake (TittieMcFuckFace),fun game
,Recommended,238430,11903219,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,LucidDK,Liked: EverythingDislikes: I Died
76561198144769727,Recommended,238430,12141764,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,obadiah,"I did enjoy the gameplay and story of the game, and i'd definetly play another sequel. It was worth the purchase."
,Recommended,238430,12079263,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,sw,"I used to think a zombie apocolypse would be cool, but after playing this I decided it would be totally ♥♥♥♥ed.Legit 100% ♥♥♥♥ed."
,Recommended,238430,11860987,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Heretic,Probably the first 1st person shooter that gave me the chills .... this alone is worth buying it ;)))))
,Recommended,238430,12190145,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,largeblackperson,noice
76561198066889288,Recommended,238430,12404457,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Lewosch,Contagion is a fantastic first person zombie shooter. You can choose to escape the zombie infested  land or you could hunt down your fellow man because you are an evil♥♥♥♥♥♥wad who wants to kill people. But there are quite a few game modes that will keep you entertained for many hours. And unlike many early-access games it is still being worked on and updated (though Monochrome is a little light on the information). Great game and I definetly reccomend to anyone that enjoys first person zombie shooters.
76561198301651150,Recommended,238430,30971625,Posted: 5 April,all,NEON_FIRE,Great game
76561198066579905,Recommended,238430,30988904,Posted: 6 April,all,Red Balloon,its pretty good it made  me kill my entire family k now its coward killing time
76561198035279696,Not Recommended,238430,7893386,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Limaradragon,"Played it with a friend yesterday, the only fun map was the escape. The other 3 were dull. Furthermore, if you died, you'd become a zombie, which was funny at first, but evenif you die a zombie, you'll stay a zombie. So the co-op is lost there. You can't attack the other zombies, only your teammate, which was fun at first (the first few minutes of spooking him) but after that, it became kinda dull to be a zombie. The escape game was really short, and at times, there where no zombies in sight, and then you opened a door, and there were at least 20 zombies (Pretty sure my last count was 28 zombies) which is rediculous. This game needs more maps, more co-op , and more story. I know it's in beta, but I really hope they'll give us more, way more."
76561198023819369,Recommended,238430,8128703,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,WombatWilson,Christian is really bad at this game
,Recommended,238430,33402424,Posted: 9 July,all,Sapu Sarradohr #virgem,bom !
,Recommended,238430,17834873,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Chia,"With a Bagillion of zombie games out there, it could be quite frustrating to find that perfect blend of straight co-op, PvP type of survival zombie beat-em-shoot-em-up game. Contagion is a nice zombie game from the creators of the Counter-Strike/Half-Life MOD ""Zombie Panic"" which I enjoyed playing some years ago. If you're looking for a deep kind of survival game however, you might want to play DayZ or the newer games like H1Z1 and such. This one would feel more of a Resident Evil style, goal oriented Co-op game that anyone could just jump into and enjoy."
,Recommended,238430,23285008,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,WESCO,"This is the best multiplayer FPS zombie survival game. The hunted mode, in particular, is incredibly satisfying (except on Aurora Estates). The only problem is no one plays. There's maybe one hunted server with any players at any given time."
76561198069990968,Recommended,238430,17815114,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Chris Hansen,Very good game for anyone into the zomgie genre. The only thing that is worth to mention on a down side would be the lack of players and updates for the multiplayer.
,Recommended,238430,21709263,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,PetruȘprei,"This is the true life,in one day will be like him.Zombies everywhere and a lot of funny thing to do with your friend when is zombie apocalypse.WORTH TO BUY FAST"
76561198201590643,Recommended,238430,21766948,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Aigis,"It's not your average Zombie shooter like left for dead, call of duty nazi zombies or anything.. I feel it fits more closely to no more room on hell.. You also get to turn into a cockroach too if you are dead which is unique too. Overall the game is fun.. No Crosshair means you play it like Insurgency or Arma.. Take note you need to cooperate with your team and check status updates on your phone always :)"
76561198085748076,Recommended,238430,21574403,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,odin_blades,best played with freinds and to make new ones
76561198120926801,Recommended,238430,21577124,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Mr.Noodles,"for an indie game its not bad, Looks like a remade indie version of left 4 dead, There are some pros and cons to this game so far from what i have played despite the game crashed on me twice since install and needed to force power down my pc the second time, Not impressed.Like the differences between left 4 dead and this one, but the storyline is what changes this one.Ill probably play it when i am bored, but other than that its an addition to my collection. One day who knows these games may be landmarks to some major game one day. its worth the 10.99 its selling for CDN. not on sale. great starter game for 12+ getting into these types of pc games. But personally the videos to get you to buy it are way cooler than the game itself. Spend your money on Dead island or left for dead. unless you have kids that like zombies and have never played these types of games before."
,Recommended,238430,14766332,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Papa's in the House,12/10 would smartphone again
,Not Recommended,238430,10150521,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,fiNk♥,"At he Alpha/Beta phase this game where great and truely awesome.Then one day I played with my mate and saw an developer admin checking up our server, we were playing on..He said: Tomorow the full game will be released.We just didnt believed it, but they really patched it up the next day.So me and my mate were truely fascinated and started to play again.. it was inpossible to enjoy, we thought; ouhk, it's the realease day, but no, no new maps, still bugging zombs, lagging as♥♥♥♥♥and all this sht people know when they hate a game, but i LOVED it. The Beta was so great and the next day the ""full version"" of the game crashed my thoughts about this..I can't even call it a realease fail.. it's just.. i don't know.. i feel robbed out..Such a bad dicision they've made with this game...Was great but going to be one of those forgotten games soon...:/"
,Recommended,238430,11129895,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Joemal Dirt,3/10. its not that i dont like zombie games its just everytime i have played on the servers people do not work together
76561198060877748,Not Recommended,238430,11347540,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Maximus,"Within a couple hours of playing, I found i loved Contagion. That was untill i started playing the multiplayer (yes i played alone in contagion for a whole day). The Multiplayer could potentially be fun if maps weren't as small or annoying. There are never any servers up, so most likely you won't be able to try the multiplayer game you want to try. In most maps for multiplayer such as in the Hunted, you easily get stuck or trapped into tight corners where escape is impossible. The spawns are terrible, as i got spawned between two players who turned towards my direction near the same time looking for the building I was in to get loot. There isn't enough space. In Co-Op everyone goes handy dandy along untill one of the survivors die and then screw everyone before you can get on the helicopter"
,Recommended,238430,12225283,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Knight-Captain Biscuit,
,Recommended,238430,12394991,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Scottie6D,"Only reccomending YES because they dont have an ""ehhh it's alright"" Button.Game doesnt really stand out from any zombie game. In fact, this is really is just a cheap Small-scale DayZ or Infestation, with a diffrent name and SOMEWHAT diffrent mechanics.Zombies are hard to kill, especially when they're user-controlled.Gamemodes are fun but bland and repetitive. THe maps are not at all randomly generated or unique. Except maybe for the gamemode.The game offers SOME unique things, but really doesnt stand apart from any games in it's genre.If youre saving up for DAYZ or Infestation, I advise continuing to save your money and buy one of those.But if youre set on buying this, I'd go ahead and just try the game. Because again, it's not a miserable waste of time. Just  repetitive as hell.Game's like a 5/10"
,Not Recommended,238430,10149992,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,DETOXIFIED,"Gets boring ridiculously fast. Not clear on what to do exactly, regret wasting money on this.2/10"
76561198122684550,Not Recommended,238430,10155769,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,marklandon,"Wellllllpppppp...It was fun at first, but then it wasn't. I don't mean to be so vague, but for some reason, I expected a lot more fun out of it. =/But maybe it'll get better??"
76561197978832149,Not Recommended,238430,14231428,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,flinteryk,"i would have to say not recommended to buy, only becuase it is painfully simplistic and there are dozens of other games out there far a far cheaper price. it gets repeditive fast and its still overly buggy zombies bounding around getting stuck on objects and shots not counting on target. due to how long its been out i would have to say dont bother buying its not going to get any better than it is now and thats not that good."
76561198129948532,Not Recommended,238430,14501836,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Homerock1,"I haven't actually gotten to play this game, because the game spins my characters in circles uncontrollably. I really hope someone knows a fix to this."
,Recommended,238430,9904959,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,Ahab,"It's buggy, runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥ bad gameplay, bad graphics and a bad community to boot."
76561197984391008,Recommended,238430,10087942,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,ChipyCola,This game is amazing!!! when it works... =[cant connect to friends again.. back to the drawing board hahah
76561197994972319,Recommended,238430,10101985,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Gio,"games great, alot of new stuff since beta, well worth the 20and also most players are to ♥♥♥♥♥ to play on expert :D LOLZ"
,Recommended,238430,10198983,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,R~Dojima堂島,:^)
76561198062522847,Not Recommended,238430,10205940,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,benjamin6417,"This game is so borring, the controls are bad, the sound is a piece of poop... no don't waist your money in contagion"
76561198095812854,Not Recommended,238430,11339227,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,MindlessCreativity (Genaral12),Would not play 0/10
76561198012426359,Not Recommended,238430,11931684,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,YourMutha,"It's like Left 4 Dead, if L4D was boring."
,Not Recommended,238430,11938589,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,ixit,"Small player base, clunky controls"
76561198011672757,Not Recommended,238430,11995148,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Skeeter,The game would be fun if it werent for the -constant- headshots and the inability of zombies to die with body shots.  The iron sucks -suck♥♥♥♥♥ in this game and most of the killing is based around a lucky cone of fire headshot.  The zombies WILL NOT DIE unless they are headshotted.This game should be renamed to headshot because unless you get a headshot you dont get a kill.
76561198090633913,Recommended,238430,12004832,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Szechuan Sauce,every time i launch it a steam notification pops out and if i x out of it i cant play
,Not Recommended,238430,12018098,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,GumpyGoat,"Your team members hate you, and they also hate everyone else.I think they just hate fun.You don't get that from the game though."
76561198084596917,Recommended,238430,12074923,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,oldirtYdante,Glitchi...einfach nur glitchig - wenn mal ne gute runde bei ist gibts meist kein ende weil keiner weiss was machen muss
76561198055407113,Recommended,238430,12537713,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Mahoxy,It's like skyrim but with guns -IGN 0.5/10
,Recommended,238430,13793305,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,XxShadowTheHedgehogxX [KillerZX],it made me hard
76561198010482796,Recommended,238430,14166844,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,✞☮Happiness⓷⓷JMP☮✞,"Dobra zombie hra, Dobrá grafika hratelnost."
,Not Recommended,238430,14187463,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Judge Dredd,"Heard it was bad, still bought it, MAN was it bad.Let me start off by saying I played a ton of these games. Left 4 Dead, Killing floor, Dead Island, Dead Rising, etc... And this is probably one of the worste experience I've got so far.First of all, the pros; The guns feel nice, the headshots are satisfying. That's about it.The cons; Old way of setting servers, with the oh so fun port forwarding. The infection rate. A very good way to ruin the fun of any PvE game. Talking about ruining a PvE game, the ''turning against your allies is fun'' part. Why would I want to help out people I know will turn against me in about 3 minutes. So i'll just take these bullets for myself, Kill you with them, then fail horribly in the mission because once you run out of ammo you are the most useless human being on the face of the earth. Walking in glass hurts you, friendly fire is a pain.The cellphone is useless. The melee attack is useless. Jumping is useless. The health kit are a myth at that point. You can interact with about 3% of the map, and the ''DIFFENT PATH EVERYTIME'' is basicaly a magnum instead of an AK74 in the exact same bathroom stall.To the people saying you like this game, clearly stockholm syndrome. Seek help. I even read people saying: ''You have to train yourself at least 15 hours in solo'' What mentaly sane person would play a bad game 15 hours alone to just be able to enjoy the very game they paid. It's not like it's original or anything too, Left 4 Dead 2 did more than that, and is WAY more fun.Tl;dr : Don't buy this. Buy anything but this. I had more fun writting this review than I will ever have with this game."
76561198049702022,Not Recommended,238430,14218775,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Vash,"It looks cool, but the gameplay is just..Eh.."
,Not Recommended,238430,14250356,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Big Hoss,I would love to play this game but its not letting me play solo so thats the only reason why i dont like it
,Not Recommended,238430,14317823,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Telarius,"My impression of this game is that it is just another zombie FPS that feels unfinished.  I noted quite a few graphics glitches on a Razer Balde 2014 (Geforce 870M) as well, which I would not expect for a finshed release.  I loved the idea of Steam Workshop integration, but there are many other zombie FPS games out there that do as well."
76561198042768255,Not Recommended,238430,17214328,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Delta5931,"Play the game with friends or don't play it at all.It's terrible without friends and even then, you'll probably still hate it.But at least it's better than Aliens: Colonial Marines."
,Not Recommended,238430,19332229,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,13ushwacker,Sux
,Not Recommended,238430,20691522,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Keg,The games flashlight system gives me a headache
,Not Recommended,238430,9642817,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Manu,"I have bought this game 4 or 5 months ago, to play with my friends on my macbook. The mac version was supposed to be released a week after I bought it. Today, there's still absolutely no ETA of when it'll be released, this is a complete joke! Do the developers actually care about their players or what?! It's unbelievable to see such non-communication on that point!"
76561198101326409,Recommended,238430,10105828,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,velv,the cost was cheaper in the bata of the game it only cost 7.00
76561198038002185,Not Recommended,238430,10231675,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,caesarcornelius,Terrible. Don't waste your money.
76561198003180241,Not Recommended,238430,11931393,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,JewBox Hero,"For what was released, its not a great deal. best off waiting til its on sale for $5."
,Recommended,238430,12022966,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,DJ Juan,the games good. but if your a guy that play comp you'll rather play cod cause this game has ♥♥♥♥♥♥ waiting times if u leave a game. eg my wait time yesterday was a whole 24 hours like really Gaben why do u do this to us!
,Recommended,238430,12102849,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Solid_Core,"As the time passes by, it becomes better and better. As I've played it offline, my gameplay hours don't show but I've played it for about 10h. Good game to kill your time."
76561197995479700,Not Recommended,238430,13903080,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Siphaed,"""Contagion aims to save the zombie game genre from itself"", they say. I say it's been turned into just another DayZ clone.  These guys made Zombie Panice Source, a classic zombie game that was fun, enjoyable, and insanely challenging.  The game:  humans survive against zombies.  Humans died and they became zombies, but it was NOT about humans griefing other humans.Contagion has become a game of...-Server spawn players.-Players shoot other players fast.-Last 5 players hunt each other.-Game ends in less than ...7 minutes.-RepeatThis is not a zombie survival horror game.   This is not an enjoyable zombie game period.  Zombies could be replaced with slow moving road cones and you really couldn't tell the difference.   And the community has filled not with the classic ZPS players, but instead the DayZ style griefing a-holes that...OMG, you have to just mute the whole server and still the text spam.  Really toxic that is somewhat worse than LoL's community (how is that possible?!).If you're looking for DayZ on smaller maps with short time frames in a non-persistant world, this is your game.If you're looking a real zombie survial game on multiplayer maps, download the classic ZPS or maybe something else out there.  This is not your game."
76561197993394213,Not Recommended,238430,14051767,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,tsp.diraker,So dull and boring that I unistalled it. It's not worth the space on my drive.
,Recommended,238430,20027578,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Based Sudo,"----Caution----Would only buy this game if on sale.  This game is a blast when playing with friends that have voice chat.  Playing with strangers can be frustrating at times, especially if they do not have microphones.  Servers can be laggy and as of now you need to download 3rd party software to be able to create games for people to join.Dispite all of this, the game is a fun alternative to a zombie shooter.  Would recommend, but just know that you will not get a complete game."
76561198041192148,Recommended,238430,9591238,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Wigglysnoosh,"Contagion is just one of those games that everyone plays and you don't have. But when you have it you play it for maybe a couple hours every day, although this game is still pretty premature, it has capability to become as big as other leading fps zombie games, Although not many servers are up (in australia) i still think its failing its full potential. P.S. if you have no friends this game is almost unbearable to play.7/10               -RileyReviews"
,Recommended,238430,11812528,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,☂ diversity,"Plutôt bon dans l'ensemble. Des graphismes assez bons, une jouablité qui passe. Le saul problème à corriger est au niveau de la connexion aux serveurs."
76561198035912685,Recommended,238430,8483154,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Poptart Legend,"its ausome, looks realy good, plays good"
76561197974541580,Recommended,238430,15133030,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Woundedwaffle,wow much contagion such contagious so good 10/10 would be a bug again
76561198215716136,Recommended,238430,25538565,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,TIggA_NO,It's fun to go against your friends lol.
76561197976403180,Not Recommended,238430,8240227,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Dr. LosT GuY D.C.,Bad just waste of money....
76561198073601112,Recommended,238430,7754316,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,[*UNITY*]_ james,"Great game with lots of potential.  Its still in its early stages, so do expect small rough edges there and there, and also not too much contenet at the moment.  There's especially very few players as of yet.  When you do manage to find a populated server, and especially if you work together and chat, its a fun time."
,Recommended,238430,20574853,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,BrokenDoop,"I haven't played this that much yet, and it's great."
,Not Recommended,238430,8287195,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Stereorage82,"No matter what settings I use, no matter if I have one, or two monitors. I cannot get this game to even work. I realize this is still early access in beta. But I don't understand why it just shuts down every time I press ""go"" to play. I will update this review when I find that it actually works for me."
76561198212157296,Recommended,238430,28299333,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Re@lly,gg
,Recommended,238430,22723683,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Sekuu,This games is acutally very fun. I've enjoyed ours of fun alone and on multiplayer. I would definitely recomend this game to anybody who is into the more traditional head-shot zombie titles.
,Recommended,238430,25203333,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,we depression,Wow i just love playing this with my friends we have so much fun and stuff!!!
76561198141515533,Recommended,238430,11908126,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Khan1911,nice game but it does not have any newbie guide. And the most important thing is it does not have chinese mod.
76561198012171161,Recommended,238430,11902944,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Majellan,"Absolute fun! Left 4 Dead style gameplay on one mode, survival PvP w/ Zombies lurking around on the other.You really can't lose."
76561198071015341,Recommended,238430,11905053,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,El Blackout,Best $5 game I have bought.Hands down no regrets yoloswag420
76561198040704134,Recommended,238430,11910332,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Coach EllisGetRekt'd,I love it!
,Recommended,238430,11907685,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Fidlercrab,A good game to play with friends.
,Recommended,238430,13135046,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Notorious Gamer™,"Really good game, lots of fun gameplay, great with friends. Only wish there was more maps and gamemodes."
,Recommended,238430,13614973,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,1st. Luitenant. Милкман™,"Really nice game .... can't wait for the DLC (which is Free) taht includes new Weapons, Characters, Maps ... etc."
,Recommended,238430,13624632,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,A Concerned Citizen,It's like every George Romero movie ever.
76561198089841793,Recommended,238430,13622233,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Toad,Great game but alot of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥lol
,Not Recommended,238430,34264367,Posted: 15 August,all,Nekoarekusanda,"This game is generally good, but the fact I originally bought this for $19.99 makes me furiated. Decide a price and maybe keep that price."
,Not Recommended,238430,8147399,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,SPAAAARTAAAA!!!!,"The price is too high for such game. It start to get boring about 2-4 hours of gameplay (hope this will be fixed asap). Their free ZP:S mod is more enjoyable and re-playable for now, and free."
,Recommended,238430,11924303,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Zer🎃,I got this on the free weekend!So its basicly A zombie game done right!We finnaly get a good zombie game afters so long of♥♥♥♥♥♥games!The developers know how to makes zombies!Every other zombie game i play the zombies run... might as well make em humas and basicly they all just broke out of a mental instatute!Thies zombies ACT like real zombies... balicly like the walking dead zombies!The gun play is smooth the grahfics are nice to look at!Just this game is a overall badass game10/10 will buy soon! :)
76561197994639201,Recommended,238430,12860522,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,RenLou,One of the most unique multiplayer experiences I've had. Hunted mode is by far my favourite and it just feels great to surprise a survivor while playing as a zombie and watch their reaction. Recommend it for anyone who enjoys scaring people  and are tired of the same♥♥♥♥♥♥you see on every multiplayer FPS out there.
,Recommended,238430,29273594,Posted: 15 January,all,白雪 みぞれ Mizore,nice game with friend 7/10
76561197985159091,Recommended,238430,10103133,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Bambi,"well if you have played with dead island , this game is bad !"
,Not Recommended,238430,24592817,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Who can Kap-can,ill rather get left 4 dead
,Recommended,238430,26153454,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,palvarez73,Just like call of duty... but with guns and♥♥♥♥♥raping vulnerable players
,Recommended,238430,18814893,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Soc,Simply amazing... buy it... now...
,Recommended,238430,9826141,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Funnaycrap,"Just one thing...This is the only ♥♥♥♥ing game I've seen come out of Early Access.Ergo, you should get this game.And yes, it's ♥♥♥♥ing good."
76561198255497645,Recommended,238430,34131595,Posted: 9 August,all,BlackBeard,playing lan all the time
76561198089933978,Recommended,238430,34962458,Posted: 14 September,all,Plutie,a good game to play with a freind for a bit. but not going to be the game to replace your main games.
,Recommended,238430,14687636,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Halfcentaur,woa would shoot zombiesagain/10thx walking ded 4 making zombie into pop culture like videogmaes
,Recommended,238430,34989436,Posted: 15 September,all,ElderSilverFox,O.M.GOSH! Holy Fnck! This is a zombie game done RIGHT! There is not a better zombie game out there. This game makes you feel like you are controlling an actual human being somewhere where there are actual zombies and it is up to you to keep them alive. It feels and looks SO REAL! It's legitamitely Terrifying when you enter a game and it's just you and your starting pistol. Good luck!
76561198090360387,Recommended,238430,35093101,Posted: 20 September,all,mekolab,"Hey there, reader! You're wondering if you should buy Contagion or not, aren't you? Well, do you like atmosphere in your zombie games? Do you appreciate when games actually make you aim for that beautiful face? Do you smile when you do a job well done in close teamwork and jolly cooperation with your friends? Do you get a thrill when you ambush your former friend and slap them to death in a beautiful gank with your new zombie friends?Well then, as someone who bought the game when it was 30$ (Given the game now only costs 10$), I can say...BUY IT, STUPID.Addendum: Do you like playing No More Room in Hell? Well, this game is kinda like that, but generally speaking* the zombies behave more like zombies should, the gunplay feels much better, and the immersion and atmosphere are greatly improved*:Unless you're dealing with player-controlled zombies, in which case prepare to get hardcore strafed by an enemy that's only really vulnerable to headshots(IT'S NOT AS BAD AS IT SOUNDS, I SWEAR!)."
76561197971353375,Recommended,238430,35260811,Posted: 28 September,all,BIG BOSS DIK,Good game.
76561198035431085,Not Recommended,238430,7771732,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Wardy,Unfortunately I cannot recomend this game at the moment.Although I can appreciate it is in its early access stage it still does not cut it for me as they are willing to sell it.Me and a friend bought this game because it looked like an awesome co-operative.We came to learn that it is not all that straight forward! We could not host a co-operative game. After doing some research to find out what the problem was the lovely people of the world wide web were talking about port forwarding etc!Now for some that is ok. For me and every other gamer on a pc who has no clue is pretty much a nightmare/hastle.I would also mention about the online servers available: there is only one game mode available on one map. (Boring!) Atleast from what I was able to access.If and when this game sorts this part out il be happy to remove/edit this review as the developers have done a great job on the gamplay.I have my fingers crossed!
,Recommended,238430,7752137,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Jumppy1,"This game is a co-op zombie game,you can also be a zombie this game is awesome!!!"
76561198119522536,Recommended,238430,12732487,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,stephenF16,really good
,Not Recommended,238430,8329049,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,2 gurls 1 mixtape,"This game isn't good. It is worth $4 I guess but sure as hell not even worth $15. There are 4 maps 2 is escape 2 are hunted. If you're into running around for 5 hours with no objective, buy the game. It was a waste of money in my opinion."
76561198146625562,Recommended,238430,12711888,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,SongSparra,"This is one of the best FPS games I've played in years!The few draw backs for me is that I'm not comfortable playing in mullti co-op situations, (I doubt myself too much) so other than that aspect, the game is awesome but seems totally un-winable when you get to the final senario in any of the 'escape' endevours (again my own problem for playing solo).With all that said the graphics are pretty kick♥♥♥♥♥ the ideas to the game are good, but some how, some where, no body looked up what certain weapons do. Major pain in the♥♥♥♥♥with this game is for some reason they decided that a sniper rifle should be louder than a 9mm hand gun!!! Sorry but since when were sniper rifles EVER that loud??In all seriousness this is a much see/get game especially if you have mates that play online too, it is too good of value for money to pass up.I'm so glad I bought this for every day I get to play and try to survive, as lame as it is  :D"
76561198046675266,Recommended,238430,18374860,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Dustin,A great zombie game where you loot weapons/ammo and work as a team to complete objectives.Pretty much Zombie Panic: Source but way better!8/10
,Recommended,238430,12711681,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Charles,Nice Game!!
76561197972565661,Not Recommended,238430,12986188,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,D_R3w,garbage
,Not Recommended,238430,7835001,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,LoudCore,"I went into this expecting something really really fun. Was very positive about it since I've been following its development for over a year now.PVP zombie games suck so hard though, especially this one. I know its early access but I cant see this getting better until its PVE strictly (killing floor-ish). Controls are sluggish, the community already sucks (constant unpreventable friendly fire), no ambience, the game feels like a modification.Visually the game looks great for a ridiculously outdated engine.*sigh* another zombie game with no feel of tension.I cant see what's so fun about shooting enemies that act like they have an intellectual disability. It's boring and skillless.This game currently gives you no reason to keep coming back to play it.I'll continue to follow the games progress as time goes on, and will maybe update my review as so. I want this to be good."
,Not Recommended,238430,7876515,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,{[LP]} - Decay,"Interesting game but not in it's prime yet, however it has potential. It isn't worth getting currently due to various bugs, zombies are a bit glitchy at times, and gameplay can be a bit boring with it only being up to around 8 people (The community isn't too great either)."
,Not Recommended,238430,8729711,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Janos,This game 2 bad
,Not Recommended,238430,7865293,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,ThOmAs,"4/10, not very fun. The exciting gameplay dies after 10 minutes. The servers are dodgy and there's no way of having fun offline. I wouldn't buy this unless it ends up in another sale."
,Not Recommended,238430,7831152,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Alliedwar,Pretty bad even for a beta.
,Not Recommended,238430,7855385,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Bobba You,"Should of been a free mod, not worth anything more than 99 cents. Waste of money, waste of time. Uninstalled it asap.tldr; GAYYYYYYYYYYYYYY"
,Not Recommended,238430,11055863,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,If You Talk Shit You're A Nerd,"I wouldn't pay full price for this game.  It's jerky and the AI is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.  It's fun I guess to play with friends and try to survive, which isn't hard because again the AI is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and zombies get hung up on fences and get stuck under counters.  I'd stay away."
,Not Recommended,238430,11281721,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Tim's Discount New Years,"this game is awful.its a bad left 4 dead rip off that isn't fun or interesting in a single one of its aspects. every mechanic is annoying and slow. the melee weapons are the worst of any game i've played, animations are boring, zombies feel clunky, guns feel clunky, it feels like i'm walking through molasses, and the voice acting is bad and melodramatic, whichruinsjust about any game if done as bad as it is in this one.get left 4 dead 2 or killing floor instead"
,Recommended,238430,12745170,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Harii Pooter,"Contagion is great! I will say that now before getting inito what I don't like. The game is nice looking realistic, in the sense of guns, the lack of HUD is great for gameplay. But in some levels I felt too limited, like the levels were only about accuracy and linear gameplay, often getting annoyed at the limit of what your character can do. But in most levels the game is open, fun and not tedious. I love it. Hope this helped. :)"
,Not Recommended,238430,9791309,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Retard,You're screwed.
,Not Recommended,238430,11913472,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,JWambo,NO ONE BUY THIS GAME EVEN IF IT IS ON SALE.WORST GAME POSSIBLY TO EVER HAVE BEEN CREATED. SAVE YOURSELF SOME MONEY AND BUY SOME 20P FREDDO'S INSTEAD (worth it).P.S not as bad as SpinTires.
76561198143804060,Not Recommended,238430,12943699,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,ibeetmyeet,ordered it and it was lagging i have excellent internet and didn't work offline
,Not Recommended,238430,13074465,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Broseph,Don't get this game this game is crappy there are a bunch of annoying glitches in it horrible graphics it is super laggy and the gameplay isn't very good i may not have played the game very long but that just means how bad the game is if i can see it with very little game play
76561198147963209,Not Recommended,238430,26127899,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,yellow$$gangsta,not enough boobs
,Not Recommended,238430,9991431,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,:^),don't buy this game really ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198043454585,Not Recommended,238430,9798631,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Grinn,"Jump(or rather, tripping) over to full release from early access; that's what it is. Player model turned uglier. Zombie still have floaty head hitboxes, persistant from EA. There's very little escape map for coop enthusiast and even to that, you get player enemy when they die or infected if you so careless to get your clothe's thread hit. New escape map has poor item drop and many zombies, even melee, as a form of completion deterrent. A cheap game padding due to lack of maps instead of meaning, challenging obstacles. Say, challenging? They added an armored zombie that will eat up all your ammo-not that you have any. Pvp enthusiast? Bring your team to the game or face outnumbered in a hunt game, a solo free for all(save the group which the game has no fail safe over). ZPS enthusiast? This isn't the game. There's no weight system so everyone hoardes everything. Melee isn't skill based, but fail-to-be-based. There's no physics-based barricade and game is slower with worst tick rates. Those who still cares, forum moderators now are going full out, trigger happy post deletion, thread locking mania. You wanna post? Better be positive or tatsuro will delete it. You got opinions on game? ""Well it's just your opinion""-actual quote from another dev."
76561198097561101,Recommended,238430,13075960,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Fabeano,"Well, it's a zombie shooter... What to expect? -- 6/10Ok, the game is not bad, it's a FPS against mindless zombies. But when you compare to a No More Room In Hell, a free game, you can see a big difference. The only aspect this game is better is the graphics. The graphics are sure well polished, but nothing else.I didn't feel a difference among the fire weapons, playing on Hard, I still could get a double headshot with the starting pistol. In fact, I just need two weapons the whole game, the starting pistol and the shotgun for the armored zombie (So I can kill it ""faster""). The melee system is not good either.Something frustrating, are the objectives. I know we do have a GPS for some of them, but other they tried to be too realistic, I spent almost half hour looking for a key component (Extinguisher, bolt cutters etc) without a clue where to find it, even had to restart the whole level to randomize it again and finally be able to find the item I need to progress in the level.Playing online was not that fun too, but my network was not very helpful too, so not much to say about it.I recommend this game only if you really want one more zombie FPS game."
,Not Recommended,238430,12883569,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Teko,Camping simulator 2014
,Not Recommended,238430,16997922,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,mmm.... appa joos,Worse than Skare's game reviews.
,Not Recommended,238430,13602704,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Johnny Dizz,Garbage
,Recommended,238430,13659293,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Dahitman,"It's L4D with limited ammo, non linear map progression, exploration and attack/defense phases.Players can use voice chat, share guns/ammo and tools/melee weapons.Everytime you die as a survivor, they appoint you to a zombie squad leader, where you can be malicious to the survivors.Several game modes, where I found extraction to be the easiest.My only complaint is the maps doesn't rotate per server.I'll write an extensive experience once I've done a couple more hours.Current community groups are very mature and cooperative.Similar to Zombie Panic Source, more ridged controls and a lot slower paced."
,Not Recommended,238430,9973033,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Super Symmetry,Meh.
76561198124639506,Not Recommended,238430,9982173,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,jordoko,just garbage
76561198357310618,Not Recommended,238430,29917500,Posted: 14 February,all,CraigFairbairn2005,It takes too long to load up a game so do not buy the game
,Not Recommended,238430,7837391,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,clarence,"Overall I would give this game a 3/5. PROS: The graphics are good, which is nice. The amount of characters and backstory gives a fresh feel to the game. CONS: The maps are terrible. There are too many paths, which makes the game very confusing to play compared to other zombie survival games. Take No More Room In Hell for example, its maps have a compass to guide you through objectives. Another thing I did not like about this game was the physics. The zombie movement feels very rigid. It's not very fluid at all. The shove with V is terrible, it doesn't even push the zombies away. The zombies take too many shots to die. Headshots take 2 times on some occasions. The game is filled with many bugs. It feels like it was hurriedly put together. Not sure if it's copying other games with the shove and charging for melee weapons. Overall, it's worth what I paid for it. About three dollars and seventy-four cents. I will be playing it more to see if it can change my mind and when it gets updated. I do realize the game is in beta and I hope they fix all the problems."
,Not Recommended,238430,11303021,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Jeampster,it is literally the worst game and for 20$ what the hell this game should be for free thats how bad it is
76561198086758882,Not Recommended,238430,7861685,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Zappieroth132,"the game is good but i have noticed some things which make me very madapperently the devs cant take bad reviews or talk about this game so instead of recommenting this game i shall dislike for their bad behavior and terrible support to this so called ""finished game""a nice game full of bugs and glitches missing sounds etc this game is far from finishedand i deffinitly dont say such things oftenthe devs need to pick up their♥♥♥♥♥♥and work on the gameeven alpha was better then the game is now -_-"
76561198073763366,Recommended,238430,8176821,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,[Lolz]AwesomeTrooper29,The game is now good
76561198042704216,Not Recommended,238430,9092254,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Wizard,This game f*cked my girlfriend :(
,Not Recommended,238430,7905636,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,blender,"I feel bad for people who bought this game for full price, if you had gotten this game on a sale well your in luck because you're never gonna wanna play this game again. This game is poorly developed for a beta in the year of 2013, it's just pure cancer, no offense to cancer patients at all I'm sorry but this game is that bad. I was lucky enough to get this game for 3 ♥♥♥♥ing dollars, I really wish I can uninstall life right now that's how much I feel like ripping off a body part. Everytime my friends ask me to play this game with them which has only been 2 or 3 times now, we rip on the game. This game gives us more entertainment to♥♥♥♥♥♥on than too actually play it itself. Now I know this seems a little too much for a review, but seriously if you bought this game and liked it... What kind of species are you that you like this game?"
,Not Recommended,238430,9722378,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Extra_Random,Just Awful.
,Not Recommended,238430,15213025,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Bobel,"Been fooled by people looking like they are having fun playing this game on youtube.  Overall, a horrible experience."
76561198080177917,Not Recommended,238430,15220112,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Kflo01,Ehhh game is so-so. It plays like Left For Dead 2. I should have done more research. If I had known that before buying it I would have passed. IF yuo want a game like L4D2 just get L4D2 its wAY more polished than this.Nothing really ground breaking here at all.
76561197971078137,Not Recommended,238430,9051909,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,{IDCHES}Lilamma-,its crap
76561198004610783,Not Recommended,238430,9838056,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Sgt. SpLiffy [Not Trading],"This game kindof sucks♥♥♥♥♥It IS a playable game, so I guess that's a plus, but I played it around 4 months ago after I bought it for $10 or something, and it was so mediocre I have yet to get the urge to try it again and see if all the problems I faced have been fixedBasically the controls and animation are a little stiff, me and my friend had trouble understanding the objectives of any of the game modes, and it never really felt like I was being challenged, I would either be killing hundreds of zombies or I would be killed because one snuck up on me, no real inbetween.Im rating it down becuase of my experience at the time that I played it, so don't take this as a current review if you are looking to buy.  Just know I don't think it will be that great.  4/10"
,Not Recommended,238430,16577321,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Apostle The Fraud,This game is mega♥♥♥♥♥♥ but you know what's not♥♥♥♥♥♥ This live version of lakes of canada by sufjan stevens.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uceNZtKZAnc
76561198151891923,Recommended,238430,18212218,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Hype XpertZ,cool game you need to buy
76561198002565022,Not Recommended,238430,17964568,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,YoloToast,"Basically you're paying for a less developed, less looked after version of No More Room in Hell, which is a free game btw. Go play NMRH instead please."
,Not Recommended,238430,12928861,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Crucifilth,I wouldn't recommend this game to many people. The majority of servers that you can actually find to play on just have ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s who kill all the survivors and want to play lone wolf style and timeout the map. The team aspect in this game doesn't even exsist so don't expect it. Play this game for a come all kill all because it's how the majority of players end up playing it.
,Recommended,238430,10052757,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,Bogus,piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game no Asian servers apart from US or EU.
,Not Recommended,238430,10018867,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,W i i d,LIXO DO♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,238430,18818810,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Kanade,One of the best zombie games!This is No More Room in Hell clone but its better.If you like PVP there is a gamemode called hunted.
76561198030096386,Recommended,238430,10679824,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Cool and G O O D,Jumped on a trampoline from a roof and died.10/10 would buy again
,Recommended,238430,13600929,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,StickyNickyJoe,"I kilt a zomby wit bowlets. 11/10 - ""wood zomby agane"""
,Not Recommended,238430,9825308,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Eric,Boring
,Not Recommended,238430,7860980,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,hopeless1606,it doesnt work most of the times
32757685778378257,Not Recommended,238430,8132405,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Bleachtaire,you cant find a gun anywhere and i cant connect to my friends games
76561197997667728,Not Recommended,238430,8434293,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Angryr,"♥♥♥♥ this game and it's ""key"" that I have to find to progress. ♥♥♥♥ that I checked everywhere. ♥♥♥♥ you game."
76561198044163323,Not Recommended,238430,8352023,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,MakeShift,Zombie and Shooter are a horrible combination 2/10 -Star Games
,Not Recommended,238430,8379313,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Omega,Did not say pvp anywhere going to get my back on this as they can just run up to you and start shooting
76561198093620842,Recommended,238430,9759897,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Diamond Nips,"Contagion is a fun first person/coop/awsome.  This game takes realism to whole new level in zombie shooters.  This game is best played with friends and you will find plenty online.  Everyone seems to be more mature on this game age wise, so you will almost never come across a squeker.  Every match you play on three game modes gets switched around for a new experience, sou you always are strugling to find the next key objective.  Your phone gives you plenty details on the job at hand.  This game never felt like a chore to play.  The only thing that absolutyly needs to be fixed in my eyes is the head hit box.  It is so tiny that you will somewhat frequently shoot a zombies or players shoulder.  I have died numerous times this way but that is no reason to not buy this game for 14.99!  I give this game a 9/10.Sorry for the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ spelling, i am very tired"
,Not Recommended,238430,23546125,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Konoko,"You, guy, dude looking at the store page.Go look up there in the search box, type in Zombie Panic: Source, and go play an actually good zombie game."
,Recommended,238430,14566533,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Chowdermetal,okay game but it gave me the herps4/10
,Recommended,238430,7857975,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Lt. Chaz,Simply Amazing.
,Recommended,238430,12971142,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,FlipZoneD,epic
,Not Recommended,238430,10639397,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,PeligroWilsonez,"This game is kinda fun but the lack of anytype of map system, besides the god awful Mall type maps, make me have to not recommend this game. Since theres no real way to navigate, it becomes a boring mess of looking for openings with green lights. You have a cell phone, you dont think a map app would be handy? somethign that marks the dead ends that almost every place seems to end in? Like I said, til they fix that issue I cannont recommend this game."
76561198023473005,Not Recommended,238430,11201876,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,christo_ce,i do not recomend maybe if it was a early access but way tomuch need fixed and just bad game play all around!
,Not Recommended,238430,11566844,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,mojito,what the ♥♥♥♥
76561198085506585,Not Recommended,238430,11595540,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,WinMastery,"This game should not be regarded has a ""successor"" to ZP:S in any way.... It is really different and it's less fun compared to ZP:S, in my experience.... You have been warned, this is not trolling... Contagion is no where near a ZP:S 2..."
,Not Recommended,238430,11940768,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,TheRealMoney,♥♥♥♥♥♥SHIT M8I'd ask for a refund but that'd mean admitting I bought it.
76561197960675330,Not Recommended,238430,12030464,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,KingKaiser,"Boring, and more Boring, I played the Game early on and it was very fun, now days after coming back to it, its very stale, particularly when your a zombie, theres no specilized commands that you can harness to punish the living survivors, lack of weapons adds to the survival feeling but the control mechanics and movements are much to be desired, I cannot recommend, not right now."
,Not Recommended,238430,13239632,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,El Panda de Los Muertos,"Contagions are generally things to be avoided, and this game is no different.The graphics are fine, and so is the gunplay really.  The level design is boring and befuddling... I really don't know what they were thinking there.  It really ruins things.Judgement: Quarantine."
,Not Recommended,238430,15001019,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Rusty,I love this game. I just wish it didn't run like garbage.
,Not Recommended,238430,15604120,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,DEEZNUTZ™,10/10 woulds never buy this game again.♥♥♥♥♥
76561198025239636,Not Recommended,238430,16856073,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,RIPBillCosby,"Kinda wish Steam had the new refund policy around when I bought this game.For me, not stable in the slightest, I spent $20 for 50 minutes of frustration."
,Recommended,238430,23337060,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,mark,Weiner
76561197977812839,Not Recommended,238430,10624091,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Darth Mahan,"Don't waste your money on this game.Everyone hogs up ammo/guns. (theres a reason L4D basically gives infinite guns/ammo)Game has heavy focus on teamwork but lets face it, random players never work together.Game has no tutorial, good luck figuring out the controls and how to play!Game gives zero direction on what to do or where to go, so you'll be wondering streets for 20 minutes until some zombie player finally manages to find you."
76561198010865368,Not Recommended,238430,11542387,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,fallenshadow,you can't play this game solo soo if there is no one else you don't get to  play this game at all. which  mean  you wasted your money  buying this game
,Not Recommended,238430,12075584,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Fades,What the crap..... don't just don't ya no.... wait maybe.... no what the hell no. DON'T!
76561198055976539,Recommended,238430,13177473,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Brayden™,So far it's bad. It's saying that i dont have anough RAM? It says i only have 2457MB and the minimum is 4000MB? i have alot more then 2457MB of RAM? anyone got any reason why?
,Not Recommended,238430,16857674,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Yoda,Its not for me and has low player count
76561198089865023,Not Recommended,238430,19799235,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Subfer (Trading),Not left 4 dead not good.
,Recommended,238430,9819978,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,stay woke,"It's out of Early Access, so it's time for a review. Contagion is a (mostly) co-op zombie game with 3 main modes. The first is escape, where you escape from a police department using your skill and wits. Definitely the best mode. The second is Hunted, a PvP free-for-all with a cool mechanic, the cell phone, which allows you to page people near you. This is the second best, but the damage should be more realistic. Im sick of being turned on by a pistol after shooting someone in the back with an Mp5 for ten years. This isn't battlefield 4 ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t damage, its a good game, so keep it that way. The third and worst mode is Exctraction, where you and your team need to escort an npc with the wits of Courtland. After you rescue them, assuming you actually do, GUESS WHAT? ANOTHER SET OF AUTISTIC SURVIVORS! Its a huge cluster♥♥♥♥ of zombies in a two inch room and you have a solid 5 bullets or some♥♥♥♥♥♥ GG game. Anyway, buy it for escape, but don't expect the appeal to last forever. Solid shooting and zombie AI only goes far if you put them in the right environment. A solid 8.5/10. Its better than Joe telling me to kill myself and then ignoring me for like ten years."
,Recommended,238430,7552864,"Posted: 2 November, 2013",all,I Me Mine,"This game is a great zombie game, but has a slight amount of issues. Get Project Zomboid."
76561198049745255,Recommended,238430,21173294,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,American Sniper,"Good game, this game looks like Left 4 dead."
76561197971726196,Recommended,238430,7816592,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Really Old Man,"This game is a blast. Sure its buggy, but I'm having lots of fun playing it. I highly recommend it to anyone looking for a fun zombie shooter"
76561197964732751,Recommended,238430,7826196,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,»Zba« Freakgood(swe)Warmin,Great ♥♥♥♥ing zombie game but take note its still in Beta meaning it need more maps and some tweaking here and there :)
76561198185311942,Not Recommended,238430,31287237,Posted: 21 April,all,FaZe Exo,sucks
34567421345621343,Not Recommended,238430,22135558,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Mr.Bombastic,this game is garbo
76561197982716727,Not Recommended,238430,16525799,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Zethril,"The description is lacking. In game it says ""Solo play/LAN"", there is no solo play at all. There is no way to play the game withouy other people. I don't want to play with other people. I want my money back."
76561198085174920,Not Recommended,238430,16528821,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Assfoot,MInecraft has better zombies
,Not Recommended,238430,17417335,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,PickledEyeball,I can't play this game for more than 20 minutes at a time. there's no one on. The developers are sensitive jerks to the people WHO BOUGHT THEIR GAME. The game gets boring. don't buy it. it isn't that fun at all
,Not Recommended,238430,18067914,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Feels bad man,Game is fun but i wouldn't recommend this gameGo buy something else
,Not Recommended,238430,20405345,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Ionstorm,"Clunky, unplayed and terrible, maps look like a rip off of left 4 dead 2.Avoid."
,Not Recommended,238430,17197523,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Set,.
,Recommended,238430,8242278,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,MissRip,COOPERATIVE***
76561198155838059,Recommended,238430,23409772,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,GREASY CHEEKS KEIR,Gr8 game m8 I r8 8/8
,Recommended,238430,13582401,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Windows On The World,the characters walk
76561198011704498,Not Recommended,238430,8041878,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,SovietCoffeeFox,"1ST REVIEW. giant pile of bugs!! I know, I know, its early access, but very unplayable in some parts, survivors are a pain to pick up, some nice aspects to gun play and I hope they fix all the issues soon and will have left 4 dead realsim version on our hands. But at the moment, very crappy, dont waste money.2ND REVIEW. There is improvement and more to come. I got the game because I saw something I like and its definetely there but very unpolished to enjoy my experience."
,Recommended,238430,29604926,Posted: 31 January,all,Raven,Its fun when you are bored.
,Recommended,238430,18798576,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Benjamin,AMAZING diamond in the rough a must for any zombie fan! Like left 4 dead but better. lots of atgtention to detail and really cool features. its a native pc indie game and it even has local split screen!
,Not Recommended,238430,18805119,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,WaShEDBuRnEd14,i don't even know why this is a game. so many zombie games and this one comes out. it's confusing. hard. and clunky.
76561198130668581,Not Recommended,238430,18847588,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Helen Keller With An Awp,It Fails To Load Into A Game It Wont Let me start one either
76561198086175910,Recommended,238430,13604866,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Triactis,"This game is absolutely amazing, it's the perfect zombie defense/survival game. It gave me a realistic zombie experience as like if it were really happening I truly felt fear playing this game."
76561198065654641,Recommended,238430,9802350,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Silliest Goose,Sweet Game 9/10
,Recommended,238430,9795483,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,R I P T3SLA,"Great game, owned for a long time and loved almost every second, only issue was a bug that caused my game to crash but i found a fix eventually and am back into this spectacular game! :) if you have the cash then BUY THIS GAME!!!!"
76561198048048796,Recommended,238430,29126670,Posted: 8 January,all,kierankent,good game
76561198032531422,Not Recommended,238430,11941632,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Triggered,"Wouldn't reccomend this game to anyone, Multiplayer is very laggy, and considering the whole point of this game is multiplayer thats a horrible thing, objectives inside the game are very unclear, unless you have someone in the game who knows everything in the level good luck completing the level. This game should be a early access game because it feels more like an alpha than a completed game. As I said, would not reccomend it"
,Recommended,238430,9818846,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Messy_Cat,Fun co-op survival game. Would love to see some let's plays of this.
,Recommended,238430,9822410,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Supergooba,#coolio
76561198065849642,Recommended,238430,9821476,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Pineapple,"By far my favorite zombie game ever(Take in mind I'm pretty casual at zombie games)Graphics-9/10Gameplay-7/10(can get monotonous)Content-8/10Overall-8/10Is worth it right now, even though it is in beta."
,Recommended,238430,9976509,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,ArteyFlo,"Extremely fun, but hard as well."
76561198144020988,Recommended,238430,31228797,Posted: 18 April,all,Rech,this is so cool. but i cant buy it :(
,Not Recommended,238430,7838803,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Demonic Howitzer,"11/2013 If you didn't get it at 75% Don't, it's in beta and that is that, it has a long way to go to be worth playing, zombies need a way to help them find survivors on the huge f'n maps, more doors need to be breakable, and player zombies need to survive for more than 2 shots - that is all3/15 Game is no longer in beta, but still not worth a buy at all, it's boring, reptative, and other *free* games do the same thing even better, the playerbase is PAST tiny, try like 100 people max playing it, and good luck filling up a server - Full Pass, don't even buy it on sale.Since people seem to dislike revews that are straight and to the point, all I have to say is, with over 650 games in my steam account this one is worth less time than things I've gotten in bundles - I have no idea why the reviews for this game are mostly positive, I can't find a redeeming value to this game."
,Recommended,238430,16458478,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Kira,"G8 M8 why isn't everyone plaing this (because they have to friends to play it with) everyone cries about the how hard it is,however it's super fun to put on the harest diff and play with like 2 freinds it makes the game fantastic+prosfunzombieshard-consI have no freindsskary"
76561198020322424,Not Recommended,238430,8449132,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,ĻØŴ ƤƦŐƑĩĹĔ,Took about 4 minutes to hate this F'ing game. Controls absolutely ruin this game.Rediculous.
,Not Recommended,238430,9337982,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,KevlarWuff,Really not what i thought/hoped. Not worth your/my time and/or money!
,Recommended,238430,12753451,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,bRIdGEbOY,Gud game
76561198029743753,Not Recommended,238430,8667415,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,StarFishon,"not enough action, vey clunky controls"
76561197996945605,Not Recommended,238430,8708547,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,-__________-,bad
76561198069061747,Not Recommended,238430,8719869,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,BIGRIGADAM,never works for me always fails to join servers very dissapointed
76561197968226809,Not Recommended,238430,8723899,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Cruel Justice,"If you enjoy coop at all, look elsewhere. While at first it seems to have a pretty good coop mode, you soon realise they made the silly mistake of putting pvp in said coop modes. You all start out as survivors, cool lets conserve ammo and survive through teamwork, but once someone dies, they become the walking dead. Seems harmless, yeah? No, people catch on to this and then the first thing they do when a round begins is purposely get killed by a zombie, to become one themselves and grief the survivors. They are able to do this because they have absurd amounts of health compared to your typical walker, and can do things like crouch and bunny hop around. So they can crouch in the corner of a building and pick off all your barricades. Why every single damn game just HAS to have pvp nowadays i dunno, but as with every other game like this that rely's on having pvp one of their main draws to get people to play, it will just die off in a few months when the pvp bandwagon moves on to Call of Duty 458. Good riddance to this game, next time take a page from succesful zombie games like Killing Floor and L4D 2 which atleast keeps its pvp seperate"
,Not Recommended,238430,8789538,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Mathalous,"Human zombies are over powered as it stands. They can run as fast as if not faster than normal players, allowing them to easily zig zag to dodge bullets. Once a few players get eaten its game over."
76561198079580615,Not Recommended,238430,9230596,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,GloomyDog,"I purchased this game after seeing several videos of the group play that it offered. Quite excited my friend and I loaded it up and were quickly disappointed. We could not manage to work our way into the same game to play as a team.In the three minutes that we were trying to join together I started solo play on an extraction mission. Within moments the target that I was trying to save was overwhelmed and I was failing the mission even though I had just entered the house myself. While I understand that the game is meant to be difficult, this was literally my first attempt at the game and without any introduction the only way that I can describe this is poorly designed and unforgiving. It is difficult, if not impossible to play with friends and the difficulty is above the average level making this game very hard to approach from the outside."
76561197970500224,Not Recommended,238430,9384771,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,NickeyMouse,got into a few maps with some decent players and had a good round or two early on but every return since has been sitting in the server browser not able to connect or in a game spawning as a zombie somewhere all by myself and insanely boring.
76561198110308956,Not Recommended,238430,8797264,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Demon Assassin,that's not a good game. trust me.
,Recommended,238430,29107517,Posted: 7 January,all,Reverb,Good game would commit for prostitution again.
,Recommended,238430,9802511,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,moytron,Contagion is overall a fun zombie co-op. It has a very realistic feel. I give it a 8/10. It still has bugs but you can easily get pass them.
76561198060388272,Recommended,238430,9750703,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Join The Bro Army,love it
,Recommended,238430,32623991,Posted: 21 June,all,Saint,"""Hi, EZ-Q? It’s me, Sara Jane. I was wonderin’ if you’d like to do it again""I thought devvo abondoned it but actually maybe not so hm one day could be good i guesso"
,Recommended,238430,13157859,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,League of Legends Player,Boarded up a house with heaps of wooden planksWent down to basementGot shot by a guy who was hiding in there11/10
,Recommended,238430,13161487,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,MPG GOKU,Great game for the price
,Recommended,238430,15165668,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Fyyar,"Still haven't gotten past the first level, I keep meaning to, oh well"
76561198266948202,Recommended,238430,30503141,Posted: 13 March,all,THE FAT ENGI KING,You should play dis game cuz dares zombies duhhhhh(Sips beer AHHHHHH life a ryley) wait the tapes still going a www gotta get of seat now dats a bunch a bull♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,238430,10097073,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,sarge_jj,if you like left 4 dead than you will love this!
76561197999808026,Not Recommended,238430,10685769,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Beef_Stu,"Great idea, but the execution is decidedly not fun.  Ammo is scarce as hell on Normal difficulty and higher, and I've yet to actually FINISH a single map."
76561198061669382,Recommended,238430,9941558,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,mr.pulp,its nice but needs more GUNS like a super wepon browning or rocket lancher rifles m4 honye bager[rifle] oh and more maps
76561197968560421,Recommended,238430,11760275,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,RandalMcdaniel,"Hmm meh its alright i guess, weapon accuracy is pretty bad tho"
,Not Recommended,238430,10662514,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,diaboliic,"Zombie Panic and No More Room In Hell all over again <3 but poorly optimized and executed, the gunplay and fighting systems are broken :/"
76561198032528294,Not Recommended,238430,10786758,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Warriorsage,"Sometimes there are bad games with good intentions.  This is one of those.For awhile Contagion sat on my Wishlist, being watched.  I read the reviews and stayed away, but still, it sat there because I have most zombie games worth owning.  It went down to five bucks, and I picked it up.  It's a good thing I waited, because that's all it's worth.Everything about this game screams that some game dev interns at a college somewhere did it in their spare time, and packaged it as quickly as they could just to have something to sell.  It's a bizarre mishmash of the zombie mode in Call of Duty, the old Resident Evil games, and Left 4 Dead.Firstly, did you watch that video when the store page opened?  I hope you enjoyed it, because that's all the story you're going to get.  It's also the prettiest graphics you're going to get.  We don't play games like this for story, necessarily, so let's move on.The sound isn't anything special, and is low budget and forgettable.One of the features of the game is the ability to use a cellphone.  You'll get text messages on where to go.  The only problem is once I hit the button of ""recommended settings"" in the graphics options, the cellphone's text was too large for me to read - at 1080p resolution.  So, basically, this neat little feature was useless.The maps are few, you've probably already read that elsewhere.  Basically instead of making numerous maps, they made a couple, and randomized which gates would be open to provide routes through the map objectives.  It's not a terrible idea, I'm sure it saved them lots of time they spent on - nothing.Your weapons are varied but aren't particularly satisfying.  The zombies have few animations, get stuck on things constantly, and have no ragdoll physics, so a shotgun blast has no kick, it simply does damage.  1990's, anyone?The combat's critical in a game like this.  I found it kind of refreshing having to use ironsights on my gun since there's no crosshair.  You can configure your character's bob when they run, and the look and ironsight speeds separately.You get a flashlight on some weapons.  You can tell they tried to make the lighting effects cool and bounce off different colors on different surfaces.  What it turns out to be is bizarre effects that make you think you're viewing the world through a riot mask that has grime all over it.  Almost useless.If there's one thing you have to get right in a zombie game, it's the headshots.  Unfortunately, the hitboxes are unreliable.  Much of the time you'll shoot right where your gun is pointing.  Sometimes you'll score a surprising headshot.  But then there are those times when you are DEAD CERTAIN you scored a headshot, but you missed the quirky hitbox.  This is completely unforgivable in a game that specifically limits the ammo it gives you.Melee is a joke.  There are multiple melee weapons in the game.  As far as I could tell, you cannot score a headshot with them, and they all do exactly the same damage - 3 swipes per zombie.  Since the zombie animations aren't terribly well synced with the damage, they'll frequently get you when you know they shouldn't have, and vice versa.In a mode that was basically Call of Duty boards-on-windows, one vending machine spews weapons at slow intervals when you hit the buttons, one spews ammo fairly regularly - almost always for guns you don't have.  It was almost fun.I never did get around to playing on servers with other people.  You can solo, technically.  You'll sometimes require bolt cutters or fire-extinguishers to proceed, and since the game is ""realistic"", you'll wind up backtracking in a game with no map.I tried the other map, and at one juncture I emptied 8 or 9 shots into a zombie at POINT BLANK RANGE, and hit nothing but air.  That was it for me.  I have better games to play with friends, and so do you."
76561198019464684,Not Recommended,238430,11902514,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,mrfester,did not like it. clunky. no players for multy. not worth downloading even if it was FREE!
76561198001177686,Not Recommended,238430,12001657,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Devious Spud,"I found this game to be a let down, got boring quickly, graphics are bland. Not many maps, players only look after themselves, do not give out ammo. I wont be going back to this unless the devs make gameplay better. Luckily I got this on sale but still disappointed. 4/10"
,Not Recommended,238430,14339910,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Snowz,I  just can't recommend this gameIt does look nice tho
76561198093935648,Not Recommended,238430,16452236,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,O.J Simpson,The game starts up and runs really well. The only problem is once I get into a game I can't do anything but open up the pause menu or talk.
,Not Recommended,238430,19578363,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,PepsiJackson,ehh...its the same thing as the f2p version but noone plays this
,Recommended,238430,10117125,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,OneBiTTerBit,"A real alternative to Left4Dead2, for those looking for an fps a bit 'more reasoned and calm here find bread for his teeth.Not many maps but those present are well made and will keep you glued to the screen, a few bullets to use in an intelligent manner.The zombies behave in a realistic way, if you use a shotgun zombies crawl on the legs, the head will die if you shoot, if you shoot to the body wasting precious bullets.If you will attract their attention with a gunshot will head towards you en masse, if you attack them with a hammer in silence will not notice you.Simply but intriguing puzzles, Do not be fooled by appearances, try it, really well done."
76561198044917795,Not Recommended,238430,10247471,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Pale Caesar,"Concept and idea is fun, but for even $20, most of the game feels unfinished. Since it's official release in October, they've only added one additional escape campaign, and it's a castle defense level. I feel it'll ultimately come down to the SDKers to add to the game and thus make it worth the $20 price tag. As of right now, it's just a slight graphical upgrade of No More Room In Hell, but that game does everything better and is available for free.If the amount of content increases, I'll reverse this review. Until then, just play NMRiH.(10/27/2014 Update)Game still sucks. Spawns human zombies in areas they can't escape, or at the starting point behind an invisible wall, ripe for the headshot from any human player who is familiar with this glitch. It's sad when you're deliberately killing yourself to make the game fun, and even more sad when this is taken away by godawful game glitches.Best part about the game is the voice dialogue - it's awful - REALLY awful, and that's what makes it entertaining. Otherwise, the same levels get old quick, and constant gamebreaking glitches and lag fueled online leave one wondering why they wasted their money on this.(6/26/2017 Update)Game is virtually dead online. Just a few European servers with trolls or new people who aren't really interested in playing it beyond an hour or two. This game is very difficult to play and win alone, so these two aspects have effectively resulted in a wasteful purchase should you choose to buy this game."
,Not Recommended,238430,10639857,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Sploogy,Zombies seem meaningless against survivors. Melee is terrible. DO. NOT. BUY.
,Not Recommended,238430,10660586,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Mags Templi,"I paid $5 and I still have a huge case of buyer's remorse. This is the worst game I've ever bought on Steam.If it was still in early release I might say it had potential, but for a final release it is far too buggy. Zombies climb over thin air, shots don't go where you aim them, zombies teleport a foot to the side when you're shooting at them.The normal difficulty setting is way too hard. Fire one shot and it's over: an L4D-size horde is on its way, and you don't have the ammo to kill them all.Worst of all, the game is really, really boring. Until you encounter the horde you'll be spending your time walking around. Slowly.Unless your idea of a good time is taking an incredibly tedious stroll and then dying, spend your money on something else."
,Not Recommended,238430,10683857,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Drunken_Doc,"This game feels empty, and that's not a good thing."
,Not Recommended,238430,10770121,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Beckster,"this game is crap. I have a great computer, but i have to dumb down the graphics to get this game to not lag. There are no clear objectives and it's just not fun."
,Not Recommended,238430,10790057,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Vintagefire259,I should have read other reviews and looked at the tags. I thought it would be single player and multiplayer my mistake its only multiplayer but I know most co op games must have team work or you all die plus its hard enought to get a good team when you cant find a damn server on easy or normal! Not one normal or easy server some people want to know why join a easy server. I join so I find out what to do and how to play without it being♥♥♥♥♥♥hard and getting called a noob and then join a normal difficulty server so I can get much more of a challange and play with people that have better xp with the game and help me polish my skills. But in the end I picked any It just may be me but it felt choppy for a source game and the AI wasent really bright even when I got then to follow me with a zombie roar. After playing the round and then exited the game to write the rest of this review I opened the window back up but when I opened the game it black screened and had to close it with task manager all in all I agree with other reviews and what they said. The only reason I bought the game was because it was on sale I think this game cost to much with only co-op but other people think I could be wrong but this review is just my option.
,Not Recommended,238430,10806984,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Dozer,"Contagion - overpriced, buggy, and little replay valuePros:* graphics are good and are well optimized* being on the source engine & steam workshop support allows for modsCons:* zombie ai is terrible to say the least. Zombies will freeze (not even from lag) on objects and not move. Other times zombies have gotten close enough to you to attack but then just freeze and not move.* there are barely any servers and joining a game mode from the default ""find game"" menu has never worked for me* BALANCE - zombies will almost always win, even if the survivors outnumber the zombies. I get that it's meant to be a ""realistic"" game but you should not die from a couple of hits from a zombie irl. If your neighbor turned into a zombie and attacked you a few punches and bites (except to some areas) would not kill you.* realism - again, this game tries to be realistic but fails miserably. Shots to the main body do almost no damage while headshots do exponential damage; only one headshot is needed to kill a zombie, from any weapon. For example, a shotgun blast to the stomach doesn't even phase a zombie but a glock bullet to the head will kill it. A lack of weapon variety is also unrealistic with only ~20 weapons in the game.* content - with only ~20 weapons, most of which are uninspired, almost cookie cutter, melee weapons, and only a few maps, most of which are reused for multiple uninspired, boring game modes, this game is not worth $20* replayibility - again, there are only a few game modes, most of which get tedious fast and are unbalanced. The extraction game mode, for example, has you running around to multiple houses trying to save survivors. However, the game mode is extremely unbalanced due to the game mechanics themselves being unbalanced and unrealistic. I have never seen humans win the round ever, even on ""easy"" mode."
,Recommended,238430,11128613,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Buggajayjay,"[Insert Funny Statement here]Nah, but really, it's a fun game."
76561198072679880,Recommended,238430,18512767,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,1979rhino,Cool zombie game
76561198018615977,Recommended,238430,8622534,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Degris Abernathy,This is an awful game and devs left it to die
,Recommended,238430,8320598,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Chiots,best zombie yardsale simulator 2011
76561198030527671,Not Recommended,238430,9897170,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,Venren,"Although I know it's in Beta, compared to the youtube videos, it excells in having a great gameplay mechanic and weapon effect/physics ( The bullets hit heads noiiice) However it is, to say the least. FRIGGIN BORING, boring, boring, boring. Not really much feel in multiplayer or singleplayer. Like a nice looking, well made cake that tastes like sh!t. Servers don't really have much of a population and most people will rather run around willy nilly to complete objectives than actually do any co-op. Compared to HL2 mods like No More Room In Hell, this game just lacks that addictive quality that is set into most multiplayer games. PLEASE GAME I WILL SACRIFICE BABIES IF YOU ACTUALLY BECOME INTERESTING AND FUN CO-OP GAME."
,Not Recommended,238430,10690579,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,midnite1717,"Tried a few matches with the auto matchmaker. Every one put me in what I can only assume is the original starting point, and no one in the matches would speak up. also, half the zombies were stretched out like a bad resizing in MS paint. glad it was only  $5, I may go back and play this in a year or so."
76561198085464975,Not Recommended,238430,10749175,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,hohahehaha,game just sucks♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,238430,10813566,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Deathtopong,"yet another source mod zombie game someone is trying to charge money for, only get it if you're into such things."
,Recommended,238430,12707584,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,2much2handel,This is a great game but you should have a good computer otherwise the game looks ugly. But otherwise a well rounded very pretty game.
76561198021181507,Recommended,238430,13151015,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,TheFantasticFlyingTaco,HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥THERE ARE ZOMBIES FALLING FROM THE VENTS. 10/10
76561198093818222,Not Recommended,238430,17252913,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,ICriEvriTim,Meh....
76561198150179933,Recommended,238430,20841500,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,badboy97,Itz kinda a well done job game if there will be new map probably every few months to keep the server busy and active.
,Recommended,238430,9955373,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,IAMWOLF,Only good when you play with good people and friends that have this game
,Not Recommended,238430,10813204,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Octavarium,"Absolutely awful. The procedurally-generated levels are confusing to run about, and the controls are horrible. I don't know why anyone would play this when you could play a game like L4D.I'm sorry, it's just bad."
,Not Recommended,238430,33013293,Posted: 29 June,all,Zeloff,4/10
76561198123461990,Recommended,238430,30762602,Posted: 26 March,all,Lord Kumquat The Impoverished,"Death is an extremely complex theme, with a lot of meanings depending on your cultural background. But in Contagion, it becomes almost meaningless, and given that its objective is to loyally represent the memory of zombies, I'd say mission very well accomplished."
76561198119470330,Recommended,238430,25553469,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,FunfettiConfetti,It is vary very Good.
76561198194852058,Recommended,238430,21844018,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,It's Daago!,not trying to be rude but i think you should lower the price a bit
,Recommended,238430,13452248,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Chu4Lyfe,"its like any other zombie game ya big dinkleberry, ya shoot zombies and♥♥♥♥♥♥ +mods cuz PC."
76561198118749426,Not Recommended,238430,17204884,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Phobic_Gull,You almost always play as a zombie and never get to be human.
,Not Recommended,238430,20924980,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Vairfoley,"Unfortunetely, this game is pretty much dead. The concept was amazing and I bought a 4 pack of it on sale a while ago to play with friends but it wasn't as exciting as advertised. Whenever I do play it, there aren't many people at all. The game is also very slow paced and repetitive and sometimes frusterating.Buy a different multiplayer zombie survival shooter like Left 4 Dead or something."
,Not Recommended,238430,17162355,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Rhyme'nocerous,one of the most boring games i have ever played
76561197965074601,Not Recommended,238430,9193750,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,UNDERHILL,"Imagine an updated Zombie Master (you played that one, right? remember the Winchester level?) has developed a mutagenic virus and injected it into a really bad RPG and you've got CONTAGION.Though there are several map modes none of them really contain any new ideas. There are also only a very small handful of maps. One map mode has you running around looking for clues to get through the level which sounds fun and would smack of left4dead if your companions had any reason whatsoever to want to have you around. Anyone who knows the level already can more or less just ignore everyone else and complete all the objectives leaving new players to wonder how the game is actually played without huge amounts of trial and error or reading guides. It does not teach itself well and the targets can be very obscure.That the map system consists of a PDA showing very little information does not help to soften the ""alone in a crowd"" feeling when the team has already completed several objectives and you spawn at the start wondering where to go or being blocked off from the team by crowds of zombies. Your entry to the level is hardly ever soft.The choice of key mappings also leaves much to be desired. It is very easy to accidentally drop your weapon if you are used to the controls from other common games. Add to this the fact that targeting and picking up or interacting with things requires the utmost precision and you've got one hell of a headache.Contagion has an interesting concept - which was already very successfully done by left4dead - and adds nothing new to the genre. It could easily be said that it goes back a few steps. This has the feeling and polish level of one of those FPS mods that sits in small-team development-hell for years with almost nothing getting done on it.The graphics are indeed quite passable. The Christmas/snow level has quite a nice feel to it reminiscent of neighborhood charm of several of the similar half-life community maps from long ago.Again, nothing new.4/10."
,Recommended,238430,17884255,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,PuffTart,LOve to play this game
,Recommended,238430,11901818,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Lochsein,This is nice sandbox zombie game got cod feel to it but the pvp maks it much better
76561198146795688,Recommended,238430,13626617,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Ginger21,REally good trust me
76561198010055271,Recommended,238430,13633392,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,titan264,This game i will spend hours on just for fun. The only thing that would help is for more ui controller interface but everthing else is great.
,Recommended,238430,13633416,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Cr¡kosin,This game reminds me of Zombie Panic. It's a fun and very sophisticated at times. Very amusing game. Again I recommend playing with about 7 or 8 players just so you'll get the fun out of it.
76561198152763085,Recommended,238430,13639515,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Julle Naaiers,This game gets the feel a zombie game should have right.It also gets how a co op game should feel right.The bullets you are holding onto that are surplus to your requirements are better in the head of a zombie via your team mates gun than being surplus in your inventory. after all its in your interest to keep your team mates alive as every player dead is an extra super zombie out to get you. however you do  get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥who play for themselves within some of the multiplayer games but at least the ability to hunt them down as a zombie after you die adds a some element of compensation for this.
,Recommended,238430,13653794,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,”-CoCo(☠)NuT-”,THE BEST SURVIVAL GAME!!!!
,Recommended,238430,13730562,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,SmallKitty,♥♥♥♥ you ethan pierce
76561198076036126,Recommended,238430,13777576,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Zatten,Ever want to direct a zombie horde? Yell at your friends for not being as resourceful as you at finding items? Or perhaps even leave your allies for dead in an overrun police department? Then Contagion is just for you! :D
,Recommended,238430,13635184,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,HeatXfeR,"Dang this is scary, I can't play it by myself."
,Recommended,238430,13640725,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,[DFD] Steel Thunder,"Left 4 Dead, as done by Romero."
,Recommended,238430,13641787,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,RedAlert,"Extremely hard. Its almost realistic with left 4 dead 2 and Day Z combine together. Its really fun. Not fun when idiots start shooting you. However, you will need to play as a team to survive or else you will die alone. I haven't beat any of the levels yet due to lack of team work and level difficulty. But this game is really fun. One of the best zombie games ever created besides L4D and DayZ"
,Recommended,238430,13631278,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Pakman93,is dank
76561198047742624,Recommended,238430,13784076,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,RipHerClit,Pretty awesome i must say :3
,Recommended,238430,9966397,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,Beerad,Have not had this much fun playing co-op with mates in a long long time. Playing 4-up on hard difficulty was a huge challenge which took us the better part of a day to finish. Much replayability. Leaves L4D way behind.Highly recommended. 10/10
,Recommended,238430,9970197,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,FUCKING. EMBARRASSING.,"Pretty great game. For 20 bucks I think its worth it. Contagion is now finished and out of beta. I got it when it first showed up on steam and played it a little bit then droped it till it was finished. Contagion is a pretty creepy as ♥♥♥♥ game. I mean the PVP is pretty scary you never know if a zombie or player is going to show up and the rest of the modes you have to work as a team. Even then when you have the company of others, dead humans turn into zombies and they can screw with you. Sorry if this isnt really a great detailed review. Just giving a quick opinion after playing the full game.Long story short. If you got the money and are looking for the next best L4D style game. Get this one."
76561198131564427,Recommended,238430,9965150,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,tdelamora1996,A hell of a lot more stable than day z and is actually making progress!
76561197984164756,Recommended,238430,9965920,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,Papa6,"This game is a polished and finished game. It has come a VERY loooong way since the early release days when I tested this game. The majoy difference between this game and ""other"" zombie titles is that the premise is to promote stealth rather than a run and gun style of play.This game is smoothe and well thought out and the new maps are a great addition. I hope they continue to create maps or user created community maps."
,Recommended,238430,9971297,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Kenamo,"Realistic, fun, scary, and up to 8 players multiplayer. Already has tons of maps and it can only go uphill from there, highly recommended. Also headshots only really drives in the terror of the zombie menace."
,Recommended,238430,9971830,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Mineiro,"(+) This 1 will boom this year. The concept of this game is exceptional. This is a must for guys that love realistic games, like me. Ammo is scarce, zombies behave like they should and the scenarios are spectacular! If they had a big name behind the scene, this game would be one of the most played online in the world. The potential in this game is enormous in my opinion!(-) Since it was a F2P game, it still has many improvements to be made regarding bugs and perfection of AI behaviour. It can be a little annoying sometimes, where you spend 1 hour trying to finish the game mode and you can't because AI doesn't behave like it should."
,Not Recommended,238430,7528640,"Posted: 31 October, 2013",all,Guardian_Angel,It's just meh... game is dead as of right now.
76561198075657540,Recommended,238430,10096817,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,CursedHonor,Absolutely brilliant and a great co op game for you and some buds to have some great laughs and screams of terror! The only thing I can say bad about this game is they do not have enough maps or player population honestly.
,Recommended,238430,18825916,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,JTM,Fun zombie game but i need to find ammo all the time in escape mode.Where is my goddamn ammo!?7/10
,Recommended,238430,34096963,Posted: 7 August,all,♕♠ The Vengeful One ♠♕,Pretty good game
76561198101668152,Recommended,238430,33802486,Posted: 25 July,all,IwalkerI,"the was shity 4 years ago when i buy it, today my friend told me why the ♥♥♥♥ we never play these game, i told him i dont remember it clearly cz it was kind of bad?i just have small flashbacks of the game xd i dont remember alot exept that it was bad?¿"
,Recommended,238430,34344328,Posted: 19 August,all,Twisty,"Too Many People, Not Enough Zombies"
76561198031359058,Not Recommended,238430,12738515,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Lyt.Ivans Zhukov,I feel like I am playing some pirated game where by i need to use tunngle or hamachi and stuff like that.  I just want to play with my friend and I just cant connect it.  I thought it is common to have some easy / user friendly option to play with friends but instead I need to go to router and port forward here and there wasting my time to configure the router. This game only good for solo player and if you want to join some random players only.
,Not Recommended,238430,8230825,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Ry Ry,75% off a game that is early access. Stupid.Guess that means im not the only one who stopped playing very quicky.Dont buy. Doubt anyone is online. Play No More Room in Hell. its free. And better.
,Recommended,238430,13024772,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,[MAG] Hoffy,"If you think you will survive the zombie apocalypse, play this game and then have another go"
76561197972465995,Not Recommended,238430,8326178,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,RZ,ew
,Not Recommended,238430,7836365,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Not so cheeki anymore..,"Graphics - 2.5 / 5Graphics looks clean and nice, however with such an outdated engine,the world just doesn't come alive.And when it comes to a game of this genre, the world has to come alive.Gameplay - 2 / 5The gameplay is stale and slow, the smartphone was a nice touch..But it just replaces regular GUI with something more annoying.I give the game a  2.2 out of 5.The concept is nice, but it just doesn't feel quite right.It's too large for the amount of players in the world,it's confusing as hell, the shooting is inaccurate and feels bad.Kind of nice too see more games of this genre..But this needs a lot of work done before it's any good.Right now, it feels like a bad mod running on the Source engine.Had I played this back in 2004, when Half-Life 2 came outalong with the Source Engine, then I may have been impressed.I wouldn't say that it was a complete waste though.Since I got it for 3.5€.. And I got an hour of decent gameplay out of it."
,Recommended,238430,12823951,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,a greasy italian,"One time I took a sh*t on the floor. I played with the mound of my own feces for three hours. I then realized it was not at all brown substance that came out of my♥♥♥♥♥♥ it was a vanilla ice cream fountain. That's when I got bored and wiped the blood off my eyes to go play some Contagion. A good game, bye the way.10/10"
76561198116549529,Not Recommended,238430,23659996,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Tay-K47,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ devs
,Not Recommended,238430,9002693,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Harmless Shrubbery,"I hate myself for buying this game, save yourself the trouble and just get No More Room in Hell or wait till this game sorts out."
76561197988509871,Not Recommended,238430,8349957,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,poomanchu,"My first impressions aren't great.  I've found the movement jerky, the leaning-while-strafing annoying, the hit-recognition terrible, and the ""find-the-mission-item-to-proceed"" and general inventory implementation a bit frustrating.It seems like the movement was coded to represent someone constantly out-of-breath, always struggling to take the next step.  It's almost like the character is shuffling like a zombie from the get-go.  Running just makes the effect even more pronounced.  Also, when you strafe left or right, the game adds a leaning effect to your movement.  Maybe it's an attempt to progress the state of game movement, but instead, it just feels awkward.  I would guess that most users expect left/right to act the same as forward/backward as far as camera-bob is concerned.  In this case, the leaning seems to add a touch of lag to left/right movement.  Why couldn't they just add additional buttons to provide the ability lean left/right rather than mix it with the default strafing buttons?In the most recent patch, it's stated that hit-box computations were tweaked, but I found myself missing at point-blank range all of the time.  Multiple times, I found myself emptying an entire clip into a zombies face with zero effect, only to take damage once the clip was empty.My complaint with the mission item revolves around the first 'find-the-key' objective.  The devs stated that they simplified the act of finding the key, but I still wasted a half-hour of no zombie-killing doing laps trying to find the elusive key.  After 6 laps around the open parts of the level, I was bored, totally removed from the action, assuming that the item just didn't exist.  I finally looked it up in the Steam community threads to get a slight hint about it being at eye-level hanging from some sort of rack.  When a game totally removes you from the action to find an item, I would consider it poor quest implementation.My last complaint is about inventory.  Reading through the community discussions, my complaint certainly isn't unique.  I mean, really?!?!  You have to discard one of your four weapons to hold a single key?!?!  Does a key really weigh as much as a shotgun or assault rifle?  In no reasonable way should I have to throw a gun on the floor to carry a single key across a level.  Additionally, it's recommended to keep the key to try on different doors, so I feel forced to continually waste 1 of the 4 item slots on said single key *just in case* there's a second door somewhere that could possible be unlocked by it.Maybe I'll try the game when it's no longer in 'Early Access' and provide a different view of the game.  Until then, I cannot recommend this game to the causual gamer thinking that this game is in an entertaining, playable form."
76561198004488519,Not Recommended,238430,9830445,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,AdamWest420,"DO NOT BUY! Waste of money""Full Game"" might as well still be alpha. I've had more fun on cell phone games. I HAD high hopes when it was alpha, but all they've done is add more graphic options which are NOT even impressive to begin with, Add 1 extra map for Extraction And 1 Map for Escape. Both of these maps have been added to ""Hunt"" mode. A crappy PVP mode that sucks utter balls"
,Not Recommended,238430,11932466,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,ᅚ Psychofanatic ᅚ,"a♥♥♥♥♥♥game for real a lost of 20 euro,s and will be still a lost for 4,74 euro,s discount i say do not buy this Why ? lagg buggs and major ♥♥♥♥♥♥ gameplay ! for real !"
,Not Recommended,238430,7851320,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Steven,"no coop it seems as of right now with way this game has been created so far I am guessing that this  game will not have any kind of user freindly interface or game lobby for creating mutiplayer games and playing with freinds.At least right now it does not have any such feature, if you where fine with quake and dos command line interface and using third party software to fake a LAN exprince across the internet then i guess this game is every thing you could want but most people in 2013 wont be up to that or even want to do that, but if they put the time into a firendly User interface and lobby screen and automatic server creation setup that works well with the steam interface for friends to join by invite which as stated right now game does not have abilty, but if it did then game would be pretty decent.""it is not port issue me and my freinds have pass alls for our ports and firewalls turned off.it just seems not to work no option for it when you start a new game."" for some reason every one thinks it is always a portting issue or firewall issue."
,Not Recommended,238430,9147819,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Stromboli.Eater.2004,baby/100 would sell on ebay
76561197965288163,Not Recommended,238430,10185738,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,BigScotia,"I would  not recommend Contagion in its current state, and for those expecting similar to the original ZPS look elsewhere. Contagion gets boring very quickly, it is unbalanced and most of your time is spent wandering from one point of the map to the next to open a door, collect a blue keycard etc etc. Wait for a more substantial update or for the developers to focus their offering more."
,Not Recommended,238430,9539251,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Yozakura,"Really disappointed maybe b'cause it's early access game and there's no server in my country or neighboring countriesimportant thing there a few ppl playing this game.These are my opinions in current state of the gameMultiplayer - 3/10 A few player, a lot of official servers but 90% of them are in US n UKGameplay - 6/10 Running, shooting, zombie behavior are good but melee atk is awful, zombies spawn very close to player. you will not survive or play some map if you play solo cuz this game supposed to play multiplayerSound - 7/10 Nice shooting sounds, but also missing a lot of soundsUI - 5/10 Does not look good at allBuy this game now is not worth the price $14.99 Anyway, this game is early access game, hope when the game leaves early access it would be better than this"
76561198090315978,Not Recommended,238430,8119309,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Special Brandenburg Div,"The game is Alright,if you got some friends to mess around with. The game isn't about who you can or cannot trust durning any mission,it's more about Death Match and Coop. You can select either one but cannot do both at same time. Game Doesn't fully out of beta by far i think. Best wait to see it first out of beta till now. Worth more then 5$ Or 5£."
,Recommended,238430,23933000,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Gig(MrAppleGuy),"Don't read negatives comments, they can be wrong. Community is not dead and i love this game 9/10I keep continue playing this until my death arrives."
76561198042530282,Not Recommended,238430,23658171,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,ͩͣͩ,­
76561198031966444,Not Recommended,238430,9283168,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,malix | hellcase.com,To hell with this game. I hate it and I regret i bought it... at least i hated it until the last update arrived
,Recommended,238430,8299578,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,R|c|G SlendySloth,"If this game was a potato, it would be a good potato"
,Not Recommended,238430,11425845,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Envro,Contagion was an alright game. It wasn't all that though. I expected much more for my money.Rating: 3.5/10
76561198133615031,Not Recommended,238430,12568283,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Officer Weed,cant open
,Not Recommended,238430,18781596,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Roxy,This game can blow my♥♥♥♥♥###########################
,Not Recommended,238430,9881899,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,This is War 88,"there is just not enough content to pay £14.99 for 2 levels on 2 game modes and 4 levels on the other 2 game modes. It's not enough in my opinion. The game looks great, plays great, has a great feel to it but the content is a major let down. I really hope there going to add more levels and not charge for them!!."
,Recommended,238430,7848125,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Digwiid,it's k
76561198020144608,Not Recommended,238430,11879748,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Clark Kent,Avoid this game.
76561198073854865,Recommended,238430,12977101,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,PizzazzyPotato,the sombies mak me cri every tim
,Recommended,238430,11901925,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,KoolSpookyKid,Amazing remake of Zombie Panic and No More Room in Hell combined
76561198109475181,Not Recommended,238430,25203004,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Stupid Retard,"Extremely Over Sensitive People play this game. They cry and cry some more when you accidentally shot someone in the face, then they go to an Admin and try to get blocked from the forums which in its self is EXTREMELY laughable. Then realising that nothing can be done they post a thread about you online XD"
,Not Recommended,238430,10303876,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Barry Scott,"Absolutely broken ... Gay spots galore (Ladder Blocking) grabbing doesn't work half the time as a zombie , just play ZP:S it's free and actually works..."
76561197960452060,Recommended,238430,25747691,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Chad,Really underated game its amaze
76561197991416093,Not Recommended,238430,7876227,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,GrimGravy,"I would not recommend this game as it currently is, not enough game types and also they need to better balance player vs undead player. Constantly getting one hit killed gets old."
,Not Recommended,238430,9827555,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Honeysparkles999™,it the wost game i ever had i want to say that u guy put no work into the game u could of found a better engan for the gmae and the mella is treable guns r off and it allredy bin hack
,Recommended,238430,12959350,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Kermit the Frog csgolive.com,great adaptation of zombie panic source and loads of fun with friends.
76561197962660651,Not Recommended,238430,8943426,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Kurylo3D,This one is boring as♥♥♥♥♥♥ I wanted to like it... i really did. But your left in most levels running around looking for someone for 15 min only to get plucked with 1 shot. Lots of bugs. Definently not really playable yet. Lots of spawning zombie players in places human players havent even gained access too yet... so your left waiting behind a locked door for another 15 min because u cant open it.. only they can.Zombie panic Source is way more entertaining. This game also has lag for unecessary reasons. A game running on the hl2 engine with a computer that runs a core i 7 and a gtx 260 should never lag.. Highly unoptimized.. and it basically puts you to sleep.Heres hoping they improve.
,Not Recommended,238430,9541293,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,retuRN,Total garbage.  Do not make my mistakes.
76561198096926751,Not Recommended,238430,9683621,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,...,noooooooooooooooooo  big nooooo   graphic are worse and  ammo are limited  maybe in a future but not rite now or uner 10 $
76561198092587996,Not Recommended,238430,9828534,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,ImbahGuambah,This game is♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,238430,11556984,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,oj da juiceman,"Do not buy it, the game is so unfinished you can SEE the bugs and not only that but splitscreen sucks its poor use of the source engine."
76561198068521024,Not Recommended,238430,12028109,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,308,"Worst zombie game I've ever player, don't wast your cash!"
76561197995406812,Recommended,238430,13893898,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Yeti,"Прекрасный образчик обалденного великолепия в чудесных способах продвижения Steam Trading Cards.Однозначно плюс!Единственный недостаток, это то что музыка очень громко играет в свернутом режиме."
76561198040833301,Not Recommended,238430,9829112,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,volmat,"Outdated, clunky L4D clone."
,Not Recommended,238430,9829404,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,madvillian,Not good. Don't buy it. Those are a few things I say about this game. The gameplay is sooooo repetitive. Now I played this game before they raised the price so it may have gotten better but if it hasn't please dear god don't buy it. 3/10 stupid
,Not Recommended,238430,14034160,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Amaranthus,The first game I ever apologized for gifting to friends.
76561198134086526,Recommended,238430,22871378,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,inbred dog,"great game.when i first got the game i had very low expectations of how fun this game would be, once my hour download was done i got onto the game and played in a privet mode, just to figure out the conrtols, and was really confused on my objective but the later it got into the game the more i likede it. my expectations where that is was going to be like day z or h1z1 but to my suprise it wasent like those games which can be a bad thig but a good thing too. in the game it is a little to easy to find good weapons and ammo is everywhere, they should change it to where ammo is a little harder to find, another thing that was kind of upseeting was that you cant look inside droors or in cabnets which isnt a big deal but to me i like little detail.last thing id like to say is that i like how they have more then just one game mode, they arnt the first to do it but its still creativeall in all this is a really good game and i deffinitly recamend it to anyone who likes stand alone multiplayer or objective mssions."
,Not Recommended,238430,9791750,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Karras,The game is fun on *** LAN ***. The hoops you need to jump through to simply play multiplayer with a friend are ridiculous.
76561198057157396,Recommended,238430,13157441,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Tbrens,Best game ever madeSo funWant a second game plus alittle more content and it will be a 10/109/10Reciever should be upset
,Not Recommended,238430,11916486,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Jackagate,"This game isn't good. It really isn't. I'm sick of all the praise this game is getting within the Steam community. Is it a bad game? Eh... Not really. The graphics are... Fine, although I feel like I get worse frames than what I should though, but obviously every game needs gameplay, and this game has nothing to it. There are a few maps, all of which are very linear and small and very few weapons. But looking past that, there still isn't much hope, there are some gamemodes, all of which are co-op execpt for that ONE PvP gamemode that the community for some reason sticks to, if you wan't to have a nice co-op zombie experience be prepared to get thrown into a 15 player FFA in which your enemeys are all DayZ Sqeaker bandits. And that PvP gamemode isn't even good. The maps are SO small that if there are over around 7 people in a server (which there will be) the maps are so crowded that you'll get shot as soon as you spawn. There is no skill in that, of the however many spawn points 1/2 of them are basically death sentences, the other ones will allow you the chance to win, finding a gun is the same way, honestly, the should've had scripted gun spawns. So that one god-sent M4 would spawn in the center of the map and everyone had a chance to get it, but no, it'll randomly spawn in front of someone and guess who wins that round. The Zombies really serve no purpose, either way the only time someone wins is when the last 2 people kill each other, the zombies are very slow and are a 1 hit kill to head everytime, which is fine, but, they just don't pose any threat. And when you become a zombie, you're still the same slow♥♥♥♥♥weak zombie. All around this is a very generic FPS zombie game with a pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥multiplayer, this is nothing new, nothing inovative, or anything that's fun."
,Not Recommended,238430,14456825,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Nostromo,Kinda sucks
,Recommended,238430,18423637,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,DaYoLoMaster801,Duck Hunting Simulator 2015
,Not Recommended,238430,19285677,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,They Call Me Dirty Dave,"Well this game was not to bad when it frist came out, Developer who has seen plenty of comments regarding his inability to take constructive criticism. You can see yourself in on the other negative comments. He has even replied to them and you can see his ignorance and arrogance. Please read before purchasing.BTW this game is also dead so save your money."
,Not Recommended,238430,12835725,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,DangerMcFee,I Dont trust this game whats so ever I have not given any of my personel information. I bought Contagion for $20.36 and now every week Im losing $20.00. Im not sure if this game can be trusted because steam is ripping me off.
,Not Recommended,238430,13427689,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Mr.Stucatz:,"Killing floor is way ♥♥♥♥ing better, Wayyy better!"
,Not Recommended,238430,18779266,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,☘☘ travellerTTT 🇮🇪🇮🇪,dead as a doorknob
,Recommended,238430,13639487,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,ok,the letter q
,Recommended,238430,10077862,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Buzzsaw,After Left 4 Dead... one of the best zombie survival/coop game ;P
,Recommended,238430,8447035,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Private Ryan,Absolutley amazing game! 8.9/10
76561198091073939,Not Recommended,238430,7863795,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,SoLLUMINATI,"Why would i recommend such a game?Every time i try to join a game,the loading screen will stop at about before the end,telling me that Contagion has stoped running.I haven't even played the game for just a second.I want my money back NOW."
,Recommended,238430,19043797,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Steven Johnson,"To those who get upset about having to get headshots, I say: ""Then dont suck."". But seriously, if im surounded, i hate that if i dont get a 360 noscope, its a waste. Its very fun and the graphics are nice. Zombies sounds so funny too. One other thing I hate is that the maps arent HUGE so i dont see why not every building can be entered. Other than those, it is awesome and you need to buy it, now."
,Not Recommended,238430,29407594,Posted: 21 January,all,slippy 🐸,i cant play the game its bad dont buy this game at all
76561198038994471,Not Recommended,238430,11336993,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,giftedfox,"Even though I put down no on recommend I think it is a bit on the middle side.I thought that this game would be alright even with a lot of the bad reviews however I was a bit wrong here. I found out that this game cannot be solod played and you have to find other people to play with you. I thought the game had choices to be solod or not however this doesn't seem to be the case.So when I have join the very limited servers that are on and found the team had a few people trying to kill each other and then got disconnected because my ping was 12 points higher then the cap so it booted me.From what I can see with my limited play time is this is a run and shoot kind of game. Sure you can fort a location but waiting around hiding forever is boring, the real game play is running around and shooting zombies. I will suggestion L4D then this because at least with that game you can play it alone with AI's if you want."
76561198007269307,Recommended,238430,13755697,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,[SHD]SteelWarrior,"A great zombie co-op game for a good price.  Nothing mind blowing or super innovating, just solid, enjoyable team work driven game play for a value price.  Would recommend if you and your freinds want to shoot zombie faces off for a few hours."
76561197988789541,Not Recommended,238430,16006950,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,CrazyCanadian,"........well.......... sigh...... i really regret buying this... it was on sale but i still feel i wasted my money. it was such a sad experience i cant even bother to turn it on again to try it. Noone on, just ran around without seeing anyone. it was a pointless experience. Dont buy it.I just wish refunds existed when i got this."
76561198030741785,Recommended,238430,8247939,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,SouthofHeaven,I really enjoy this game and it is early access. There will be even more to enjoy in the future. Buy now!
76561198096872667,Not Recommended,238430,25579185,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,catbedroomcash,"Seriously this is the biggest piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥to ever call itself a game. When it's not crashing it allows you to simulate a zombie, which I assume is slogging through very thick mud based on the rediculously slow movement speed, or a survivor, who has about two bullets a melee swing as slow as the afforementioned zombies and no idea what to do. The looking at the phone idea is cute, but executed worse than the death of Joseph R. Wood(look it up). The lack of a tutorial or any form of guidance is both disheartening and insulting. You're supposed to be a trusted source for quality games Steam, you offend us and make a joke of yourselves by selling crap like this. SHAME ON YOU. Make demos mandatory so we can avoid buying this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Now if you will excuse me I have to go unsuccessfully try to get a refund for this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. SHAME ON YOU STEAM."
,Recommended,238430,9820112,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Dr. Ricky,fun
76561198000072721,Recommended,238430,7827809,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Executor Zealous,ZAMBIES AND THEY DIE good
,Not Recommended,238430,8318517,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Varietis,"This game is a letdown. I thought I would give it a try for $3. It is pretty much Left 4 Dead but not as good, the ""storyline"" is not very straightforward, you get stuck a lot for like 30 minutes because you don't know where to go or what to do. I will keep playing it and see if it gets better, but I doubt it will."
,Not Recommended,238430,8318512,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Varietis,"This game is a letdown. I thought I would give it a try for $3. It is pretty much Left 4 Dead but not as good, the ""storyline"" is not very straightforward, you get stuck a lot for like 30 minutes because you don't know where to go or what to do. I will keep playing it and see if it gets better, but I doubt it will."
,Not Recommended,238430,8427249,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Alessio-san,"The game is still in Beta (Early Access).However, the game did not achieve to suprise me with an outstanding story, nor with a nice gameplay. The controls feels kind of slow and the game takes some time to get familiar with. Hopefully the makers will fullfill this criticism into something better."
,Not Recommended,238430,8625867,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Purple nurple,I WANT MY MONEY BACK
,Not Recommended,238430,9630611,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,RemnantsPast,I can run Planetside 2 in massive battles at 30-40 fpsI can run Total War 30+ fpsSkyrim with hd texture mods and enb's at 50+ fpsand many many more games. But for some reason I cannot get more than 3 fps in contagion. Which to me makes no sense as its made by a indie dev and not a big corparation with 1000s of $ to throw into graphics design.So besides that i cannot comment on the gameplay.
76561197971136410,Not Recommended,238430,8756357,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,nerobianco,do not even think to buy it!
,Recommended,238430,7837323,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,GreyRogue,Good early access zombie game. Headshots are a must just like on the movies. No imersion breaking super zombies or any junk like that.
,Recommended,238430,13159947,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,D-TEAM| thomas is SOLDIER (DTH),"I like this game, it is scary, existing and teamwork is the key to victory. That said its not perfect, and still have some bugs.."
,Recommended,238430,7829043,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,infowars,This game kicks♥♥♥♥♥
76561198088315165,Not Recommended,238430,10099049,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Adlof Hitler,this game sucks....
,Not Recommended,238430,11698811,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Blue Minotaur,"Contagion is another one of those games where they lack too much on whats more important. More art then actual game design. Controls are not well designed, You get stuck on random Items on the gorund, And jumping is more like a bunnyhop. It drives me crazy when I can't control my character. Pistols and Shotguns are your best friend. Other weapons are useless - while you aim for the head the bullet hits either the zombie/player in the stomic or leg half the time [could be lag or game failure]. AI are borken most of the time as well and its not just the zombies. Cilvilians will run into walls and get stuck in them or anything in the middle of the road. Its almost like they didn't use any nodes or even broke the nodes on the ground so AI would know where to go and not go.Recommend this game to players that just want fun and nothing more? NoRecommend this to more ""Hardcore"" they so call? Maybe!Besides the blank void in their Game Doc; Monochorme shows that with a lot more work on a game like this - anyone can enjoy it. However, this game has a long way to get up close and personal to most of the FPS games out there like Halo, Borderlands, BioShock, and F.E.A.R.Like Killing Floor, this game has no ridicule, there is no mini map, no friendly gamer tags above players. You can get lost fast which forces players to run back for their team mates and help them out. Communication is about the same in any other game. You got actual players and then the trolls along with childern. However its better to make friends or grab friends to play along side you.When it comes to detail within the game art design, Monochrome did a nice job. 6/10. Its not too much and its not too little. Its right in the middle. However having only 2 female characters to pick from the other... 6 guys... Is rather unfortunate. A better set up would of been 4 Male characters and 4 Female characters."
76561198059914198,Not Recommended,238430,21119239,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Avyiz,Played 8mins of this game and now it's now longer in my steam games.
,Not Recommended,238430,9368251,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Espainiako Sekulako dira,"It's one of those ""I'll finish it! swear on me mum!"" type games that takes your money, and after a week you forget about the amazing features promised."
,Not Recommended,238430,11367792,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Zένø™ 👌,"Wannabe l4d clone with slow zombies,stupid AI and cockroaches.Nice music though,gotta give the devs props for that."
,Not Recommended,238430,11533225,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,mioskus,"No action, no funny. Just booooring shooter without scenario"
,Not Recommended,238430,9876159,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Sergeant179,Controls are too slow and too confusioning to the point of constant death. Poor zombie experience. Zombie spawn in front of you out of no where.
76561198070546648,Not Recommended,238430,9865806,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Zajofi,"Wow. I can't remember the last time I've been this disappointed with a purchase.. The trailer and reviews gave me the impression this was a must buy. Save your $20. Once you've played for 5 minutes, you've experienced everything this game has to offer."
,Not Recommended,238430,9885547,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Gmoneymccain,I wish it were more like ZP:S. You only can have upto i think 4 players on a zerver :/
,Not Recommended,238430,10114318,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Cap'n Lux,mcully culkin didnt even show face
,Recommended,238430,8660545,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Kanye West,left 2 dead
76561198013333312,Not Recommended,238430,11713255,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Patrick Swayze,"Looks like a potato, runs like a potato!"
76561198149467943,Not Recommended,238430,13925615,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Oh no! Here comes common sense!,"So, today I was browsing through games, and I happened upon a game called ""No More Room In Hell"". Now, heres the interesting part. It has the same maps, same gamemodes, and same objectives. The only real difference is that this game has better graphics. Now, for the best part. No More Room In Hell is free. Congradulations devs, you just lost a customer."
,Not Recommended,238430,8253843,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,zeekstey,"19:55 - Zeekstey!: omg, i found a roasted chicken and im a black dude...19:55 - Zeekstey!: goty20:03 - Demo | С Рождеством ))): lame without friends20:03 - Zeekstey!: eh20:03 - Zeekstey!: i got stuck20:04 - Zeekstey!: i extinguished the fire20:04 - Zeekstey!: and thats it20:04 - Zeekstey!: i got bored also20:06 - Demo | С Рождеством ))): killed a camper20:06 - Demo | С Рождеством ))): stole his stuff20:06 - Demo | С Рождеством ))): was attacked by one zombie when camping20:06 - Demo | С Рождеством ))): unloaded an entire clip to him20:06 - Demo | С Рождеством ))): didn't die20:06 - Demo | С Рождеством ))): killed me20:06 - Demo | С Рождеством ))): 8(20:07 - Zeekstey!: i was headshoting like a pro20:07 - Zeekstey!: 1 bullet 1 death20:07 - Demo | С Рождеством ))): yup"
76561197970476705,Not Recommended,238430,9870695,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,*****,"This might actually be the worst game I've bought on Steam. It's dark - but not in the 'game noir' sense, just dark in the 'it's hard to see what's going on' sense. Audio is buggy - stops and starts for seemingly no reason, immersing me in periods of absolute silence... again, not in the Hitchcock-esque suspensful sense, just that it seems to stop making a noise when I shoot things.It's a shame Steam doesn't offer refunds. 16 minutes of game-time in, and I'm already uninstalling it."
76561197972357409,Not Recommended,238430,9903897,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,Focused,"I was blatantly ripped off.  This game runs like crap and has no story mode.  Since hardly anyone's playing, of course multiplayer sucks, not to mention it runs even worse than single player (which is pointless alone.)I have more fun on zombie servers in css"
,Not Recommended,238430,9922510,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,KSspray,its boring. too slow paced and all you have is a phone to navigate your way through the map. there is no team cooperation with your companions (in public servers) so your usually forced to fight through the game yourself.
76561198004899274,Recommended,238430,9951978,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,(.)(.)Wal,"This game has great atmosphere and is a good zombie survival shooter.  However, the difficulty and frustration my friends and I have had over trying to run a co-op game is what makes this game horrible to play!  Take a game like Left4Dead....its so old, and yet to host a game takes seconds and it works all the time!  None of this port forwarding rubbish, connect via console, etc, etc.  DEVELOPERS TAKE NOTE!  You will utterly ruin this game because of the frustrations in hosting co-op games.  When you join a public server, frankly you always get idiot players who ruin the game and team play.  FIX IT!"
,Recommended,238430,19656083,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,McDougell,
,Not Recommended,238430,19546117,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Quakerino,"Slow, Sluggish and stupid AI"
76561198104023650,Recommended,238430,11959975,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Killerghost01,good game
,Recommended,238430,11854091,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Meek Ale,"I was stuck in a diner for the first 15 minutes I was playing, and for the last 2 minutes I was verbally abused by other players. Overall, pretty fun time. Shout out to Fallen."
,Recommended,238430,14172975,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Zharlie Sine Fine,U can be a really ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and♥♥♥♥♥♥people off without being kicked cuz they cant vote kick. XDwould hide that key again.
76561198042627334,Recommended,238430,16515361,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,NOOBKIA,The game is really fun but get it on sale!
76561198074332557,Recommended,238430,12907738,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Wandering_Tree,the graphics are terrible if its not on high and its just like walking dead i reccomend this
,Not Recommended,238430,16984785,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,RoxasTheHunter,Clunky and boring. Not worth the 20 dollars i paid for this. If you want  a good co-op zombie game go buy L4D2
76561198003793513,Not Recommended,238430,17018349,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Alt F4,un'occasione sprecata. ottimo sistema di puntamento e gestione delle armi .tutto  il resto è pessimo. alcune mappe non hanno un percoso logico.peccatoa wasted opportunity. great targeting system and weapons management .The rest is very poor. AI is stupidly brilliant!a pity
76561198145964410,Not Recommended,238430,17039418,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,нα∂єи ∂яαкє,Honestly you could get zombie panic source and have more fun
,Not Recommended,238430,18895381,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,$plash,http://i.imgur.com/mjKjYXt.gifv
,Recommended,238430,15392407,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Adolf Shitler,"Betrayal Simulator 2015. It really brings out the worst of mankind. Here's how a typical game goes:1) You spawn2) You start running away from zombies3) You see a human and offer your hand in friendship4) Human blasts you in the face with a shotgun and takes your weapons5) Your faith in humanity is lost6) You respawn as a zombie and make it your personal mission to end that human.Lesson learned: If you see a human, shoot them."
,Recommended,238430,7836992,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,ManilaPCGaming,Haha. this game is actually fun. just started playing the HUNTED game more and theres a sense of extreme tension dodging zombies and preying on other players at the same time. Theres something more real and lifelike about CONTAGION more than the arcade-y L4D. Try it!!
76561197982877381,Not Recommended,238430,13702071,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Dethstarr,"I still cant get a single working game here. I dont know, probably me. But look at my inventory. You draw your own conclusions."
,Recommended,238430,7828311,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Frogbert E. Lee,Get it
76561198030498765,Not Recommended,238430,12977733,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,THE MORTARING JEW,"terrible terrible game. still only one map ( dark maps do not count due to their gayness ) you can run out of legs, all guns are inaccurate. 13 year old devs just delete any posts that both they and their mumma dont approve. DO NOT PLAY THIS GAME FOR FREE let alone buy it. all these issues exised months ago and are still not rectified. im reminded of something i read about on the net about syphillis in my thoughts towards this game.update june 24 2017game still♥♥♥♥♥"
76561197978843039,Recommended,238430,17872135,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,s[i]c,nice
76561198045956778,Recommended,238430,10043617,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,sete,omg funsies
,Recommended,238430,10115755,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Griffin,"Nicely made game, its fun with friends and can be tough at times but i would recomend this gamesPlus i really like the trailer on steam for it"
,Recommended,238430,25269669,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,A jar of jars,"If you came here looking for a review on contagion you made the wrong choice, but if you wanted some scones, you made the right choice!Ingredients225g/8oz self raising flourpinch of salt55g/2oz butter25g/1oz caster sugar150ml/5fl oz milk1 free-range egg, beaten, to glaze (alternatively use a little milk)Method1.Heat the oven to 220C/425F/Gas 7. Lightly grease a baking sheet.2.Mix together the flour and salt and rub in the butter.3.Stir in the sugar and then the milk to get a soft dough.4.Turn on to a floured work surface and knead very lightly. Pat out to a round 2cm/¾in thick. Use a 5cm/2in cutter to stamp out rounds and place on a baking sheet. Lightly knead together the rest of the dough and stamp out more scones to use it all up.5.Brush the tops of the scones with the beaten egg. Bake for 12-15 minutes until well risen and golden.6.Cool on a wire rack and serve with butter and good jam and maybe some clotted cream."
,Not Recommended,238430,9437841,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,professional not hungerer,don't let your friends convince you to buy thisthey'll never play itand the movement in this game is so clunky and slow
76561198040892175,Not Recommended,238430,9575137,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Slamatl92,gets boreing after awhile i might not play this crappy game again no hosted lobbies like in l4d this should be taking of from steam and yea i liked this but not now because i dont know what map/type im going into and i do not care if the admins of this game sees this what a waste this should of been free but no everyone dont buy this play no more room in hell its better then this♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,238430,9830543,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,太阳Tifa,"Terrible! This will be my last early access game I buy! I was hoping for this game to be open world not another left 4 dead with objectives.Edit: After the latest update on spetember 14, i decided to give this game another chance after watching some gameplay on youtube. I have to say it has come together quite well. Bullet reg is much better now in hunted. It's no longer about the gun you have but player skill. headshots are always instakill. I love it."
,Not Recommended,238430,9818941,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,SuperLit,"You guys really should have stick to the Zombie Panic Source format. But no you had to make it co-op, you had to make it only 8 players per server, you had to make it ""realistic"".What were you thinking in the developing process? That you guys actually have the experiences to make a ""realistic"" zombie game? no you don't! So why try for this half♥♥♥♥♥attempt at making a half♥♥♥♥♥""No more room in hell"" experience.Zombie Panic was great because:1. 32 players a server = Lot's of social experience. Team base game. More dynamic social encounter2. I have features that other zombie games doesn't. Such as ""pushing furnitures to make barricade"". People get creative with this, and it's greatly differentiate an experienced players to non-experienced.3. Huge escape map. Contagion maps are linear and predictable. You guys might did a better job at ""decorating"" them, but too bad when it's come to interactiveness it as stale as a wallpaper. Nothing is movable in Contagion, everything is a stiff as a rock, even chairs.And let's talk about the Zombie AI, it's a good idea for a new features....but it shouldn't be the reason why you replace 32 player base with it. I get it, I have more zombies to shoot at now, but in no way it can replace encounter I get with a human zombie player. And the AI, they aren't smart, they just walk toward you until you put a bullet in their head...there's no challenge to it, just a mean for you to waste ammo. At least in NMRH, ammo is limited and melee is challenging.In conclusion, if you still have the budget...revamp the game...make it Zombie Panic Source 2. Otherwise, this is a dead game and it won't be an undead one."
76561197997174946,Not Recommended,238430,12850222,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Sharp Solid,"Contagion's mod(Zombie Panic! Source) was better than game.IF you wanna buy wait big discounts because probably it'll be a big dissapointment for you,too."
,Not Recommended,238430,33111033,Posted: 1 July,all,Tomm,k
,Recommended,238430,9895433,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,Ciradis,"this is a game about walking around aimlessly looking for something interesting to do but ultimately never actually finding thatreccomended for masochists, loners, solipsists and trolls"
,Not Recommended,238430,14460241,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Domino,"I like its aspects of realism and teamwork.I don't like its lack of hitscan and animation sync. If you're close to a zombie, it literally hits you two seconds before it actually swings its arm, even with a low latency. Ironsights aim tends to be off with some weapons, and since a core 'feature' of the game is a need to conserve ammo, most of its bugs tend to be very counterproductive and make the game nearly impossible in some situations.I also REALLY don't like the lack of configurable options. No option to turn off friendly fire even in strictly cooperative mode, no flexible dedicated servers, nothing. There are four difficulties, and they all affect the same thing without any variance: Damage taken & dealt, amount of ammo to be found, etc.I'm not getting my hopes up with this game, yet. It seems to be one of those types of games fitting under a 'great idea, poor execution' category, but the game itself is still far from being 'complete' and is being worked on at a gradual pace, so maybe after several more patches and a few more updates, I'll be able to recommend this, but for now, I'd recommend staying away."
,Not Recommended,238430,8034477,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,siegeh25,"It's ok but if you just rely on pub games, you're ganna have a♥♥♥♥♥♥time. literally no one knows what to do"
76561197971073999,Not Recommended,238430,8447486,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,shelledfade,"STAY AWAY!If I burned my money with a lighter, it would have been the same thing as buying this ""game"".I mean, lets get real for a second. This isn't a game and they shouldn't be charging money for it. These ""game modes"" are a joke. The only game mode that's even remotely worth playing is the PVP deathmatch and its horribly annoying and imbalanced as playing a zombie when you die because the zombies are a joke and the only way you can really be killed is by another player shooting you. The cell phone mechanic is also horrible as it gives peoples position away easily.This is just a gimmick. I mean seriously, I've never played a game that was worse than this other than maybe ghost recon future soldier and that game puts this to shame. THAT'S SAYING SOMETHING. Trust me on this one, stay away from this garbage.I mean there's a freaking free to play zombie game out there that is basically identical to contagion but is 20x better... I mean... christ."
,Not Recommended,238430,10176070,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,RED SUN,"If you don't need money, you should buy it."
76561197986306642,Not Recommended,238430,10189863,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,sudden2000,"The game's page says it can be played as single player. It's a lie. This game is for coop/PvP only. No campaign, no scenarios. Run and shoot. The worst clone of Left 4 Dead."
,Not Recommended,238430,19469591,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,AJ,"Do not pay $19.99 for this game, its not worth it. I got it for 3bucks."
,Recommended,238430,23662232,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,No internet bye :C,-Loading-1FPS-Done- 60FPSShot a zombie in the headrealized it was a humanbecame a suicide bomber10/10would kill a humanthe game helped me learn what to do during a zombie apocalypsebe born with a gunshoot them in the facenever trust humanseat beansfartand shoot more zombies
76561198016870648,Not Recommended,238430,8910202,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Rhalls,"The game looks lot like FEAR series. BUt these one have lots of video lag and the loading screen takes forever (in a good pc). If you live in south america there are no servers, at least I can't find any."
,Recommended,238430,7936076,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,↜༺ ☩ Frøstyß ᛟ ༻↝,ＮＥＥＤＳ  ＭＯＲＥ  ＡＮＩＭＥ  ＰＨＯＮＥ  ＢＡＣＫＧＲＯＵＮＤＳ
76561198057355719,Not Recommended,238430,19121094,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Pvt. Parts.,Terrible game. Not worth the money at all. Gives no indication of what to do. Just throws you in and says go ♥♥♥♥ yourself
,Not Recommended,238430,12728573,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Rabid Dutchman,"It's another zombie game. Despite what the developers will say and have said, it IS just another zombie game. The only things that make it stand out are the clumsy and slow controls to make it feel ""real"", the noticable abscence of items such as health packs, the glitchy zombies that sometimes require three headshots to kill (yes, my shots did connect), and the distinct lack of any sense of purpose or direction aside from the person texting you and a waypoint system that amounts to little more than ""Warmer... warmer... colder... warmer...""Decent concept, poor execution.5/10TL;DR - The developers played Left 4 Dead and said ""Hey, this game is fun! We can fix that"""
76561198026252268,Not Recommended,238430,14818584,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Innovate,"Newest Update 10/03/15 . Basically no player base and the game looks like it was in the 1980s , counted about 15 players active today about 11 of my friends have uninstalled this game out of 11 >"
,Not Recommended,238430,23814816,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Frogburt,Me no likey
,Not Recommended,238430,20359658,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,RoadFoward,This game is horribleRuns clunkyAlso playing multiplayer means running around map not finding Zombies to killAnd running around with nothing because your♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥team mates took it all
76561198042078318,Recommended,238430,7786850,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Blably10,"a good game, worth the money and can be very intense"
,Not Recommended,238430,30971368,Posted: 5 April,all,KitterclouD,DO NOT BUYENOUGH SAID
76561198044989649,Not Recommended,238430,8471850,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,LT_Grapefruit,no
,Recommended,238430,18470786,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Niilo22,ezyfAK
76561198054746615,Recommended,238430,13133624,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,DronisPancakes,vdvdvdvfd
,Recommended,238430,25003766,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Scrambled,"Sometimes I sit and ask myself, ""why did my parents' marriage have to end so tragically? Why did they both choose to disown me? Couldn't it have been a simple 'we can't be together' and a simple farewell? Couldn't they have taken turns to care for me?""But the answer to this hit me as I was playing this game. You see, my mother hosted vegan styled marriage party. I know now that my father's great lust for meat was simply too great to ignore the fact that what was supposed to be the best day of his life was vegan based.G-oddam-n vegans ruining America"
,Recommended,238430,9952683,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,🐾Viacell🐾,why does this game keep kicking me out when i try and join a server can u tell me the awnser valve?
76561198021757575,Not Recommended,238430,8885164,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Incipit Satan,Im Taking Back My Review...1st It SUX MAJOR♥♥♥♥♥YOU GET ALOT OF ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥SKILLING YOU SO THEY CAN BE THE LAST SURVIOR AN WIN THE WHOLE GAME!!I Know You Can Adjust The Settings In The Game To AVOID These Situations But Why Should YouTo Have Fun Not Be AN ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Or How Some Of You Say In The Gaming World Trolling!!2nd Besides All That It Is Fun An Way Better Than Zombie Panic Sourse
76561198009351189,Not Recommended,238430,13152312,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Angrysquirrel,"In my opinion, this is the only first person game that truly captures the tension of surviving a zombie apocalypse.   You have limited resources in terms of ammo, weapons, and supplies and everyone needs to stick together to have a greater chance of survival.  Since ammo is limited you need to headshot zombies unless you want to risk infection and fight hand to hand. The maps are dark and foreboding.  The weapons look great and the sounds are crisp and accurate.  The zombie models and sounds are also good too.On the downside, there aren’t a lot of maps to play right now.  There also isn’t much interactivity with the map objects either.  The developers said they will be releasing more downloadable content with two more maps (which I believe brings it to three more from the original build), and a few more weapons.There are also some technical problems as well. The zombie spawning is bugged.   For example, on the prison map you are spawned as a zombie and cannot get to the survivors because you’ve spawned in a portion of the map the survivors don’t have access to.   Other times you are spawned into a place on the map as a zombie almost on the complete opposite side of the map where the survivors are.  There’s no waypoints as a zombie to the survivors, so unless you know the map really well you will be out of the action for a long, long time.There is some occasional, inexplicable in game lag.  Not sure if it’s a limitation of the engine they used but as a survivor trying to headshot zombies, the lag will cause you to miss and you could become lunch and then turned.There are only a few game modes right now.  One is a way point mode where you find things to aid in an escape, and another mode where you escort survivors to an extraction zone.  The developers have said that more modes are coming.The development cycle on this game has been really slow.  Sometimes no updates are released for a month or more.  The developers say they are bringing more people into the team so hopefully when that happens updates will pick up.I would recommend this game if you can handle the above problems.Update 02/23/16I no longer recommend this game.  It appears the company has abandoned it, as evidenced by the regular price drops into the bargain basement and no more updates.  All the company spokesperson on Steam talks about are free giveaways and playing other people's games.  The game is still littered with bugs which will likely never be fixed.I wish I had never bought this game. It is essentially the same as the free game zombie panic source  but with game breaking bugs and no support."
,Not Recommended,238430,24469351,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,eyeless1973,"This game id garbage! I submetted a request for a refund over a week ago and Steam will not repond to my request.So buyer beware! Loks like I'm going back to The♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥for my games, as Steam doesn't want to honor their refund policy on crap games."
76561198091248098,Recommended,238430,9599278,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,LoL,Amazing game if you love androids and zombies!
,Recommended,238430,23684372,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,uJesu Bona Zonke,LIT AF MLG
,Recommended,238430,14726669,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,I'm Chillout,this game sucks. 10/10
76561198001738146,Not Recommended,238430,8915635,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Z'dravno,"This game looks good on the video but terribly to acctually play.  Its slow and unresponsive, even on the lowest graphics settings.  Hit hoxes seem off and you cant really interact with enviornment.  Wanna use a broom as a weapon? Nope.  for 15$ I feel ripped off."
,Not Recommended,238430,9867603,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Ugg?,"In all fairness, this game has a lot of elements that make it an interesting game. I don't particularly want to♥♥♥♥♥♥on the entire game so I'll try to provide a pros and cons to maybe help future buyers but personally I feel like this game isn't worth 20$Pros:-beeping people over and over-custom ringtones-lots and lots of zombies swarm you if you shoot-interesting dynamic presented by map levels-challenging game that requires team work-as a zombie you can grab players-hitboxes work fairly wellCons:-melee weapons are virtually useless so you'll always be attracting a horde (from shooting them all) no matter what game mode you play-the game out of the box doesn't even have a lot of general binds expected by all FPS to be prebound (switching weapons, pulling out your phone, etc)-players can stand on top of ladders and block player zombies climbing up them (you cant hit them while on the ladder so they just shoot you in the head)-matchmaking from my experience is fairly slow-the escape game mode becomes very monotonous, a couple of times through and you're bored to tearsThats all I can think of off the top of my head, I'm fairly disappointed by this release but maybe in the future-- oh wait this is the full release-- ouch, yeah don't buy this game unless its on sale for 5$ or less"
76561198005040295,Not Recommended,238430,18032598,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Whipclaw,"Appauling, DO NOT BUY, it's practically a clone of No More Room in Hell (which is FREE!)"
,Not Recommended,238430,8893924,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Vilmantas,sLAMSTAS
76561198154499701,Not Recommended,238430,19029723,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Geocaz,Absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ I thought it was gonna be a get loot and survive game but you start out with weapons and the map is as small as♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,238430,17437047,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Bodacious Rump Whisperer,"Oh look, another zombie game on source engine.Seriously though, this game is grade A trash.  Its clunky, the inventory system is nonsensical, the gameplay has no significant difference from any other zombie survival game out there and the gore is actually ripped from L4D2.No joke.  They used the gore from L4D2 and it doesn't even work at all on their models.Also, the graphics are just abysmal.   The post processing even worse, these guys have no clue on how to properly set bloom.Its jumped up so much that either anything under a light will become just pure color; no detail, or it casts a ♥♥♥♥ing beam of light that immolates your retinas.I swear, a ♥♥♥♥ing piece of paper on the ♥♥♥♥ing ground shot a beam of light into my eyeballs and now I'm half blind."
,Not Recommended,238430,17406175,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Cop Killer,"If you like♥♥♥♥♥♥in your mouth than you can buy this game or I can do it for free.Your choice, ♥♥♥♥boi."
,Recommended,238430,9820845,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,xWhaleShark,Meh
76561197984908959,Recommended,238430,17886124,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,☛ Finn ☚,i love this game it's the best!
,Recommended,238430,10067225,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,SpiitFyre,The zam zams
76561198098404164,Recommended,238430,9974653,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,_B.C.Hellhound_,iv got errors every were and the zombies arnt walking how there posten to be do i need a surten game are something help me
76561198023198387,Recommended,238430,10060359,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,_Caball3ro_,"I tried to kill a zombie, it kill me, I became a zombie, thied to kill a human and got killed again.GREAT GAME!!!"
76561197971039860,Not Recommended,238430,18850619,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Gunther,"A marginal game.  Especially when you become a zombie.  At that point, it does not seem fun."
,Not Recommended,238430,9816457,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,☣☠Captain Crusader☣☠,"I didn't pay for this game and got is as a gift, this game is now finished and it still sucks, Just as I thought about this game not going any where, the devs suck and gave up on it, ""No updates in months and even maybe a year!"", the final finish of the game left players with low end machines to end up with crashes and now they are unable to play the stupid piece of crap.Now you can walk around in the city with a cell phone, ""yea thats right there is mobile services still up in a zombie apocalypse"". The cell phone is for a connection with someone that you never see, and they tell you that you need to get out of there. Like your gonna stand around in a fenced in area within city streets. ""how do you get miles of fenced up area in a city, anyway??"" Stupid crap!. it gets even more stupid after you find a gate that is open and you just go into another fenced in city block area! Look for the green light that means you can enter that area LOL! stupid crap!I must also add about the sound that is really bad.. The gun shots are the only thing you will hear and rain. You will hear gun shots in the distance and when you go to where you heard them , no one is there, The zombies do not make any attack sounds or even foot steps for that matter. They do not growl or make any noise.Tried the humans vs zombies, thinking that this game has gotta have something to offer , but thats really boring too, as a zombie you find yourself running around all over the place trying to find one of the humans to kill, then the game was over before i got to do anything. Thats if you can get the stupid game to even load.Ok, Then you have Hunted ""WTF"" is that? Walking around searching houses looking for surviviors to help them escape, its a zombie apocalyse, why would you run around with your cell phone in your hand trying to find people?? ""Stupid! unreal game play"" i haven't enjoyed one minute of the game.. Stay away, get State of Decay or Dayz if you want a good zombie game!Beware, the new trailer has nothing to do with the game, its just there to get you to want to purchase this junk, its a marketing ploy, calculated to gain an advantage indirectly or deviously on salesHere's another thing if you go on the community hub and state your real opinion about this game the devs get all bent out of shape and start whinning like babies and then they ban you and delete your opinion on the game!! I hope your reading this you bunch of aszholes. Your game sucks!If you have interest in this game and you don't believe me? Torrent this crap and see for yourself!Update: The game still sucks, no one plays it there are people giving this game false positive reviews and I feel bad for anyone that believe's this game is worth buying. because you just wasted your hard earned money on garbage. The promised for the new DLC is because the game is dying and the devs are trying everything they can to bring life back into this failure. be warned!New News and Update: The developers flagged my reveiw stating it was breaking guide line rules.. Read the damn review and you will see its not breaking any rules. One thing it should be breaking it your thoughts on purchasing this wasted piece of garbage game.The game sucks and the people that made it are a bunch of cry babies. Whats the matter your game sucks and you can't change it from the fail????Huge fail and that is carma for you, you get it now?? You lose and I win. HA HAH AHAA! Grow up you bunch of losers!"
,Not Recommended,238430,9489840,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Dazzl,I never liked source engine games but I didn't knew they can be so bad.Money wasting. Piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥4/10. Sentence - Physics is a nutshell
76561198074634398,Not Recommended,238430,34725524,Posted: 3 September,all,Str8reapin,sigh
,Recommended,238430,10506516,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,that's what she said,Buy the hell out of it. Period.
,Not Recommended,238430,14055982,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,ArcTheWolf,"Do not buy this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ You may think it will be fun to play as a zombie but you are wrong, you play as a zombie but not just any zombie, a standard NPC zombie, you'd think you'd get some bonus health or something since you aren't an NPC right? Wrong!! You get to roar which will make zombies follow you, then you can tell them to beat doors down sounds pretty fun doesn't it, well let me tell you why it's not fun. 90% of the time they don't listen to your commands and just stand there looking confused, the other 10% of the time they listen and they go to break down the door you told them and then they all stand there growling at the door rather than beating it down. The worst part is you can't disband your horde, that would make it better if you could tell your horde to go ♥♥♥♥ themselves and go find new ones when they get stuck but nope, they are loyal to you until they die.What's that you got your horde stuck and now you can't get through the door you need to get through to get to the human players? Well that's just too bad for you, guess you get to stand there with your thumb up your♥♥♥♥♥for the next 20 to 30 minutes now don't you. It wouldn't suck so hard if you could have the option of just spectating the remaining survivors rather than having to control a zombie. Seriously guys if you want to play a co-op zombie game that let's you control zombies too go buy Left 4 Dead 2. Seriously don't buy this, I've taken ♥♥♥♥♥ that were better developed than this game here.Hell I'd even recommend DayZ before I recommended this to anbody, and DayZ is a ♥♥♥♥ing nightmare of kill on sight ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. I'm not kidding I want my ♥♥♥♥ing money back from this one because this is a ♥♥♥♥ing joke of a game."
,Not Recommended,238430,18701434,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Alabaster,Alright! Not as good compared to something like killing floor 2 though.
,Not Recommended,238430,12650757,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,[ٿ] ZupaSmoka,no good
76561198014770703,Not Recommended,238430,12618251,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Andrew,TERRIBLE GAME INCREDIBLY LOUD SOUND A BUNCH OF NERDS WITH DOLLAR STORE MICS THAT WONT SHUT THE **** UP AVOID THIS GAME AT ALL COSTS
,Not Recommended,238430,9885450,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,HeheXD,Meh/10
76561198031088942,Recommended,238430,18229519,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Mat,░░█▀░░░░░░░░░░░▀▀███████░░░░░░█▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀██████░░░░█▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░███████▌░░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░████████░░▐▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀██████▌░░░▌▄███▌░░░░▀████▄░░░░▀████▌░░▐▀▀▄█▄░▌░░░▄██▄▄▄▀░░░░████▄▄░▐░▀░░═▐░░░░░░══░░▀░░░░▐▀░▄▀▌▌▐░░░░░▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀░▀░░▌▌▐░░░▄▀░░░▀░▌░░░░░░░░░░░░▌█░▌▌░▌░░▀▀▄▄▀▀▄▌▌░░░░░░░░░░▐░▀▐▐░░▌░░▌░▄▄▄▄░░░▌░░░░░░░░▐░░▀▐░░░█░▐▄██████▄░▐░░░░░░░░█▀▄▄▀░░░▐░▌▌░░░░░░▀▀▄▐░░░░░░█▌░░░░░░░░█░░▄▀▀▀▀▄░▄═╝▄░░░▄▀░▌░░░░░░░░░▌▐░░░░░░▌░▀▀░░▄▀░░▐░░░░░░░░░░▀▄░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░░░░█░░░░░░░░░░▄█▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▀▀░░░░░░░▌▌░░░░░░░░▄▀▌▀▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▄░░░░░▄▀░░▌░▀▄░░░░░░░░░░▄▀░░▌░▀▄░░░░░░░▌█▄▄▀▄░░░░░░▄▀░░░░▌░░░▌▄▄░░░▄▐██████▄▄░▄▀░░▄▄▄▄▌░░░░▄░░░▄▌████████▄▄▄███████▌░░░░░▄░▄▀░██████████████████▌▀▄░░░░▀░░░█████▀▀░░░▀███████░░░▀▄░░░░░░▐█▀░░░▐░░░░░▀████▌░░░░▀▄░░░░░░░▌░░░▐░░░░▐░░▀▀█░░░░░░░▀░░░░░░▐░░░░▌░░░▐░░░░░▌░░░░░░░░╔╗║░╔═╗░═╦═░░░░░╔╗░░╔═╗░╦═╗░░║║║░║░║░░║░░░░░░╠╩╗░╠═╣░║░║░░║╚╝░╚═╝░░║░░░░░░╚═╝░║░║░╩═╝░
,Recommended,238430,13608859,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,SkyTheKraKen,.......yeah this game is good...
76561198056186683,Not Recommended,238430,8810999,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,GuyOnAChair,Terrible. This games servers are like a ghost town and are barely working which means that you may never get to play the game. That said the one time I got it to work I was disappointed by the ugliest looking game to ever grace the superb Source Engine and the most repetitive and terribly dull gameplay I've seen in a long time. Maps and general aesthetics or textures (That aren't Vanilla Left 4 Dead 2's assets.) are a horrendous sight to behold. The reworked zombies are extraordinarily stupid even for zombie standards with any possible tension removed by their dumb glitchy animations. The free mod that the developers of this game supposedly worked on had way better presentation and gameplay which makes this current state of this game comparatively unacceptable. Though it now says it's in early access trust me when I say that there is no way in hell that they are going to update it. A year has passed and not a single patch or update has been made. Then again if there were then there really wouldn't be anybody to notice it what with the game being as appealing as a dead cat. Save your cash for better games that care about delivering on promise or better yet are actually finished.
76561198010815933,Not Recommended,238430,16409957,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Nibbers,Was a lot of fun when I first played it. I come back almost half a year later and nothing new has been added. Another quick cash grab...
,Not Recommended,238430,28535183,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,yes,cancer game
,Not Recommended,238430,9721934,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,👻 Evange-Ghost 👻,I wish my computer could run this horribly optimized piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ whoever made this indie garbage.
76561198093057711,Not Recommended,238430,18811873,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,M'aiq the Liar,Too much for M'aiq. M'aiq will stay in Skyrim.
76561197961970854,Not Recommended,238430,18853266,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Screaming Sun (Capt_B),"I like ""no more room in hell better"", and it's free"
,Recommended,238430,11904090,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Bebop,"Game has no cross hairs, you will learn to fight the dead and fear the living in this."
76561197967187018,Recommended,238430,35354819,Posted: 30 September,all,Joff,"Amazing game but you idiots ruined it by either:A. Not buying it.B. Not playing it if you did buy it.Hate you all, you have no class."
76561198157313416,Not Recommended,238430,28434325,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,aalucylex,i was waiting to get this game and i thought it would run but it didnt i wasted all of my now all i got is $0.17 money thanks alot i want my money back now!
76561198021093986,Not Recommended,238430,13595576,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,228 AK47 YOLO,"I bought game but cannot play - i have 4gb RAM, but i have 32bit OS, so game cannot accept RAM as 4GB - game simply don't run.Such silly things were acceptable in 90's when coding was optimized really hard for really low profile computers.Nowadays, it seems like laziness. there is over9k games which are better in world detalization and graphic experience and have no such sily requirements"
,Not Recommended,238430,17019340,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Gvauz,"get killed by other surivors all the time, sad that I can't refund it anymore"
,Not Recommended,238430,19138815,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Professor Rumplebumpus,Crap.
,Recommended,238430,19044389,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Purple Funny Joke,Contagion is one of the best Tactial shooter this game is for the fact that the look of the game is beatuiful and how the game plays some or more then the time is weapons and how great some of the weapons were in the patches but it is a real fun game of you want to get scared or killing this game is for you but. of you don't like that then leave but i leave you with this get busy killing or get busy dying.
76561198073071533,Not Recommended,238430,22992463,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Sir Harksalot,The only contagion you will get is the autism from playing this game.
,Not Recommended,238430,9821484,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,twitch.tv/OGDaMonsta,A real zombie apocalaypse with my family dieing would be more entertaining than this trash.
,Not Recommended,238430,13252534,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,SpawN,I couldn't open the door. 0/5 stars
76561198015035546,Recommended,238430,13025395,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,snorklemuffin,"USED TO BE GREAT, BUT TROLLS HAVE TAKEN OVER SINCE DEVS DECIDED THAT ZOMBIE PLAYERS SHOULD GET 15 LIVES (RESPAWN 3 TIMES), SO TROLLS ABUSE THE GAME, AND JUST KILL TEAM FOR FUN. GREAT JOB DEVS....HEY, WHO GAVE U THE IDEA THAT ZOMBIES CAN DIE, BUT ZOMBIE PLAYERS CAN RESPAWN 15 TIMES, RIGHT NEAR WHERE THEY DIED? WHO WAS THE MORON WHO RUIINED THIS GAME WITH THAT>"
,Not Recommended,238430,9796842,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,wobbler,"Game was better in early acces. When i opened a thread in  the forums to post my opinion, others agreed and so the developers came on and started calling people names, belittling any opinion other than theirs and banned me.Reason for ban?""Developers are allowed to have opinions and state that they're opinions. You're not allowed to break a majority of the forum rules, insult developers, act like a rotten child, get warned instead of banned, and then ignore that only to up the ante and prove yourself nothing but a troll who is not interested in the least about the game but instigating conflict. You'll need to find another forum/blog/group/whatever to act out and have your tantrums.""Avoid this developer at all costs. They are petulent children, who want people to buy their product and then shut the ♥♥♥♥ up if they don't like it.I don't mind that I don't like the game, but there are many reports now of them deleting posts, deleting threads, and banning anyone with any criticism of the game.In this case, regardless of how fun the game could be, I can't recommend it even slightly."
,Not Recommended,238430,7788696,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,мы руссиан фриенд,"Bought the game an hour ago, now it is on sale... -.-"
,Not Recommended,238430,27253449,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,King Hadu,Too much racism and corruption by some Steam Moderators against me has forced me to give this a Thumbs Down. I have been targetted by a steam moderator for some time now who is abusing his basement dwelling powers
,Not Recommended,238430,12914352,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Noodle Storm,"I played this game for only a little while but it really didn't interest me, i felt it was a huge let down."
,Not Recommended,238430,28480921,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,mykei,"Good, now that I have your attention, this game is pretty good!"
,Not Recommended,238430,25513917,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Doge o Perneta hellcase.com,Aint what i was waiting for. Refunded.
,Recommended,238430,13606657,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Come Cu de Curioso,i dont have the game and i can review it! AWESOME!
,Not Recommended,238430,8520354,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Theresa Barkskin,"After finally playing this POS of a game it really is bad. It literally brought me to tears on how bad this game was. I feel so much regret buying this, even if it was only four dollars."
,Not Recommended,238430,7858057,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,supernet2,"I wouldn't suggest this, then again i played a few of the game modes, the ones about escape and survival are a hard core pain in the A#&! I mean, when you think about it thats fun but... then lets break it down further... unable to find things because their no where to be found.. and by no where i mean failed to be generated on the field... thats a example. So i cant recommend this AT ALL. Teamwork is near non existent in this game as well. Nobody knows how to use teamwork and IF you do find them, everyone wants to run in guns blazing forgetting AMMO needs to be CONSERVED. Waste of money if you ask me."
76561197970491642,Not Recommended,238430,13593788,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Mr B.,"Not a good game in any aspect.Animations are daft, such as the arm swagger when your a zombie trying to run.It's got the wrong pace - everything moves pretty slow, running etc, yet the rounds are quick. 'Vision' is pointless, since you often can't see where enemies are if your a character.There isn't anything redeeming about this game - save your cash."
76561198097547304,Not Recommended,238430,34440968,Posted: 23 August,all,{BL}Banana_Fish,asxd
76561198148698050,Not Recommended,238430,34223514,Posted: 13 August,all,[TD]TRIGGERED,YOU ♥♥♥♥ING WHIT SUPREMISIST SCUMBAG
76561198027769668,Recommended,238430,33399928,Posted: 9 July,all,North American Pavement Ape,"Before I played:＼＼ ＿＼( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)<　⌒ヽ/ 　 へ＼/　　/　＼＼ﾚ　ノ　　 ヽ_つ/　//　/|(　(ヽ|　|、＼| 丿 ＼ ⌒)| |　　) /`ノ )　　LﾉAfter I played:／ﾌﾌ 　　　　　　 　ム｀ヽ/ ノ) 　 ）　ヽ/ ｜　　( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°）ノ⌒（ゝ._,ノ/　ﾉ⌒7⌒ヽーく　 ＼　／丶＿ ノ ｡　　 ノ､　｡|/`ヽ `ー-'_人`ーﾉ丶 ￣ _人'彡)"
76561198079892047,Recommended,238430,25457872,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Sharkira,"Good game, but it is more dead than Harambe 9/11."
76561198045290039,Not Recommended,238430,18715886,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Gravekeeper,I don't like it
,Not Recommended,238430,7478452,"Posted: 25 October, 2013",all,『Lyh Flare』 - FΛLLΞИ,"Why would i waste so much time waiting, I bought the pre completed version and I know stuff is missing and has to be added and such. BUT! Whenever you open it, the first feeling you achieve is left for dead.. even your F*cking pause menu is from left for dead...I got insanely disapointed in their hmm.. uninspireingI dont want to attempt the completed version (god knows whenever that comes out)2/10. Goodbye"
,Not Recommended,238430,31478862,Posted: 30 April,all,Alex Robertson {Crazy},Weird...
,Not Recommended,238430,25430011,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Kanoob,"Great considering i got it for £1.79, however its only fun if you have friends.  Lots of people know what they're doing, but will probably just mug you off if you ask for help."
,Not Recommended,238430,12499826,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Dwarfy,Refund when? x)
76561198006174834,Not Recommended,238430,10196672,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Nova,"Ok I gave review already of this in early access and that was a thumbs down but now I played the finished game.Still is a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=262229750Wow, nice one.The multiplayer was written by a monkey with no eyes and 2 fingers.No matter what my friend and I tried it didn't work when I tried to host even opening ports etc.I also didn't see the ""filter"" in the servers that the dev claimed to have that filtered out the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥option of turning into zombies after you die which should never exist in the first place.But I didn't want to join a server since people would join and I wanted a private game,Worst zombie game in history.-100/10"
76561198161576783,Not Recommended,238430,32728434,Posted: 24 June,all,lynx,IM fuken♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ This game will make u rage. i was playing a fuken match and got killed got angry and threw my headphones at my monitor. And now the thing is broken screen dead costs 500 eur. im so angry. I know its kindda my fault but like wut da ♥♥♥♥ and the game overall is♥♥♥♥♥
76561198145985900,Not Recommended,238430,25437108,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,wolfenstein,"THIS GAME IS AWFUL! first off i have VERY little downloaded on my desktop and it ttells me ""You Don't have the right amount of RAM to run this game correctly"" which is bs! then the loading times they are awful.and if it freezes while loading you have to force shut down your pc then turn it back on. i hope monochrome relizes the mistake they made with this game a fixes it via a patch or just geting rid of it."
,Recommended,238430,10795069,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Liams Kneeson,This game is easily one of the best zombie co-op games out there. It is so satisfying to shoot a zombie in the head and watch it just explode. 10/10
,Recommended,238430,10798909,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,UncivilLeech,"Fun but could use some work, not bad for what it is though."
,Recommended,238430,10631905,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Jaxon,"real like  zombie survival medkits,guns,barricades, and even be the zombie"
,Recommended,238430,10633716,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Risto,Good fun! Enjoyed COOP and PvP. Amazing sound and graphics.
,Not Recommended,238430,10633929,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,cum stain,"Please do not buy this game for $20. It's worth about $5, if that. It's moderately fun for about two or three hours in co-op mode. After that, the lack of maps, different enemy types, weapons, and content in general kicks in.This is a totally run-of-the-mill zombie sim with very little content. The graphics are nice. That's it. If that's really enough to get you to buy the game, then go watch a Youtube video. It'll save you $20."
,Recommended,238430,10634421,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Lonelyhearts,almost as troll as AJ but not nearly as two face10/10
,Recommended,238430,10634627,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Hal Jordan,badass game here
,Recommended,238430,10634697,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,FallAndrews,Awesome game so far!
,Recommended,238430,10635185,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Josh Giff,"Very fun game. Takes a little getting used to, but when you are playing together as a team it can be really fun. Playing as a zombie is just as fun if not more fun than playing as a human."
76561198045952003,Not Recommended,238430,10635317,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,SMOKE,complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t
,Recommended,238430,10636238,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,IThoughtSheWasLvl18,Rescued a survivor who said thanks then ran into a pack of zombies.10/10
,Not Recommended,238430,10636441,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,fer0x,Garbage looking BETA :(
,Recommended,238430,10636669,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,kazereal,"This has really improved from the days of early access version.Game has more realistic sense of survival, people are slow and need manual reload etc. which increases the tension but also does make this more challenging. It's not trigger-happy shooting like in Left 4 Dead for example.Game modes have interesting variety and depth and you need to teamwork to survive.One small example is that to progress you need to put out fire at some point and need rather heavy fire extuinquisher to do that. It also takes some time so you need someone to watch your back while at it.Triggering alarms will alert the enemy which in some modes can be other players.Weapons do need bullets that are scarce and type related and varies, rifles use different ammo than pistols and so on.So there is plenty of depth and challenge in there.Remember, you gotta shoot 'em in the head."
76561198022914323,Not Recommended,238430,10636705,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,KUSH LIFE,20$ is to much for a game that has a minimalistic replay value and lies about its graphical fidelity and its gameplay mechanics
,Recommended,238430,10637107,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Elrandra,"Excellent game. Very realistic zombies. Love the fact you have to headshot to kill them. Could be better, there are some bugs, but overall it's a good game."
76561197962560924,Recommended,238430,10637924,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,OkayKcey,"Realistic Left 4 Dead. Plesently surprised, immersion is amazing"
76561198074314352,Recommended,238430,10639089,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,seventhblade,fun game
76561198040522870,Recommended,238430,10639244,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,RetroCandle,"Much better than the metascore suggests. I recommend playing lat, lights off, and with a good set of headphones, thats when the game gets its most immersive. Being stranded from the group feels terrifying, communication is key to staying together. work fast, save ammo, and happy hunting."
,Recommended,238430,10640344,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Leon,"I primarily play this game for ""The Hunt"" game mode. For me it shines in this particular mode as it's a standard deathmatch but there are zombies everywhere and they're attracted to noise. So if you shoot your gun you can be certain your position will be overrun with zombies soon. Not only that but killed players spawn as fast zombies and gunsounds can be heard from across the map in most cases so it creates a very tense atmosphere where you have to survive but with as little noise as possible. The last surviving player wins so either way blood will be spilled.The maps are large for an arena shooter, the guns feel good but the hitboxes of human zombies can be frustrating and for me the other game modes aren't interesting. Certain animations look really clunky too.However all these downsides can be overlooked if you want a hunger games with zombies."
,Recommended,238430,10642661,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Turtboy,Buy it. It's definitely worth it. You can easily get 20+ hours of enjoyment with friends.
76561197973300622,Recommended,238430,10643103,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Klink,The devs are dedicated and the community is supporting it well so far.  Keep those servers full!
,Recommended,238430,10643474,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,RandomRocketKat √(π - π √,"Its a game of luck sometimes,you can end up with little ammo and die quicky.Its online multiplayer is fun and constantly action-packed.You can began to get paranoid on solo,but all together is a unique zombie game,ammo is scarse,so are melee weapons.i have to say is fight wisely.its tough,don't underestimate this game abititys.It can throw anything in your way.Escape is a fun,long gamemode with obstacles to overcome.You will lose people on the mission,but try your best to stay alive.It nice having people near by to help you,but you can't always relie on them.They are friends,not foes yes,but they will not stay with you all the time.You fight with or without them,either way.Do your best to survive.Extraction is a rescue mission.Save civilians that are all around the area.Find them quick before they are eaten by zombies.they are helpless,your their only hopeto survive.Locate them with your phone and hurry to their location and save them,be fore its too late.The Hunt is a face-pased gamemode where you also you have to deal with other players who want your skin,players will stop at nothing to kill you and zombies.its a free-for-all type mode.If you like modes like this.Panic is what it is,a mode where you have to survive waves of zombies,a survival type mode basicly.Its fun and makes you really a part of the team,don't hog all the ammo,there is Friendly Fire.They well kill you if you shoot them.be helpful or harmful.Anyway,i like they game,it has fun modes and makes you think smart on what to do.Its slow,but can always pick up the pace.I would recommend this guy to people fans of Zombie survival games,cause this way is unique and most of the time exciting.Its a shame this game hasn't been bought alot.I think its neat and its controlls are simple and easy for starters.Its perfect for zombie fans."
76561198041253395,Recommended,238430,10672694,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,El-Producto,"If you liked Left 4 Dead but wanted more, this game is for you.It's the first good custom built zombie game on the source engine not released by valve and it delivers brilliantly.Save your ammo and try not to get bit"
76561198023444595,Recommended,238430,10672783,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Sir Redghost7 of the Blackwater,"Pretty fun game, a lot more unique than some other zombie games out there at the moment"
,Recommended,238430,10674102,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Bepis,"Portays it as a completely different game, it's L4D with a cloak on. No aspect of survival, its just round based PVP or escape."
76561197978914697,Recommended,238430,10676809,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Thepopadazaru,what can i say running around in the dark with a flashlight and zombies great! its good fun
,Recommended,238430,10677009,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,weezn,kill all teammates and then win10/10
,Not Recommended,238430,10627710,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,muhamadi,Gamemodes are hard to understand the gameplay is pretty weird and quirkly.I dont recommend this.It's a diffrent zombie game 5 shoots to kill 1 zombie its hard to get an ammo.stay tunned and wait for updated.So far dont buy this.5-10
,Recommended,238430,10628898,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,DJWeedz,Great game. Fun with friends. More people need to buy this game. The objective base modes are really well made and fun. Recommend you buy this game ASAP!
76561197972814622,Recommended,238430,10629073,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,StonedMason,kinda♥♥♥♥♥♥ Possible good for 8 player LAN
,Recommended,238430,10629707,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Czechmate,"For those wondering if you should get it in the sale...DO!!!!! It does run on a modified Source engine so the graphics aren't exactly Battlefield 4. And yes it's not perfect. But it's pretty damn good for what it is. Multiple game modes, both as and against the zombies. There are quite a few weapons which all have a distinctive feel. It's not too easy, mind you - zombies require headshots to kill without wasting ammo, recoil is significant on automatic weapons and the melee mechanics aren't exactly L4D2 either. So far I've enjoyed it a lot, especially since I got the four-pack and eating your friends while hearing their terrified screams over the voice comms is pretty damn fun.8.5/10 from me"
,Recommended,238430,8332496,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Joovs,"A little buggy, but overall stable and very well optimised. Solid gameplay that's engaging as well as completely randomised objectie locations and weapons and ammo placement. Infinite replayability"
76561198042762091,Recommended,238430,8332685,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,MonkeyTits,"One of the first survival type zombie games I've played, and I think it's a good intro to the genre. Still in beta, but once it's out it will be an even better game."
76561198018577683,Recommended,238430,8335156,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Mr. Accident,"Jesus this is scary, awsome on coop too"
76561197980270688,Recommended,238430,8335908,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Sideways,"I love how when you die, you turn into a zombie and get to sabotage your previous friends. I think it's an awesome concept that's missing from most other games. The game is pretty hard, but also not hardcore. Since there's no progression, you can freely jump in, play for an hour, and jump out, feeling happy with the time you've spent. Not counting encountering bugs ofcourse, since it is a beta after all. I can't wait for the finished product, with hopefully more maps and possibly more game modes. I recommend grabbing it when it's on sale and giving it a try!"
,Recommended,238430,8337162,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Solomon,Very enjoyable though the trust levels here need work (stop killing me) XD
76561197971218600,Recommended,238430,8252408,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Rick Sanchez,"I've been waiting for this game to be on sale for months. Now that I have it I'm running down to the store to get more memory to play it. Definitely worth the wait and the price.Need more convincing? I've played a lot of zombie games and I'm always wondering what the developers were smoking to screw things up so bad. Why they didn't add certain abilities or content, but this game has most every thing I've ever desired.Not only can you play co-op, but you can play PvP and also be a zombie. You can use things other than just bullets or melee weapons. You can use shadows or small rocks to sneak around.The fact that you can have many different randomly generated maps and you can also have newbies gain opportunities just like veteran players is nice too. Use of the cell phone is ideal and makes sense for modern day technology.What are you waiting for? Don't let the dicount on this game pass you by."
,Recommended,238430,8339415,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,atf,Yeah..
76561197998451058,Recommended,238430,8339728,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Chilly/Chili 毒性,"The game is pretty fun and does have a lot of potential. But since it's still in early access, the amount of content isn't that huge, there's only 3 modes and 3 maps out (at least I've only seen those in populated servers). And there definitely has to be some tweaking in terms of gameplay mechanics. For example in one game mode the last one standing against zombies is the winner, so you'd expect that the game will have some tense situations when it's either kill the zombies together or kill the other player so that you'll be one step closer to being the last one standing and thus the winner of the round. But unfortunately it's pretty easy to just get away with killing every human player you see, and that's definitely a con. It makes it more of a deathmatch mode with zombies just roaming around.The graphics and sounds are just as they should be and I've got nothing to complain about those.I'd still recommend the game if you'll get it cheap. After a couple of months the game might be drastically different and better with more content. I've played the game for only 4 hours, but feel like I've seen everything there is to offer at this point."
76561198104760740,Recommended,238430,8340846,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,SpacePimp,I allow sweetest taboo to play this game because it is so fun. P.S. she the bottom ♥♥♥♥♥
76561197967346210,Recommended,238430,8324495,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,[ANL]herman,"Soooo much fun, If your a scardy cat like me this game will get your heart racing! Give it a go, its defiently worth the cash.."
76561198041918263,Recommended,238430,8325247,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,kdkrgs,Contagion is basically Payday but with zombies.
,Recommended,238430,8328155,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Epople,"This game is amazing, the PVP aspect is everything I would want in a zombie game. The mission are fun too, but only with friends. Need more people playing too."
76561198090822664,Recommended,238430,8329192,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Leeeroy Jenkins,#swag
,Recommended,238430,8329907,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Soul Vengeance,"Really enjoy this game, it's basically Left for Dead without the unlimited supply of ammo.  Even in early access, it plays pretty well."
,Recommended,238430,8329964,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,csgolive.com noot,"While other zombie games are struggling to impress us, gamers, Contagion stands out as a good game. It is not a zombie-slaying, arcade style shooter, it's a real simulation. There are always ways to have fun: pick out your smartphone, slay some walking corpses, rescue some survivors and so on. The A.I. is an improvement, because your followers run whenever you run (an unachieveble feature in modern shooters), zombies don't just stay there, in front of your bullets and more. The only thing that outruns my mind is why does a source game need more than 4 GB RAM? I mean, I know, the graphics are very good, but why?Anyways, this is one hell of a game! I watched it from the vey beginning, and I bought it between the first ones! Good job, Monochrome!"
76561198115940287,Recommended,238430,9871355,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,roguespartan,This is an awesome zombie game to play. It has come a long way since when I bought it and now it's just awesome.
,Recommended,238430,9871882,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,PolarBear,"Awesome game, lots of action and some scares."
76561198054726710,Recommended,238430,9872143,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Sir Bearicus,"Really enjoy Contagion, solo play is solid and team play is rewarding. 8/10 but with constant updates, expect that to go up."
,Recommended,238430,9874314,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,DrWaffle99,One of the best zombie games ever!
,Recommended,238430,9876073,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,ZaRii,"This game is AMAZING high graphics, great Physics... Some glitches but they will be fixed..."
76561198015147433,Recommended,238430,10238693,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,jerry4gsd,"Overall a fun game with a lot of promise.  Graphics are above average and I have not experienced crashes or other technical problems so far.  The point of the game and an in screen map to follow need to be inserted ASAP.  Of course, the game is still being tweaked so maybe that will come soon anyway?  Overall I would say give it a try if you like zombie horde type fun video games."
,Recommended,238430,10254048,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,CoKane,good online zombie game be one of the best is they sort out the aiming! its a nightmare shooting the zombies
,Recommended,238430,10254098,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,I Fucking Hate Group Homes,2 words... different... AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198028713428,Not Recommended,238430,10732311,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,xMercWolfx,"What a let down... I was excited when I saw the video of gameplay and was super stoked to play it! But, then I finally got it and tried tinkering with it.. THERE ARE NO CUSTOMIZABLE OPTIONS FOR CONTROLS!! You can't set run to click once then move a direction... nonononono.. you have to hold it down the entire time.. If you wanna aim at a zombie and you don't headshot them.. Good luck.. You'll spit ammo and kill nothing. If your good at headshots you might have a lil fun. But once they melee you you are now a drunken player with no ability to do anything right.. I could aim directly at their heads and fire but they'd hit me so my arm would practically spin me 360 degrees.. Melee is possibly the worst melee I have ever seen. Might as well be one hit per minute. The cell phone addition to the game was creative and unique, I liked it. There is no tutorial. Literally just throws you to the dogs (or in this case, zombies). Being super stoked I thought I would give it another shot, but it's just not possible.. Even the multiplayer (coop) wouldn't raise your chances of surviving long. When turning or running your screen shifts from left to right like your a staggering, blubberling baffoon. What the heck is that!? First State of Decay's lack of camera lock (which would have made it amazing) And every person you play becoming a dysfuntional motorist, to Conagion just flopping like a dead fish and you couldn't do crap.. Moral of the story.. If you want to play a unique, different game and you don't care about the actual playability of the game and you just want experience.. This game is for you. Seriously, these new games are developed to be  ""new and improved"" that give ""classic controls"" as an option but not options for classic play style.. If your'e gonna do something at least do it right... I want my money back... Left 4 Dead 2 is still the reinign champion of the zombie genre."
76561197989743049,Recommended,238430,10733579,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Lt. Waffles,"Pretty Swell Zombie game, survival, intense, and fun. Great to play with other people you know."
,Recommended,238430,10735573,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,PL,Contangion is what you would expect from a zombie survival game. Bullets are at an all time minimum and zombies are attracted by pretty much anything. The game is definitely fun when you are playing with the right group of players.
76561198136539750,Recommended,238430,10736396,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Blacksmiff,"Wow. for anyone sitting on the fence about this one, you should just go for it. the graphics are smooth, and you can play split screen. yes, it is fundamentally like left 4 dead, but its got SO MUCH MORE. I really feel like this should be a console title as well as a PC title. I dont know why this game isnt ranking in the 80's. maybe all of the naysayers should update the game to see what else is hot. its worth the  money.  the only bad thing is that you can BIND any KEY on the keyboard, but they have the nerve to make presets for the controller. it works well, but whats the point of playing a PC game if they treat you like a console player? definitely worth the money. enjoying it with the xbox pad."
,Recommended,238430,10738299,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Bran Banana Bran Bread,"Zombie Insurgency. You'll either like it or hate it; for the price of admission, I've gotten my entertainment and then a little. Prepare to get frustrated if your team doesn't work well, or if the player-zombies are more organized than you are. I encountered some latency issues, but nothing game breaking. Oh, and the occasional moonwalking zombie, but you just get to hum Thriller while drilling new cranial taps into them."
,Recommended,238430,10741089,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Renzokucant,"very fun with a group of people. Like Left 4 Dead, but less spray n pray."
76561198071623828,Recommended,238430,10741832,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,NicingSmooth,"at first glance i was hooked. playing this game made me relize that my mind was right. this game may have a few bugs but for not being compleat, it has a very smooth controll and you can really get into it"
,Recommended,238430,10754176,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Renyth,"As a long term lover of the zombie genre this nails everything just right. There's coop and pvp too and usually I hate pvp in zombie games since I like working with others and Resident Evil Raccoon City leaves a taste in your mouth akin to eating the rotting flesh of a badger with pus filled aids. But Hunted is an in intense as hell mode and the game in general is just endlessly fun with friends and strangers alike. A true zombie game in every sense. Any fan of old school zombies would like this too, They may be slow and easy to deal with alone but everyone knows that the zombies real strength is that they never tire or dwindle in numbers in the end."
76561198043681108,Recommended,238430,10754660,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,moronwithagun,"You know, I saw this on the Steam sale and bought it for me and my friends. For the price, I really wasn't expecting much. Boy did it deliver. It's a good, fast paced, atmospheric zombie shooter that is a less-cartoony brother to the Left4Dead franchise. There could be more gamemodes and maps, but for the price, again, I couldn't complain.3.5/5"
,Recommended,238430,10748957,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,MikeyD,Such a fun zombie game!
,Recommended,238430,10166041,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,OneJibmoNation,"Beats the *ISH* outta the L4D series. Much less ""arcade""y, yet not too much realism where it takes the fun out of it. You've got coop objective-based maps which are fun (only thing is they can be a bit confusing at first if you're new as far as what exactly you have to do, this game will not hold your hand through everything and give you hundreds of annoying popups and markers). Then you have a pvp + pve mode where you face against zombies in the environment as well as other players. You are not a human pincussion in this game like in others, one or two well placed shots WILL kill you. Death is permanant for the round in both modes, though you do spawn as a zombie that can blend in and behave just like all the others which is pretty fun stalking other players in the shadows and taking out that damned camper that just killed you! Unlike most mainstream zombie games, headshots are almost required to take down a zombie (but for the most part take them out in one hit)Graphics in this game for a Source engine game are pretty damn good! The team seems to have spent a lot of work with the basic mechanics/feel of the game where you can barely tell that it's Source. Weapon moves slightly with mouse movement (like in BF3/4 and Arma series), there are no crosshairs, you have iron sights. When you look down you see feet, no floating in the air over nothing like a lot of games like to do. Heads and limbs blow off of zombies where you shoot them, dynamic lighting/shadows, etc etc.I'm really surprised this game isn't more popular. The developers of this game are the same team that brought us Zombie Panic Source mod, so they're not a big dev company backed by big publishers (or even valve). Even though the game is released, the team is still working on bringing out more maps and content, and even a reworking of the current character models. Every friday they host a livestream on twitch where they talk to the community and answer questions which is pretty damn cool. You can tell they are an old school dev studio like Unknown Worlds and valve was back in the half-life 1 days where 99% of new content and features come out in free updates, so what you see here is not all you're going to get!"
76561197969437844,Recommended,238430,10169104,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Spook,"One of the few succesful & professional games to come out of the early access program.A great game - Think a more brutal, mission based L4D! Still needs a small amount of polish & a little more content but has come on leaps & bounds since it was released & is the game I keep coming back to when I'm wanting my gaming fix even over recent AAA titles.The developer support has been a standout feature also. I think the final release of the game, as they brought it out of beta stage was too early & I worried that this meant they were maybe giving up on the project like many others.... But it didnt - Not at all!The continued daily, weekly & monthly support only seems to have got stronger & new features, maps, zombies are being added weekly with a claim from the developers that there will be at least 1 major update per month of 2014. Currently these devs & ""Payday/Overkill"" devs are showing the industry how its done & really showing up the current state of big time AAA developers that seem to be getting lazier & lazier.All in all, it's a great game, great work & continued support by the developers!"
76561197991828116,Recommended,238430,10170193,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,MiNdSnAkE,"At $19.99 I don't think this is worth it. $9.99 still not sure. It's not a bad game, it's just meh."
,Recommended,238430,10174895,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,32,"First Impressions :This game is built on the Source engine and it really does run like a dream. Max FPS at all times @ 1920x1080. Very pretty / Smooth game.The zombies are the highlight for me, they are actually ♥♥♥♥ing creepy. If you use your ammo you're pretty much food so learn to aim and you should be fine.It's also cool that the maps are jam packed with zombies to shoot / be scared of. If you shoot a few times, the horde will follow your sounds and eat your face."
,Recommended,238430,10175412,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,CooperTeam,"Contagion isn't just another 3D First Person Shooter. This particular game is more of a ""What If..."" type game where you are put in a ""Zombie Infestation"" situation and you have to figure out what you would do under (such-in-such) circumstances. Each game only gives you limited items to start with and you have to look for other weapons and accessories as you progress into the game.The game itself offers single as well as multiplayer modes. Most of the multiplayer is about helping each other out, but if you are more of a ""Naw, you're on your own"", that's fine to. The game also offers many kinds of ways you can deal with the zombies as well as create strategies for yourself on how you can get by with only a monkey-wrech and a cell phone to start with.If you ever wanted to see what it's like to be in a ""Zombie Infestation"" world, this game offers that situation to you. Not a whole lot of areas to play with, but the areas themelves offer different ways on how you can handle the situation given to you. I will say that everytime I play, it's not easy avoiding the zombies at first while trying to find cool weapons, but once you do manage to find say a shotgun, and enough ammo, you're pretty much set for a while.One thing you will have to get used to is that there is no crosshair or targetting dot, you have to ""guess"" whether or not you are aiming perfectly. To me, that's ideal since even in real life, even if you get a gun, you don't automatically get a crosshair.Overall a good game that makes you think as well as teaches you how to survive a zombie infested world.(STRATEGY ALERT) Like they say in the movies, aim for the head, once shot to the head and that's it. Shots to the chest or limbs only slow it down as well as make it angry."
76561198038844316,Recommended,238430,10177838,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,HyperMario,"ZOMBIES, TEAM WORK, SURVIVAL, WALKING DEAD STYLE what more can you ask for in a zombie game"
,Recommended,238430,10550391,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Lt Corndog,this game made me itchy in my elbow and that gave me itchy elbow syndrome
76561198077893965,Recommended,238430,8545506,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,James Bondage,really great game and its only still in beta form but its really addictive and you will not get tired of playing this game i found it really fun and a chalenge at the same time i highly recommend this game
,Recommended,238430,8547753,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,blackdartq,this game is hardcore :)
,Recommended,238430,8523881,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Ticklish Wizard,"I'm a monster. A mere shadow of my former self.  A fever has come over me.   A fever for that feeling of euphoria from the perfect headshot, sending the ghoul's skull exploding into a thousand dank, moist pieces.  A fever for shooting seven shades of♥♥♥♥♥♥out of these abominations.  Left 4 Dead didn't quite cut it for me.  DayZ? Who needs it.  I'm a ♥♥♥♥♥ and Contagion is my cocaine.  I am a slave, and Contagion is my lord.  I highly recommend this game though, seriously."
,Recommended,238430,8526041,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Sparky,"This is quite an interesting indie shoort/survival game. The world is quite open with unique characteristics like the smart phone or breakable doors. However, there is a confined limitation to which doors can be accessed as well as the multiplayer still a little sacky. Overall, a very well made indie game that can keep on improving."
76561198010743274,Recommended,238430,8526150,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,deathincarnate2,contagion was good but i wish they would hurry up and finish it having only four levels sucks.
76561197961273037,Recommended,238430,8683629,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Mr. Floppy,"Not very fun by yourself, but if you get a couple of buddies playing together it can be pretty entertaining."
,Recommended,238430,7705409,"Posted: 20 November, 2013",all,Fawxsy,Buy it so we can like play.
,Recommended,238430,8323087,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Zenith,"This game is still in Early Access so don't expect the full package, but you're still going to have a lot of fun with the current content already in the game, so enjoy :D"
,Recommended,238430,8615248,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Sabre unikrn.com CME.GG,"More scary then Left for Dead.   not sure how but this game reminds me of the old doom in a good way, the stamina is very variable and you can easily find your surrounded by zombies and unable to escape fast enough"
,Recommended,238430,8659710,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,McDiZ,"Good zombie game, quite a good objective based game mode. Though would be better if i had more people on my friends list to play this game with! The zombies seem to be mimics of all the other in game playable characters currently, it would be good to see some randomisation in terms of this. Though it is still early access so who knows!Worth the price."
,Recommended,238430,8991917,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Mac DeMarco,"This game is quite good, though i'd call it a updated and improved version of Zombie panic source.I recommend it to anyone and everyone who Likes zombies and wants to help support Early access games"
76561198005451653,Recommended,238430,8996106,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,demonorgod,fun game^^
76561198103056211,Recommended,238430,9680364,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Mashed Po7a7o™,"This game is amazing, highly addictive online zombie fps! (The Best) would be great with a group of friends, and graphics are pretty crisp, very cheap, so alot of bang for your buck!"
,Recommended,238430,9226479,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Tupactopus,this game is really good the only thing is there are only 3 maps and it gets repetative after a while but they will be adding new maps in the future. this game at the moment i would recomend that u wait until they get new maps but then the price will most likely be raised... so its just comes down to if you are willing towait or just buy it now or wait
76561198049566880,Recommended,238430,9413006,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Yung Omari,"I've had this game for a while but i've just recently started to actually play it and I have to say, I love it. The graphics are suprising, as are the zombies. The zombie AI is incredible. One shot from your gun and the zombies are all over you or if you break glass or basicly do anything that makes a lot of noise. I also think that its pretty awsome that one shot to head kills any zombie. The zombies only walk and there aren't any (no offense to Left 4 Dead)stupid zombies that throw up or explode. The levels are great, too. My favorite is 'Extraction'. It's objective based and you are trying to get out of this prison that you're trapped in. But the other levels are also pretty cool. I do wish that there was a open-world mode to it but I understand the amount of time and money it takes to produce an open world zombie game. I comepletely recomend this game. It is still in the early access stage so don't to be disapointed if you find some bug in it or some minor glitch."
,Recommended,238430,8032356,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,franz1542,"Contagion is still on early beta however its dark scenarios and very little ammo to work with♥♥♥♥♥♥gets real when hordes are after you and there's only five in the chamber. Its levolution is actually pretty good with certain houses that you can only access by breaking windows. The horror of trying to run for your life when there is no ammo zombies smashing throughout doors and very little time to make your escape.There are 3 modes:EscapeExtractionHuntedAlso there are 3 MapsA PDA ParkAnd a NeighborhoodThere are very few glitches but nothing a patch can't fix. Add more game modes, maps and a story and maybe you got yourself  the next Resident Evil. Ok the game is still on early beta for a concrete judgement but mark my words just don't start from scratch the full game and you got yourself one of the best games of 2013-2014."
,Recommended,238430,9222565,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Moorhouse,Huuhhhh
76561198119586629,Recommended,238430,9314715,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,ChefCurry30,a really amazing zombie game. better tha day z
,Recommended,238430,9320923,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,ThatRandomGamer*Cuphead*,"Still in alpha or something. Right now its not worth the cash, but give it some time and im sure it will be just bareable"
,Recommended,238430,9183900,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,DreamWolfxx,"This is like L4D2, but even better i just hope there will be in the future co-op Gampaign game story line and little mixed like 7 Days to Die. But i do like team deathmatch or like survival mode. But i also liked the extraction mode but if this extraction mode can be mixed with the gampaing mode were you rescue npc players & your fellow team-mates also try to stay a live in the world of Contagion game =)"
76561198116803366,Recommended,238430,9671848,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Wise Knight,one of the best computer games i ever played no lie !!!!
76561198043076089,Recommended,238430,9673197,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Ricefield Marauder,Played with a friend for the majority of the time.  Did not live the team zombie killing but I did like the PVP.
,Recommended,238430,9229629,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Vito 🐙 Holo,When you can find a decent server this game is fun.  I love playing with the same 20 people who actually play this game.The only game mode that is fun is the PvP / zombie mode.
76561198009389605,Recommended,238430,9231142,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Maecker,"Great atmosphere and gameplay, I really enjoyed playing this game with my friends. I hope there will be more map and mode to keep us playing for a long time :)"
76561198008741749,Recommended,238430,9651729,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Nigella,"Most ""REAL"" zombie game you will come across. 9/10Bad Stuff:= Not enough playing this game= Maps too big (not enough players on maps)= 10 minutes of LFD2 will kill more zombies than 10 years contagion= Characters a bit too monotonic= No servers with more zombies or less= feels lonely :( (awwwww)"
,Recommended,238430,8227756,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Mr. Hoodie,this game is pretty fun it gets sorta boring after a while but i still like it and i love the new trailer
,Recommended,238430,9829594,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Warkarma,"Good game, its a shame it is still buggy on the release day. I was hoping they will fix all of the bugs. Tho, I still love this game. I got it for around £3 and I recommend to wait for a better deal, £15 is a bit over the top."
76561198058514505,Recommended,238430,9832387,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Killreaperz,"a great game to play with a group of friends, highly reccomend, had a great experience so far, especially now that its out of beta, couldn't be better"
,Recommended,238430,8980856,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,HunsonT,this games built on teammates if u play solo then u dont stand a chance
,Recommended,238430,9834908,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Co-codamol,"This game is pretty good, alright price and looks like it's going to be updated to a really good game.The only down falls are the jittery, blocky charactors and zombies. The rest is pretty good; good suspense while alone or in complete darkness! Still tonnes of fun even though I've not played much, but I still recommend.While in one of the house of one of the maps my music was synced completely with the zombies busting though the doors and me having to reload and search for ammo, moments like this make games for me"
76561198104666411,Recommended,238430,8627093,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,[KOT]Lord_Varion,"Im not one to write reviews on games, Becuase id rather play it and listen to my own opinion but i think its time i told u my opinion on this game.Pro's1.The Graphics are AmazingThe graphics are just simply amazing,ive played the game both at the lowest and the highest setting you can play at.Low at first becuase my laptop regretibly isnt the best and it ran at a steady 45 fps, and at the highest witch ran nearly 40 fps. I just love the way things look and the blood and gore is just FANTASTICLY done correctly.2.Multiplayer is fun and fluidNow this is probably the most contested topic in this game, But i found that the multiplay was extremely fun and fluid. I know sometimes the hitbox is funky but they fixed that (moreso then before).And i love how when u move left and right  you slightly lean, People complain about the speed you move at, Well i tell you what, If your surounded by zombies, Sometimes u dont want to Just Speed off past all of them, I think the slow movement speed is acceptable to the stealth aspect of this game. If you dont like walking to be somewhat stealthy then stfu and dont play3.The Sounds OH BOY the soundsWhen i first played this game it scared me S***less Multiple times, i hate being scared and getting jump scares sometimes, But its what makes the game so much better from other zombie games. The realistic sounds, From the gun shots to glass being stepped on, From hearing breaking doors and Zombie moans Every Sound Fits This Game Like It Should.Con's1.Map VarityAnother Very Contested subject in this game. Honestly I know the Game isnt finished and because i bought it on early access I KNOW its not going to be complete, But jesus christ people Its about Game Content and quality dont hate the game becuase it only has 4 maps (3 game modes) so far.2.Weapon SelectionMe i like useing any weapon, Be it a baseball bat to an Ar-15, Theres just not alot of varity (YET) But i do enjoy the way some weapons handle then others and i love how some have flashlights and others dont. What i dont like is that the ones with flashlights seem to be overall better then the ones without it.The game is unfinished and will be for awhile, If you do not enjoy a little more horror and realistic zombie type games then do not partake in the fruit.Overall I reccomend this game to you, its fun , Its differnt, And its true to the ""Zombie"", No Super fast Zombie or Evolved Zombie8.5/104/10/14As an update of today i think the game just released and its doing pretty damn well, New maps new weapons and alot of new♥♥♥♥♥♥in general the game is doing and running perfectly so now is the time to enjoy it 9.2/10"
,Recommended,238430,8975794,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Nine,"Although still a work in progress as I write this, Contagion is shaping up to be a very intense game. The developers are obviously placing the emphasis on quality front and center. What makes this game stand apart from Left 4 Dead to me, is the slow and deliberate pace of gameplay."
,Recommended,238430,9914421,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,bigkilla2012,its ok. it has been a while since i played it. but at that time it was a decent game. fun and well worth the cash. but that was some time ago. i say just watch some gameplay videos on youtube to see if this is your type of game! for me i give it a 7.5/10. solid gameplay michanics!
,Recommended,238430,9872279,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,1emonade,Amazingly fun zombie survival game.One of my favorite games in my library.
76561198054126891,Recommended,238430,9916217,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,Joat150,"Contagion is already one of my favorite games. I think the gameplay is perfect and the games only problem is a lack of maps (as of 4-24-14), which is a lot better than the gameplay not being solid. It's still being worked on heavily by its devs so more content will follow, and I can't wait for it :)"
76561198061542924,Recommended,238430,8236619,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,ArcaneCrumb,"I originally bought the game when it came out and gave it a bad review, but because it was early access I promised to keep track of the game and if warranted, would revise my previous opinion.  Well the game is really great now.  All of the performance issues have been ironed out, game runs excellent.  Very fun game modes, challenging using the guns without a crosshair to aid, but very fun and only adds depth to the amount of strategy involved.  I would highly recommend this game as a must have, whether you are new to the genre or a seasoned zombie killer survivalist."
,Recommended,238430,10803984,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Amber_Willow,"This is one of your standard zombie survival games, and if you're into that kind of thing, I'd definitely advise that you pick this up. You can either play as a zombie or as a human, and either is pretty satisfying. As far as casual multiplayer gaming goes, I'm pretty into it. Oh, and if you kind of suck at FPS, you'll feel pretty awesome when your aim improves out of necessity (as this game follows the ""shoot the head"" rule)."
76561198120666793,Recommended,238430,10766635,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Zombie,"Awesome zombie Fps, elements of realism and limited ammo make for a tense game when playing alone.....with friends strategy plays a huge part when sharing ammo and choosing which weapons you will use definite buy for fans of zombies or fps."
,Recommended,238430,10770449,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Waffle House's 3rd Shift Manager,"9/10 Very fun, and addictive, but a bit buggy at times. Other than that, I love it."
76561198004798428,Recommended,238430,9260796,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Ruination,"This is a great online game with no monthly subscriptions, chat to friends while killing zombie what could be better. This game comes with a new feature i havent seen before which is when you die you come back as a zombie and try to kill others.Good game, hours of fun,requiring team and sharing."
,Recommended,238430,9278760,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,LeeeRoy Jenkins!,"YOOOOO!!!! Don't pass this game up!!!  If you are into the zombie survival genre this game is for you!!!  Its still in beta mode but is scheduled for full release in April 14!  I don't do reviews but this game is nice!!!  There are different modes (survival, hunter, extraction, etc).  You and your team must work together or you can play hunter (I believe) and go against others.  Careful not to get bitten or you will turn into a ""walker"".  From there you can hunt down other players in the game.  VERY VERY VERY good  indie game.  I give it an 8.5 out of 10.  Once they get the bugs fixed this game will be a contender with other zombie genres."
,Recommended,238430,9279356,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,SkrilGamesify,"This game is realy good by some reasons:It has many game modes and they're all realy fun and goodThe fact that it's multiplayer just makes it better and more fun to play and communicate w/ othersI personally LOVE zombie games and this one is just great and fun to play, the control is good and  w/ friends it's even better"
,Recommended,238430,9279518,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Peanuts&JellyButter,Great early access game with great ptoential!
76561198104859170,Recommended,238430,9190594,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Bück Dich,any one know how change setting out side of the game ?
,Recommended,238430,9195747,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Gungrave,I played the game for a short while and overall I liked it to the point where its a little bit better than Left 4 Dead. 10/10Unlike other zombie games that try to imitate Left 4 Dead this one tries to stick to simple normal zombies and a great atmosphere that is complimented by some good graphics and the best flashlight effect I've seen in a game.Difficulty is more or less dependant on how many people you have playing with you so if you want to have a challenge go solo but thats not very recommended as some areas of the game has 10-20+ zombies rushing you and I had trouble managing them with me and 1 other guy without having to funnel them into a hallway.
,Recommended,238430,9295764,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Sir3rd Dimension,This game has some potentialbut needs much work to be done for. as well to get some new updates and ways to play it would improve its amazing style of a zombie game.
76561198028054006,Recommended,238430,9288643,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Jack the Tripper,"For a game still in its very early form...Contagion plays very very well. A friend of mine with a normal laptop was able to play the game with me just fine...a little tweaking to the settings did the trick...it may not have been quite as pretty, but the game ran well for him.So far the game does not sport a large variety of levels or game modes, but what it does currently have has been done very nicely. I could see right off that the devs know what they are doing here because what currently exist of this game is already fairly smooth and polished. I certainly look forward to further development of this game and I would certainly say it is worth the $15 price tag."
,Recommended,238430,9149651,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,El Rey,"This game is fun, sure the melee is a little useless, but i love it so far. i woke up at 2:30 on the weekend and then was playing til6:20"
76561198028143460,Recommended,238430,9149698,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Geejo Mozgus,Fairly challenging zombie-survival game. A great change of pace from the usual one-man army style of gameplay found in dead rising/ left 4 dead series.Also gives users a chance to be a part of a devoloping game and provide direct feedback to the creators! Not an experience you get with every game.
76561198079090915,Recommended,238430,9153349,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Bill Cipher,"Eh, it's one of those games where you'd kinda wanna play with friends for it to be fun."
,Recommended,238430,9153490,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,BOMBAKLAT (SWE),need more maps!!!
76561198108467237,Recommended,238430,8712823,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Zoey,"Overall I like What I see in this game so far. There are Bugs that need to be worked out such as floating zombies and or fps issues. But all in all the game modes are fun my personal Favorite being ""Hunt""  where you face off Against other players and zombies until the last man/Woman is standing. Well worth the money especially if the developers continue to work on improving this game.Also Kudos to the developers to making this one of the most realistic Zombie games I have played."
76561198064174766,Recommended,238430,9171558,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Hetfield,"Its still a new game,there are some bugs but the consept is great.It might seem like its a bit identical to Left for Dead but on top of that this game shows potential."
76561198057823925,Recommended,238430,9173965,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,R-VEX-GAMER/YouTube,real life zombie shooter that will blow you away
76561198148267131,Recommended,238430,11913276,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Not a Gay Bear,Great game just need more freinds to play with
,Recommended,238430,11913352,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Eidolonai,"After a couple of hours into this game i decided to give my opinion on it in review form to help others decide over the course of the free/sale weekend [may not be on sale during time of reading]. Upon my journey to the review page i found many negative reviews and it left me shocked. For starters i did not play this game during beta so i am unaware to its supposed negative changes from beta to release that most negative reviewers criticize.My first game in Contagion was a very positive experience, the other players helped each other and team work was apparent, but really I do not care for an online experience in a zombie game but rather its relation to gameplay, sound, and realism. So that is what i am going to cover.GAMEPLAY [8/10]: As a zombie enthusiast I would say Contagion plays like a proper zombie survival game and it is up there in terms of ideas and gameplay. Shots to a walkers head is exciting and fun, guns feel real and its a joy to use them all, melee weapons feel powerful and are great to use in order to concerve ammo though can feel loose at first, and above all the atmosphere is great. Bunkering down in a house to find supplies, rushing yourself as a horde bashes its way in downstairs is a stand-alone amazing experience. Most times I found myself breaking a window and jumping out from a height to save my life rather than be eaten by the horde. The objective based gameplay in Contagion is also refreshing. The game has a minimul HUD, adding to the immersion, with the use of a phone as your source for guidance [whether it be a map or other players 'texting' each other their accomplishments]. Players do not also have the fear of a lowering health bar, but also the risk of infection that can turn an online game upside down for the better, maybe even leaving your team in a panic. Overall the gameplay is great and i honestly would not change it for anything nor compare it to another game or mod.SOUND [7/10]: Sound design in Contagion is immersive and feels well put. Each gun has its own distinctive punch and sounds great put with the pop of a zeds head. However, sound related to melee can feel bland and does not seem to match the powerful feel of swinging a bat or axe, but nevertheless it works. Explosions are highly similar to most games using the source engine but are actually well put together [L4D being an example of 'loose' or 'laggy' explosions]. Atmospheric sounds and the groans of zeds are well placed and adds to the games immersion if wearing a headset. Breaking glass, banging on doors, and footsteps are other great sounds that adds to this games overall feel and atmosphere, causing an improved experience.REALISM [9/10]: Gameplay and sound in Contagion add to its realism intensively; however, it is the games atmosphere that makes it feel real. The level design in Contagion reveals the time and effort the dev team put into making the game. Zombies wonder the streets aimlessly and it is easy to make your way around the map in silence rather than running and gunning like most of todays zombie 'survival' games that they claim to be. The games lighting is dark and positively empty, causing the player to use the flash light which, at times, can be a pain that blinds the player but 8 times out of 10 it is an effective tool. Pickups in the game are randomly placed and can lead the player in finding items that are alien to them or endlessly searching for ammo. Overall the atmosphere of Contagion is bleak, dark, and quite scary if played correctly [no running and gunning]. It feels like an apoclypse has took place.If you're a zombie fanatic looking for an authentic experience, pick this game up. If you're a zombie fanatic looking for a co-op experience like L4D do not buy this, you will be dissappointed. If you're not a zombie fanatic, Contagion is a good starting point for you. The one thing I would like to see from this game is a supported community of modders that actively create maps and content to upload onto the workshop on a regular basis, creating endless hours of enjoyment. Overall Contagion feels real and authentic and it is the kind of objective based zombie survival game I enjoy with friends. I give this game an 8/10. For more questions, leave a comment and I will make sure to answer!"
,Recommended,238430,11913449,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,amd133mhz,"For 4.99 , you really can't beat it. It is a lot of fun."
,Recommended,238430,11913806,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Zeb,"Honestly liked the gunplay and the feel of the character running around.. but the scope of the game is too limited, I mean zombies can climb fences and humans cannot? dosent make sense?"
76561198001375976,Recommended,238430,11914157,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Skyline,Cockroach simulator 201410/10
76561198109612882,Recommended,238430,11914659,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,combatsmithen,"AMAZING. You must shoot the zombies in the head to kill them without pumping 3 magazines into their chest and sometimes you get jumpscared by a zombie. And the levels vary with doors blocked off that were open last match. you can get some really tense action when you are working with friends boarded up in a house and being swarmed by zombies in the fight for your life. Or if you are a lone wolf there is a gamemode called ""hunted"" where it is players vs. players vs. zombies where it is free for all but you can team up with strangers and hope they dont backstab you. 10/10 WOULD RECOMMEND!"
,Recommended,238430,11914911,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Snowy,I need people to play with. get it.
76561198089285423,Recommended,238430,11915712,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Sarx,"A nice take on zombie multiplayer. Left4Dead fans will love this!as a team player, sticking together means keeping alive and living longer! If you get a nasty scratch or bite though.. who knows, you might find your vision fading and heart beat a little faster than usual.. few minutes later and you will be a part of the Horde slaughtering the life out of your former comerades!Sick of having to wait til you respawn? - THEN QUICK! GO EAT YOUR MATES!"
76561198029709579,Recommended,238430,11915868,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,MrMunchies,it' a very good game i had so munch fun in this game it is cool zombie game
76561198041259585,Recommended,238430,11916289,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Darquarius,"This game, to me, has taken the basic Left 4 Dead style zombie shooter, and moved it to the next level. Escape mode is more realistic, with an onslaught of a never ending zed horde rather than waves, and Extraction mode, where you find other survivors and escort them to safety, is just awesome. Graphics are gorgeous, and with some adjustments to the default settings? My little Asus laptop runs it like a champ. 9/10"
,Recommended,238430,11916357,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,JaR,Very good game :D Fun to play with friends
76561197975359487,Recommended,238430,11916484,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Savage,"So if it wasn't due to the F2P weekend, myself and my mates probably would have never heard of this, and put it down to a 'risky purchase' title, due to its price when it's not on sale. Thankfully, after getting into this game with a couple of mates, I have to say this has been the best co-op experience I've had for quite sometime.Now, this is based on my experience with two other mates, on TS. Not random people, which is something I don't do. So my opinion/review may not apply to those who are looking to play this with randomers, and I can say this is a game you don't play on your own as it's heavily geared towards a co-operative experience, and that's a good thing.Gameplay: Overall, the experience was very enjoyable. There is a lot of 'immersion' going on coupled with the excellent quality of sounds that make things intense. We found it most enjoyable with the Escape mode which, in my opinion, is the games main selling point and I think the developer should strongly consider developing this mode further as it does need to be fleshed out with more maps. Right now there is only a limited few actual Escape maps available and I'm not entirely sure how much the game randomises the rounds/maps but I'd imagine not by a lot.The game is very well paced and you find yourself never wanting to go back to the horde mechanics of L4D with it's fast zombies. The zombies here are much slower, but in a strange sense, much more deadlier. Your ammo is limited and getting attacked by zombies can result in an infection. It also adds greater tension to gameplay when your backed up in a corner, limited ammo and trying to fend off an encroaching horde. I do feel the game needs some balancing in terms of the infection mechanic during co-op. Because infected players can keep on coming at you, and at you, and your ammo supply is very limited in this game. It does change the pace a lot when that happens, forcing the players to hurry, but some sort of balancing might be needed there. Perhaps a longer respawn time for infected players?Map Design: The maps, despite the small amount of Escape ones, are very well done. The ones we did, Biotech and the Police Department one, are very large. Our game session in the PD one was 66 minutes long. The only thing holding this game back is the lack of similar maps. I would love (even pay) for a good quality large map-pack.Sound: If there's one thing I can say I like best about Cotagion, it's the sound. The sound is very impressive and very underated in any reviews I've seen. Coupled with the excellent music and the backdrop of high quality zombie moans, you've got yourself a terrifying experience. The weapon sounds are also impressive which is surprising considering so many top studios fail at producing good quality sounds. I can't stress enough that the sound quality in this game is by far the best I've seen in most other games I've played.Graphics: I've seen one review that called the graphics in this game 'dated'... I laughed. They're not AAA graphics by any sense of the imagination, but they are not decades old either. The graphics do their job. I would say they are a cut above the average but I've not heard any complaints from my mates who've tried it out and I can't say I've got any complaints either.Overall I'd recommend this game. I've gotten this game on sale at 75% off. I think if the game had more maps, and considering its geared towards co-operative play, I'd say it would then be worth the original price. Then again the counter-arguement to that is your apparently getting all future DLC and content for free? If that's the case then the original price may not be so bad, but the developer doesn't make it clear, or at least, I can't find it, on where or what future dlc might be in the works other than what's listed on the front page."
,Recommended,238430,11917107,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,BlankTarantula,"This game is so great, eight out of eight mate. Please wait whilst I procreate to this awesome creation."
,Recommended,238430,11917834,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,ADAM-online,"I'm not a huge fan of this genre, but actually enjoyed the free weekend on this. good fun co-op, and the game doesn't end when you die, which was a laugh."
,Recommended,238430,11918301,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Ganniix,"Its a cool zombie game that's different from L4D for a change.Similiar to a Zombie Panic feeling to it.You play with friends & you have missions & objectives to complete & survive.The maps are pretty good, the size & look is good & pretty explorable."
,Recommended,238430,11919155,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Gaffer - Charlie,This game is extremely fun
76561198114966273,Recommended,238430,11919591,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Jennie Talia,"This game is seriously good, i don't care what anyone else says. I have played this for ony 37 minutes on the free to play weekend thing and i HAVE ALREADY BOUGHT IT! Buy it now while it is 75% off. It is the best ombie survival game i have played yet."
76561198144346293,Recommended,238430,11919629,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,[FS] Specs,LOVED IT
76561197970493807,Recommended,238430,11920140,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Bladewind187,"Think left4dead at half speed with limited ammo and no safe rooms.-slow moving zombies that can be killed with one bullet to the head and can be avoided by keeping to the shadows but come at  a fast shamble if you make to much noise or they spot you, and there is always a zombie behind you, also these zombies can climb!!!-Randomly placed guns and ammo mean that you need to search everywhere.-I quite enjoyed the game, it will probable be more fun with friends. The guns have a good meaty feel to them and not having an auto-reload made you have to pay attention when getting attacked"
76561198048163347,Recommended,238430,11937659,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,sexy uncle,its really fun and envolves alot of teamwork or survial instincts i enjoyed it alot.
76561198023210137,Recommended,238430,12008705,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,AboxVblinkA,"If you love to play games to enjoy them for what they are meant to do, then this game is amazing. This is not developed by a company like DICE or Treyarch. Graphics are not as important as good solid gameplay. The concept is simple make a game like left 4 dead but add more creepy feelings. There are not many maps but objectives and items spawn differently each game. Plus they are adding two FREE DLC packs, both with new maps. If you enjoy survivor horror, or left 4 dead, then you will love this game. It's that simple. What contagion does, it does well."
76561197972332835,Recommended,238430,12001559,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,tskr2,A little more in-game direction would be nice.
76561198143057079,Recommended,238430,12005894,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,-Wv- Pigehz <(^(oo)^)>,"This game is basically the only one I play. Mainly because i don't have any other games, but oh well. This game has a variety of gamemodes, but it mostly consists of being survivors, getting supplies and ammo, various items you need and progressing through the game. But if you die, you can become a zombie and kill those a**holes who failed to defend you. I really enjoy it because if you've ever played turned on black ops two, it was disappointing, and this is a better version of it in my opinion. IF you don't have it, GET IT>"
,Recommended,238430,11937712,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Dinoworld112,"Very fun game best played with friends you play loads of diffrent game modes and you even get to play as a zombie, nothing stupid like special  infected the  zombies  are done correctly <3"
,Recommended,238430,11938386,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Fumatu',best zombie game ...not ever  :))
76561198118324187,Recommended,238430,11938531,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Shalopy,"I think the game is worth buying for the weekend deal, but I wouldn't buy the game for the full $19.99. It is a well done game even though some things are not the best. People should appreciate this game for what it is. A zombie survival game. The graphics are pretty good. A downside is that it doesn't show you the controls, although there are many helpful people in the game. I would reccomend this for the $4.99 weekend deal, maybe even $9.99. But $9.99 is a streach. If you bought the game during the weekend deal, it's more that worth it. I'm not the biggest fan of zombie games but this game, I've been waiting for a while."
76561198012821913,Recommended,238430,11938575,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,hawk9345,"actually really liked it. so much you can do and i love the way that if you get bit you actually turn in this game unlike most of the zombie games, plus you get to actually play as a zombie from that point and on."
76561198148031023,Recommended,238430,11939381,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,mistabla07,"This game reminded me a lot of Left 4 Dead. Especially when you play panic mode. I like that this game gives you the option of open world or objective based gameplay. The graphics aren't anything special (the requirements should tell you that), but I never thought that they were bad or distracting. If you like killing zombies, this is a good game to check out. Plus, it's cheap :)"
76561198044253233,Recommended,238430,11939564,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,GIJose,"Realy good, sound game,"
,Recommended,238430,11939819,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Homie307,10/10
,Recommended,238430,11939888,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,TheLegend27,Sus
76561198034782971,Recommended,238430,11939951,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Doctor Innocuous,"Im not sure why but everyone seems to think Contagion is a horrible game. Its really not. Most of its problems are technical, the game itself is very fun. It creates a level of chaos and fear ive never seen another zombie game make. Keep in mind im not even a big zombie fan, i just like this game in particular. The zombies come from all directions, destroying doors, windows, and any people that get in their way, you know those scenes from 28 days later... basically that. You have to get headshots (like any true zombie killer and they are pretty terrifying. Although certainly not game of the year, i think it did what it was trying to do. 8.5/10 (mostly for technical problems)"
76561197992305004,Recommended,238430,11941139,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,slutty slut,this game is AMAZING!! i would buy it if i could for $5 but i was a few hrs late. :(
,Recommended,238430,11941621,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,✪ ecks dee,You can kill your friends. What's not to like?
76561198119552954,Recommended,238430,11992979,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Sir Grape Juice,i like the game but it can even load i paid $20 they need to fix it soon
,Recommended,238430,11993072,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,solid,"Some people don't like this game for who knows what reasons, so I'm going to do a quick rundown.Yes, it is a zombie game. Like Left 4 Dead, just without pills being thrown at you. And tanks. Oh Lord, the tanks.In the beginning, the title screen, for me, even that was ominous. The title music, the background, everything. Twas spooky.The mechanics are kinda like CoD, with the crouching helps aim, and iron sighting, and the v to melee thing. Yes, we get it. It's like CoD.The inventory system is very realistic. None of the characters have backpacks (at least I haven't noticed one), which means you can only carry 4 items. Preferrably, keys, melee, pistol, and rifle.The zombies, seeing there is no special infected, range from slow as a wet week, to track runner zombies.The players side is cool as well, seeing that you will need health as it goes on, and that once you die, you don't respawn. No resupply closets, nothing. Although you can become a zombie once you die, or if no player zombies are enabled, then you'll become a kawaii little insect. Naww, cute :DAll in all, Contagion is a good game. The corpses don't usually lag you out, and you can get blood and gore in it. What more could you want?10/10. 10/10 100/100 best game. best game"
,Recommended,238430,11994011,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Saburx,"So fun, hard but fun. Maps are massive, and it never gets boring. Good job"
76561198072806682,Recommended,238430,11987679,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,LSD Camping,"Absolutely awesome. Only gripe is that melee weapons, like the fire axe should do more damage. I understand hard is meant to be hard but A firaxe to the skull should wreck them."
76561198037826736,Recommended,238430,11970447,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,=GR=Mourlegolas,"Awesome survival co-op zombie, I really like the teamplay it offers and friends you make. Kinda like Left 4 Dead 2 -because of the Source engine it utilizes- with more survival and open world put into it ! Just my fav  !!!"
,Recommended,238430,11964560,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Name,contagion is a good zombie game
,Recommended,238430,11968565,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,-echo-,"Great to play with friends via skype, simply a really fun coop game. A bit disapointed on the graphic tough, but once you get a hang of the game you dont care about it anymore!"
76561198086842830,Recommended,238430,11942326,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Drcarbine117,fun
,Recommended,238430,11943543,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,jboydgolfer1,"Good times with a few friends, and a few beers :)"
,Recommended,238430,11940130,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,[ShtokerBox] Daemon,its ok
,Recommended,238430,11955835,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Clockwork,Good concept but needs work and refining.
76561198090704538,Recommended,238430,11955899,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,dazzahaze,good game.
,Recommended,238430,11959116,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,MrWiggl3,It is a good game i had hours of fun on it. But it could be made better if it had a free roam sort of aspect. If you watched the trailers and you think it is free roam its NOT...
76561198067204970,Recommended,238430,11962259,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Riyo Hydronis,"Great game. If the zombie apocalypse would happe, this game would be the closest comparison"
,Recommended,238430,11962422,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Charming_Prism,Totally Rad Bro!
76561198088821539,Recommended,238430,11962670,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,dbowker,Not bad for $20 I think. Compared to some other of the zombie games on steam I enjoy playing this one.
76561198054296290,Recommended,238430,11962726,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,♪ Ṃє๏ฬ ṃเא ♪,"PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE buy this game! it's so worth it!!! so fun! like l4d but with more story and more diversity, i love it!"
,Recommended,238430,11950368,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Dope Kitty Sniper,Where can I reach the extra copies if I bought the 4 pack?I cant seem to access them in any way.
,Recommended,238430,11950651,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,OPGrizzly,"It's not half bad. I think with several friends playing it would be optimal (and that by oneself this game is likely rather boring), but the graphics are reasonable and the gun sounds are really great... I guess what I'm saying is it passes at the $5 mark at which I bought it."
,Recommended,238430,11953309,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,KingTentacle [TLS],"ONLY RECCOMENDED IF ON SALE WITH AT LEAST 50% OFF.This is a reasonable indie game, its hard and unforgiving.it has a fair learning curve and has a lot of issues that need ironing out.TBH this game is still beta quality, few maps and lacks polish.and with the $20 price tag it really does need to have a proper campaign not just skirmish maps.i got this for the multiplayer PVP and while it is somewhat fun, it too needs a lot of work.the game is not horrible, and is worth a play, but as said as long as its heavily discounted."
76561198134995854,Recommended,238430,11953384,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Deathpunch227,"I really dont understand the bad reviews, I for one love the game. Its great to play with friends or by yourself. There is really no rush to do the objectives so you can just explore the large maps for gun and weapons. There is an aspect of challenge to the game and an occasional jump scare. All around good time."
76561198129708539,Recommended,238430,10676759,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Sicario,"Horrible lag in this game, makes it impossible to play. Would be fun, neat new idea and take on a zombie breakout, but I'm unable to play it"
,Recommended,238430,11920303,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Zarfu,This game is by far one of the best and interesting games i have played so far!
,Recommended,238430,11920315,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,black timmy turner,"I haven't experienced this game much, but what I've experienced was great. The game is fun and has different gamemodes that you wouldn't see in most zombie games. Hunter or Hunted, its a tough world."
,Recommended,238430,11920984,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Tweaklab,"Oh man... I always hoped that one day there'd be a George Romero (or for the current generation, The Walking Dead) style zombie game similar to Left 4 Dead but with the slower, traditional ""shambler"" style zombies, and this is it. I have not felt this uneasy playing a video game since Resident Evil on the PSX when I was 11. Perfect balance of ammo to zombie ratio, 50 odd bullets don't do much when you get boxed in by 10 zombies all at once, and it's great to see a zombie game where a headshot really is a headshot, and if it isn't, it's because you missed. Get it. NOW!"
,Recommended,238430,11921074,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Nutella,"well this game is cute, fun in some ways but i didn't like it like the orginial one that exist as Zombie PANICthis game is really good on his way but not as i expected from this."
,Recommended,238430,11923774,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,FerrousVulpine,An Unholy Child  Left of dead and Resident Evil
,Recommended,238430,11926213,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Upstage,"Love this so much !!!It is scary, earie, violent and action packed9/10"
,Recommended,238430,11926483,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Bye.,"Its okay I guess but there are major points where it needs improvement like how long you can run, health regeneration, and movement speed thats all the things that stand out to annoy me"
76561198144573843,Recommended,238430,11926531,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,PapaCute,yes i love it
76561198065919870,Recommended,238430,11926584,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Uncle Parrot,"Game has potential, not enough people play it."
76561198048501820,Recommended,238430,19416839,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Rain7905643,Could be much better.......
,Recommended,238430,19670838,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,MrPizza79,"Such a cool game, where do I begin? A survival horror, apocalyptical pleasant surprise! Play this with friends and you just might have a chance at surviving an actual zombie apocalypse, but remember... stick together."
,Recommended,238430,19643291,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Pachester,"its a nice game, nice graphics but if you get hit you are bitten"
76561198077321647,Recommended,238430,17587201,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,\VAC| Dante :),"It's a great game, especially when playing with friends,great sound effects,great mods,the engine...well,source,you should already know, well, great game over all!"
,Recommended,238430,19683959,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,N'AWLINS,"It just feels like another FPS zombie shooter, where most of the time spent is running around poorly constructed maps, trying to find a door. I have played this occasionally over the years it has been in development and never really saw anything new from it. I think it is more for the patient person that enjoys meticulously, slowly walking through maps trying to find hidden things. Not much shooting in this game. I still upvoted it because I don't think it's fair to downvote a game that doesn't meet my style. I hope it gets better soon!"
,Recommended,238430,19674917,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Adequate™,"I Love this game, i really love it.I Feel like it needs more advertising.Contagion is a hardcore survival game that every bullet counts,  you dont need food or water but you really need ammo to survive. it has various big maps and really good objectives to keep you focused for a long long time.Devs, please keep updating this game and find a way to advertise it more!"
76561197972234981,Recommended,238430,20132014,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Bott Jeff,Gotta love the play zombies that crouch in the bushes !
,Recommended,238430,20223948,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Steven x Marrisa,breaking news! newer pcs are horrible!im on a 2015 pc and it lagswhile before i was on a 2001 pc and i was playing it during a free weak i was at 560 fpsFIVE HUNDRED AND SIXTYnow im at 3-10 fpsthough while i was able to play it it was very fun and i whished to play it again and here i am playing it again...lagging
76561198066771096,Recommended,238430,17452637,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Volcanoice,"Bought this during Early Access. Does a few things differently then alot of the similar zombie games out there that have come out in recent years. Not the best game mechanically wise, but based on concept and gameplay it stands out from the oversaturated crowd of zombie and survival games and is great to play with friends. Escape mode is fun and the twist with players turning into zombies when they die is a neat idea. I'm not big on Steam Workshop, but I like the content the game brings to the table."
76561198205741779,Recommended,238430,19976894,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,ChickenNuggets,"What a shame. I really was excited about this game and I didn't read any reviews before I bought it way back when. And I only have .4 hours because it wasn't what I expected at all. The game itself isn't bad, but it could've been way better. The trailer made it seem like it was going to be way better than Left 4 Dead or something. I would recommend it if you like types of games like this but purchase it when it's on sale. Otherwise, don't waste your time."
76561198069456132,Recommended,238430,20022061,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,DJ LO BUGIT,Playing this game with a headset is the  only way to go!!!
76561198062505974,Recommended,238430,20061893,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Superhuman081,The game it not run and it have like could not load library client
,Recommended,238430,20260842,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,A Toxic Potato,The game is an incredible zombie game for LAN parties.
,Recommended,238430,22509576,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,de reel snek (not salty),"Contagion is a very good game. Unfourtanetly, itt's another one of those games that you need friends to get the most enjoyment out of it. The game modes could use some more variation, but it's pretty good for what they have now. The only thing that would make me play this more is bots since this is a multiplayer oritented game. Otherwise, fun game mechanics. Fun to play as the humans or zombies, and I especially love how you can control a horde and infect other survivors. Extremely fun.$WEG 360NOSCOPE FURGOTZ. JAFAR FROM AFAR WILL BOMB YOUR CAR."
76561197960452885,Not Recommended,238430,9825952,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,[RWTD]Ghost,"Owner/""lead dev"" would rather whine about problems with his life than fix the game.  Majority of the team abandoned him because of this and now we are stuck with a unfinished product that somehow made it to be released.   A real shame because it did have a lot of potential.  Shame it was ruined by extreamly poor leadership."
76561197983896007,Recommended,238430,17682480,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,PurpleNurpleSkurpleTurple,"The game is great, I have a good pal that I play the game with and we have been going strong for 80+ hours so far, on and off, but no real complaints other than the fact that 8 people can be in a game at once and take up all the guns or run ahead, but the rest is great!"
76561198076138223,Recommended,238430,11592633,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,_Krissel,"The new updates made this game really good. I would ignore most of the negative reviews, because they were written before all the updates happened. If you are looking for a more tactical L4D or just for something to blow of steam you are good to go. I played many hardcore survival games and zombie games, but this is really one of the better ones. It's like a mix between L4D and State of Decay (Both I liked alot)."
,Not Recommended,238430,7658017,"Posted: 14 November, 2013",all,== RVN == gorronegro,"Really fun times with this game, i recommend it, hunter mode doesn't make sense and is the funniest one to play, also maps are really randomized to the point that you can't trust memory to find a getaway.Edit as of 5th may 2016:Looks like the development team had some serious issues which will probably slow down updates a lot if any new updates come out at all, all of this wouldn't be an issue, but i think the ZPS spirit (which led me to buy the game in the first place) is gone.To put an example, the guy who made ""barlowe square"" is not part of the development team of this game anymore, so... yeah... you get it."
76561198089488251,Not Recommended,238430,13940396,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Fameus,cant play 0/10 recommended for all
76561197997074003,Recommended,238430,7583624,"Posted: 6 November, 2013",all,< ✘ BLANK ✘ >,"I bought and installed the game, when i go to play, I get the usual ""first time setup"" routine, but it never gets pass step 1 of 7.. I even left it on all night, hoping maybe it just likes to take its time... does anyone know how to fix this? and please... DO talk to me like a person that doesnt understand computer talk.. Cause i truely dont :)"
76561198150530658,Recommended,238430,30581762,Posted: 17 March,all,GREGO,great game when you have full players that you can work with
,Recommended,238430,13689156,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Spaghetti Again dude,Zombies.
76561198018569069,Recommended,238430,8449448,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Kobras,"Updated review, I've played this for a while now and recently came back to it after 6 months or so.  From the hours played, you can probably tell I've got my money's worth.  I'm not sure what all the whining on here is about.It's 100% accurate that there are not a lot of players for the game online.  There are about 50% fewer players than when I played it before.  However, for the most part the players that have been on there have been decent.  Generally, the fewer the players, the more cooperation you get as in ammo exchange and help.As far as development, I came back after 6 months and the game does have a couple more player models, more guns, more game modes and added maps.  So, it doesn't seem like the developer is sitting back and doing nothing.  I also dont rate a game based on developer hate, I just judge it on if the game has had new things added to it.  It has.They may need to evaluate some of the maps, because as others have noted, there are some issues with some opf them.  I noticed on the mansion escape map that players can hide behind a shop light in the attic and no one/zombies can really get to them.  That's an easy enough fix, just remove the shop light from the attic.I mentioned this a year ago and I still believe that there needs to be some sort of visual indication of what type of ammunition you are carrying.  I think this would give a visual clue that players (especially new ones- yes they are out there!) need to drop ammo they can not use for other players.  Either that, or the ammo they have horded should start to weigh them down somehow.If you buy the game on sale and play it for a while, I think it's well worth the money.  I've played it a long time and will continue to play it on and off.  I've had a lot of fun cooperating with others on escape (Although IT IS much more fun with two or three players than with eight) and hunting down other players while dodging zombies on Hunted.Is it as smooth and polished as Left for Dead 2?  No way, but it is a different type of game.  Contagion is creepier and slower than Left for Dead and I would say the paths are not as forced (which obviously leads to confusion and occasional panic).I still recommend this one on sale."
,Recommended,238430,12423017,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,MetalNeverDies,"So I came back and played a bit more of this game, and I'm glad I did. I was a bit unfair to it previously. Let me go through the pros and cons with you.PROS:Has a few features I've always wanted to see in a zombie game. If you're killed by a zombie, you become a zombie. (This ties into a con I'll mention later). The game handles quite well, with responsive aiming and true first person. Guns in the game are well handled, if perhaps they don't quite feel powerful as they should. The sound design for the guns, however, is excellent, everything sounds as it should.The game mode ""Escape"" is quite entertaining and worth a few hours of your time, at least.CONS:Player zombies are overpowered as♥♥♥♥♥♥ End of story. There is a lot of times where objectives are very unclear, and you can spend upwards of a half-hour searching for an objective. The AI is utterly broken and nonfunctional in some points. For zombies it works well enough, but for survivors it's completely brain-dead. AI survivors will shoot each other in the head if they cross each other's lines of fire, they will become stuck in place, and they will teleport off the map and scream ceaselessly for no apparent reason. Not to mention the whine and ♥♥♥♥♥ incessantly with the same two lines to the point of driving you mad.End score is a 6/10. If you're bored and have an excess of money, this is not the worst game you could add to your library."
,Recommended,238430,17420014,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Kinoshi ™,"Yeah, this is not your average zombie shooter game. This game is way deeper, the systems are incredibly well built, you NEED to work together to survive or... In my favorite game mode, called Hunt, it is a mode Player vs Player, where you need to find weapons and ammo to hunt/defend against other survivors and player zombies.This game is a must-have for zombie lovers :)Altho, it is a little laggy and buggy, but it is being fixed with every patch/update.9/10, Recommended."
76561198032779370,Recommended,238430,16024776,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Hillary Clinton,dhufu
76561198095029302,Recommended,238430,19086692,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,EPICWARHEAD,fun
76561198011971261,Recommended,238430,17740286,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,warlord427,"Not zombie game fan untill i could cut them in half with a shotgun through a door, pretty hooked after that :)"
,Recommended,238430,17671328,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Provs,One of the best zombies games I have play 6/10
,Recommended,238430,17678660,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,MrKasyUstinov | Idle-Empire.com,"I really like this game with Multiplayer.I don't really playing singleplayer, i was thinking they could add AI survivors in singleplayer or Multiplayerit's just 10/10 rating.How i survive: i use guns when hordes come, i use melee weapons first, i barricate doors windows shortly, i stealth sometimes.Easy 10/10Normal 8/10Hard 6/10Extreme 4/10"
,Recommended,238430,13720300,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Lenny The Janitor,amazing survival game love it :)
,Recommended,238430,14072527,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,ZeForgotten,"I would honostly reccomend the game to people that look for a round to round survival type of game, In PvP mode you basically spawn in find some guns and supplies and try to kill other players to win the game, while the zombies aspect is still in there. When you die you get the option to play as a zombie which is also fun, All in all the game is pretty good besides the repetiveness 7.5/10"
76561198082250655,Recommended,238430,14076395,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,frozen north,"Contagion is a very good game, and I tend to find that i can come back day after day and still have fun. That said, I dont usually spend more then an hour or two a day playing this game because of the hand full of faults that cause some problems with gameplay.pors:+very fun to play after you get the hang of the game+the fact that zombies can be killed similar to most other zombie games results in a shallow initial learning curve+the zombies pose a real threat. player zombies even more so (yes, you can be a zombie)+different weapons need different types of ammo, forcing players to share supplys+loot is generated randomly unless it is preset to spawn at a specific area+most situations can be solved through a bit of good teamwork+the game is affective at creating a scary atmosphere+controls are very effective and responsive+graphics are very goodcons:-zombies are subject to a handful of bugs that ruin immersion-good teams are rarer then winning the jackpot at the lottery-escape and extraction can a bit repetive-hunted is really just a contest to see who plays the most call of duty-lack of weapon variety (total of 3 pistols, 2 smg's, 2 shotguns, etc...)-all to often, people fail to realize that not all ammo works in the guns that there carryingpoints of interest:-feels like a more polished version of no more room in hell, although that game is free-a free dlc pack is supposed to be realesed that will include new weaponsOverall the game is very good. The games flaws do cause some problems but not enough to ruin the game. Most of my problems with the game are centered on the lack of attention and teamwork among a good chunk of the playercommunity. Focusing on the game and the quality of the game on its own, contagion deserves a solid 9/10."
76561198051762462,Recommended,238430,13403405,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Tuffy,"It's a good game to play with friends, there are alot of weapons to use and ammo is not really a problem depending on the level. In online maps you can play with friends and sometimes near death you can become infected and then you other mission becomes clear spook you buddies when you turn and kill them! Two words.... WORTH IT!"
,Recommended,238430,13595373,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,That's Left.,"not bad,playable!"
,Recommended,238430,13596460,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Scary Terry,Very fun game! great modes!
76561198162415408,Recommended,238430,14753814,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,GalacticWhaleX,"Great Game! Me and my friends play it together all the time! The only problem is joining your friend's game. It always says error or Can't Connect. Otherwise, the game is fun and zombie-full"
,Not Recommended,238430,8311522,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,radGeist,"Contagion is a fun game. My only problem with it is that there is barely any content. It's really fun with friends but I stopped playing because there's just not much for me to come back to. From what I've seen, there are supposed to be content updates, so hopefully i'll be able to return someday."
76561198078299443,Not Recommended,238430,18079752,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Nukke92,"$20 nah dude. Free to play or as high as $9.99but other than the price, not a bad game at all!"
76561197992004215,Recommended,238430,17452848,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Karl Childers,"Cool game, great fun. I like the hunted game mode best, but the others are equally good."
,Recommended,238430,16913804,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,judgemule,a lot better than dayZ
,Recommended,238430,16883202,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Sapphire Smith,"Detailed, but difficult. For those of you out there who love to succeed, this game might not be worth it. It is still an amazing zombie survival simulator, but it can sometimes get a little too intense. I often find myself cornered by zombies with nothing but a golf clup and a colt with 6 rounds, which often leaves me frustrated. While strategists and ""Players"" would love this game, I find myself playing easy mode on single player because I'm a total wuss. All the official and unofficial servers I find are set on Hard and I can't find anything that's up to my speed. While this will probably be fixed sometime in the future, I consider this game for the REAL gamers."
,Not Recommended,238430,10731352,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Dr Knox,"This USED to be my favorite game. Then you stopped updating the antihack. Now theres no game without a hacker barreling through to ruin the game. Thanks, it's unplayable and you deserve losing your jobs. Short sited."
76561198046055146,Recommended,238430,17396097,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,xI Voltaic Ix,"Is pretty on edge at times, fun to play. 6.5/10"
76561198043152165,Recommended,238430,15137512,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,x979x,"TKS FOR FIX UPDATE :Dwas cant find ammo n weapons but now is fix it!!! tks guys!NOTE: the new SCAR weapon need red aim crossair... iron sight is very badPlease: fix bug shadow players on floor, need map and VOTE KICK for cheaters wall hack, hack inventory ammo31-03-2015EXCELENTE survivor online !! 9/ 10una mezcla entre infestation, day Z, y counter strike (pero con mira real boton secundario) con la adrenalinda de cuidarse de los zombies y humanos como gay z y recolectar armas + la velocidad del cs multiplayersi te neutralizan podes jugar como zombie muajajajavarios modos de juego, para mi el mejor el caceria, hunted mode"
76561198088994417,Recommended,238430,17576141,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,BubblesV2,"11/10 perfect, cant find anything wrong with the game! besides the lack of workshop content at the time being, but that will increase with time. Great Game!"
,Recommended,238430,17478865,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,mrmrwinter,better than a kick in the teeth
,Not Recommended,238430,8238833,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Make Me A Sandwich,"Never really made itself different from other zombie shooters, except in a more frustrating way."
76561198079085211,Recommended,238430,17536831,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,THE.PREDATOR8790,just a short review. 27 hrs on playthe good.pretty decent gameplaygood graphicsdecent weaponsthe bad.the multiplayer online realy sucks  bad the servers are♥♥♥♥♥♥to many bugs sometimes.the reason i recommend the game is for the splitscreen co op playing with a friend at splitscreen is realy fun
76561198105187989,Recommended,238430,8369792,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,GERxHood,its the best zombie game ever .................
76561198114334980,Recommended,238430,17149467,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,dudypoody,This game is devloping a lot in a good way. You just get a different feel when playing it because its not like other zombie games. This game a good future in my view.
76561198004387061,Recommended,238430,16575379,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Joeska,Played every mode in this game its really good for what it is.My pet peave for this game is on certain game modes its like every zombie knows where you are.Guns are loud and realistic and you really need to use your shots wisely its not like l4d when everyoe is a expert shot.3:14 am heard a really weird sound from my room or out side it was actually scary didnt sound like a car or person help...
76561197985354787,Recommended,238430,11943847,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,JadenCat,"Great game. Not the best zombie game but for $5 a definite steal. With more maps on the way it should be even better.I have to say that the strongest point of the game is playing co op in escape mode with 1-3 friends, specifically the roanoak pd, biotec and streets maps where you can spend an hour or more getting to the end.  I like how it doesnt force NPC allies on you and that you can split up to search for weapons and ammo a little bit without being in too much danger. The holdout mode was fun but I think difficulty should be scalable depending on how many player survivors there are. I dont seem to be able to board up the windows in time before zombies are on usGood selection of weapons you don't need anything more than what is there, really, and I like the key/boltcutter etc system for getting past certain areas. Having to hunt for something adds just that much more to the game. The zombies vary in ai and speed too which is nice, making them a little less predictable.*update*After a long wait and some drama which can be read about in the forums, some free DLC has been released, and still more on the way. It's good to know the devs are still working on it.Still recommended, and despite that it uses the source engine it still is very playable and looks good. I personally feel that $20 is a bit high for a source engine game these days, $9.99 would be quite fair especially if all future content updates are free, so wait for it to go on sale."
76561198056312042,Not Recommended,238430,10267918,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Deathjam4,After over a year of play this game company seems to be droping the ball. They have had plenty of time to improve and fix this game and have added barely any to none in the way of content in a whole year. That said it is a little pathetic.The alpha testing is in my opinion killing the game industry because any joe blow can stick a game out take your money then say its finished sorta like landmark. Big promises but nothing but let down.Contaigan is still a fun game in my opinion and i would still recomend it if you buy it for 75% -90% off so for those who want to play this game get your wish list ready for this title and buy it for the cheapest you can.
,Not Recommended,238430,7622425,"Posted: 10 November, 2013",all,eXILE,Roses are red.Here's somthing newDont buy this gameIt stinks worse than poo
76561198103207330,Recommended,238430,13857469,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,GlobalToast,This game I have not put a lot of effort into because it truley was not that good and had a lot of connection and bugs they need to fix but the gameplay was fun but just a few problems around the edges. 7/10.
76561198101222698,Recommended,238430,13904742,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Spanky My Manky,Great visuals if you can run on max graphics while still running good on lower end pc's if you turn down the settings. Lots of fun with a good multiplayer community while being easy to connect with friends who are playing. More difficult and less forgiving then something like Left for Dead.
,Recommended,238430,13920754,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Unconquered,"If Left 4 Dead and Killing Floor are one side of the Zombie shooter coin, which primarly focuses on fast-paced shooting action, then Contagion is the other side, focusing on scavenging, survival and a more realistic approach.This is the closest I've got a to a Walking Dead experience.The escape mode is pretty good, Barlow Square is great albiet the routes can be too hidden and difficult for newer players. Although this would be a blast playing it with known friends, I've got mostly a good play experience from the community of strangers, where we would actually work together. But once in a while you get players who will sprint away so they can scavenge everything. When your character dies, you play as a Zombie, constantly trying to overwhelm until no survivor is left. It's actually really fun, again, mainly because of the pacing. You'd spend a good 4-5 mins scouting and stalking the survivor before even trying an attack.The gameplay sure as hell needs polish. Another drawback is the voice acting. Jessica's sprinting sound could have someone in your house mistake you for watching porn.On a high note, the Graphics are as good as it gets and the ambience and soundtrack is impressive!It's clearly not worth $19.99, but decent at 5$"
,Recommended,238430,13369268,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,tonicmole,"Contagion is a surprisingly good FPS Zombie shooter, but suffers from extremely long levels with no check points, or ability to save even in a single player run through.  Concidering the game takes a bit to learn, you'll be replaying the same level from the beginning over and over....and over, never feeling like you have accomplisherd anything.  Frankly, this game would be 'must have' if each map was broken into multible stages which you unlocked as you moved forward.  Dying after 2 hours of gameplay and returning to the beginning is never fun.  Graphically it's not bad, and the presentation is far more professional than most other zombie games on Steam.  It really comes down to your tolerance level.At first Contagion would appear as a Left 4 Dead clone, however it quickly sets a dramatically different pace more in line with a survival horror rather than L4D's run and gun frenzy.  You explore area's and clear out the zombies, while figuring out how to move forward.  Which brings us to problem #2.  Many times you find yourself lost wandering hallways with no clear idea of what to do next.  This is par for the course for survival horror games where you can save, go eat a sandwich, and than get back to it later.  Contagion however has the save system of an areana shooter, and the gameplay of a FPS horror game.  I gaurantee if you play for a few minutes you will fall in love with Contagion.....until you die and revert all the way back to the beginning....than you will hate it.In the end it's a fun game with a cool concept, and your enjoyment depends on your tolerance for horrid save systems.  Oh, and there are these armored zombie that take a million bullets to kill.  They suck like crazy.  Contagion is fun enough, but has so much potential it will drive you insane.  With a better progress system, and fleshed out abilities (cover system, hiding, dodging) this game could become legendary."
76561198122799385,Recommended,238430,14058304,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Johnny Knoxville,"Fantastic game, loved every second of it,you start off as a team,(alive) but when you die, they become your enemy as you become infected and try and kill what was once your team."
,Recommended,238430,11932668,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,CLERK,"Great game, played for about an hour and loved it!"
76561197989820960,Recommended,238430,11934244,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Coldkiller,This game might not be a high end game but sureley entertaining when played with friends.
76561198018339074,Recommended,238430,11934408,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Livlos,It's like left 4 dead...if left 4 dead was WAY better. This is actually probably the best co-op/competitive zombie game I've ever played
76561198079886288,Recommended,238430,11984400,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Killerquatch,this game is awesome
,Recommended,238430,11970479,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,JustaSir,"pure jobby, but amazing jobby, 9/10"
76561198068564631,Recommended,238430,11971772,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,DANK420_MEME_TRAIN,One of the best zombie shoot em ups I have played There is PVP and thats still as great as the rest the game has a minumum requirement of 2160Mb And As you play you can see this is a greaat game I RECOMMEND 100%!
76561198054602399,Recommended,238430,11972484,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,T-Wolf,"when i play LAN with my bro, everything is fine at first. then when both of us die, it spawns him in as a surviver and me as a spec and it is perminant until we reset the round again. i dont know if this is a setting or if its the game but it is quite annoying.aside from that, not a bad game!"
,Recommended,238430,11972855,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,bowjangles510,I really don't know why people are giving this game such a bad review. I payed 5 bucks for it and it's completely worth it! Very fun co op game.
,Recommended,238430,11769659,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Crow,"Great game, was a lot of fun but just has so very few maps, I hope if a second one is made it has at the very least twice the number of maps, three times would be better."
76561198121956790,Recommended,238430,11774884,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Conganatis,I got stuck on a curb of the road and died from a zombie attacking me10/10 would Contagion again.
76561198116837789,Recommended,238430,8758927,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,/b/enji,Amazing game.It is a great multiplayer game and not having a crosshair adds more challenge and realism to the game.
,Recommended,238430,11377927,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Emprepper Pepperteam,"amazing game, great coop, great level design _Aurora Estares! great gameplay, probably the best zombie survival, coop/shooter on the market."
,Recommended,238430,7906667,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,SNOW SOS,10 out of ♥♥♥♥ing 10. I have played many♥♥♥♥♥♥games in my life... and this is one of them.
,Recommended,238430,11425489,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,TF | ReligionPigeon,"this game is so fun. there are many different modes to play in this game and i like all of them, its a great game all togetheronly problem...add more weapons"
,Recommended,238430,11426836,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,TheSilentPanda,Fireaxed through a door. Proceded to chom zombies to peices
76561197983824701,Recommended,238430,10938939,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,DeHaven,Great game! I recommend this game to any one who enjoyed zombie panic mod or enjoys a slower paced zombie game.
,Recommended,238430,10939494,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Pinkiechu,"Great game! The objective, hunted, and the survival modes are challenging and fun. One of the best parts of Contagion is the betrayal you feel when a friend turns into a zombie and turns you too. Conversely, it feels amazing when you turn into a zombie  and manage to bring down one of your friends like the mindless killer you are."
