user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198027948739,Recommended,238750,8819414,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Bak Yeon O,You'll like it if you like ...- Might and Magic 3 ~ 5- Wizardry series- Legend of GrimrockYou'll be disappointed if you think this game is ...- a successor of Might and Magic 6- a successor of Heroes of Might and Magic (can be confusing)You'll be angry about ...- Additional DRM: U Play* I played it an early access version. Not played the full release yet.
76561198110913469,Not Recommended,238750,7762733,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,evpkol,"Greets.To anyone who have doubts about purchasing or not Early Access version at this point, i would strongly recommend to wait until final release, and getting some reviews by approved and trusted sources.At this point of Early Access devs are not going to implement any serious changes in the gameplay process, basically limiting your feedback to bug reporting, not to mention that Ubisoft has its own team of testers assigned to this task.The game is controversial at best, so for many RPG fans it can become a serious dissapointment and a crash of expectations. My advice is: be patient and wait until it is released and reviewed by RPG gaming community.For some reason, many have been misguided, considering the game is still at alpha stage, and yet to pass through long development process. While LE studio considers otherwise, and here i will quote Thomas, LE technical lead:<LE-Thomas>	Question: will we get christmas update with more content? xD like lets say, new areas and quests?<LE-Thomas>	Answer: Sorry, the team is currently working on finalizing the game. There will be no more content updates to the game until the release. Until early 2014 is not a long time left anymore. ;)This was stated during the third developers chat session. Obviously they will release the game in its current state. This simply adds more reason not to purchase Early Access version.Also a HUGE WARNING NOTE.CAUTION:This adressed to all M&M VI, VII and VIII fans. In case you're one of them, check all the information about the game twice or even thrice as meticulosly, before making a decision. This game is based on M&M IV: Clouds of Xeen & M&M V: Darkside of Xeen. It has very illusive resemblance, if any at all, with M&M games staring from Mandate of Heaven.This been added at the 29th of november:Ok, now i will give some general info to familiarize you with some aspects of this project, i find rather questionable and controversial. Starting with:1) Size of the game world.M&MX is told to be consisted of 4 Acts, with Act 1 available during the Early Access. Act 1 location (including both Sorpigal by the sea and Peninsula maps) feels to be half the size of, for ex., Castle Ironfist location (from M&MVI). Act 1 offers us five dungeons, those being: Spider cave in Sorpigal; Lighthouse, Bandit Hideout, Catle Portmeyor and Cursed Ruins (which is not available in the Early Access phase) scattered all over peninsula map. Also we have two caves, each holding a single Cyclop monster inside and an empty puzzle cave. The size of these dungeons are medium, and it won't be much of an exaggeration to say that Castle Darkmoor (MMVI) would be able to contain all of them within itself.Now, to make an approximate estimation of the overall world size, you can take a look at the ""World Map"" picture, where i marked the borders of the area Act 1 occupies.http://imagizer.imageshack.us/v2/800x600q90/24/8j6k.png2) Character creation and development2.1 Races.M&MX creators offer us 4 races to depict our party members from. Those being: human, elf, dwarf and orc. The difference between them lies in starting stats, certain level of mastery they can advance to in different skills, names of the classes for each race to choose from, appearences, and minor starting race-dependant bonus, like elf having +5 evade, +10 earth resistance from the beggining.http://imagizer.imageshack.us/v2/800x600q90/34/c2om.png2.2 Classes.Only three classes are at our disposal to choose from for each race. Basically we are given three same classes for each race, being: warrior, archer, mage (so it goes like: Human Warrior, Human Mage, Human Archer/Elf Warrior, Elf Mage, Elf Archer, etc.). The difference between them is: how they are named, ex: Mercenary (HW) against Barbarian (OW); their promotions; level of mastery they can achieve in a certain skill and appearences.http://imagizer.imageshack.us/v2/640x480q90/7/tily.pnghttp://imagizer.imageshack.us/v2/640x480q90/89/wzi5.pnghttp://imagizer.imageshack.us/v2/640x480q90/46/5g0q.pnghttp://imagizer.imageshack.us/v2/640x480q90/15/nkwx.png2.3 Class promotions.Each class has a promotion to be achieved through the game. There will be only one, against two in the later M&M games. It will give one additional ability to the character, no other bonuses are know about at the current moment.http://imagizer.imageshack.us/v2/800x600q90/543/81ab.png2.4 Character customization.After choosing a race and class it is time to customize character appearences. You have a wide variety of two drawn pictures for each gender (one male body/one female body), each in turn having two faces you can switch between (giving us four different portraits to sum it up).http://imagizer.imageshack.us/v2/800x600q90/844/vi97.png2.5 Skills.Developers have cropped all non-combat related skills like: trap find/disarm, repair, trade, identify (there will be a spell), diplomacy, perception...any other player-world interraction skill you can think of. Leaving three groups: weapon mastery skills, magic mastery skills and misc combat related skills like dual-wielding, dodge, evade, skill adding crit chance to a spell based attack, etc.http://imagizer.imageshack.us/v2/800x600q90/837/y8jg.png2.6 Magic.Developers decided not to implement magic system from the later M&M games, where you were able to learn every spell at basic level, and advancing in magic mastery upgraded effects of each spell differently, based on the spell itself. Now it is more standard ""magic mastery of certain level requirement for each spell"". You can learn certain spells at basic level, certain at expert and so on. Spell effect doesn't change while you advance in magic mastery.The following picture will show you all Air magic school spells (basic to GM), that will be available in the game.http://imagizer.imageshack.us/v2/800x600q90/199/yo0c.pngSpell description:http://imagizer.imageshack.us/v2/800x600q90/163/x8j6.pngThere will be no Item Enchant spell, in case anybody is wondering.2.7 Inventory.We will have combined inventory now, each item occupying one slot. Also no paper-dolls (items won't be shown on player's picture being dressed) Equiping this or that item won't alter character picture in any way.http://imagizer.imageshack.us/v2/800x600q90/593/n50l.png3) Character/world interaction.Due to absence of non-combat related skills, player gaming experience is limited mostly to combat, opening objects (chests, barrels), getting buffs (one buff statue in Sorpigal, one in Peninsula). There is one quest in the first act, which implies on giving the freedom of choice to a player (you can kill or let go bandit leader), other than this, there are no player-choise driven situations.4) Combat.This is what it is all about. Judging from absence of non-combat related skills, lack of player-world interaction besides engaging your enemies, and answers from developers themselves, LE are trying to create combat oriented game (tile- and turnbased gameplay fits this concept idealy). Unfortunately they are not succeeding here either. Combat is rather standard and despite the looks of it, doesn't provide you with enough tactical depth you would anticipate. Poor variety of character classes, lack of significant race dependant perks/abilities, standard skill set, absence of really valuable effects of tactical (not damage dealing) spells, ect. make the game unable to offer reach and thrilling combat experience. Not to go deep: you cann't aim anything in case it is not standing in the adjacent tile.This meaning: if you have two or more opponents approaching you, apart in two or three tiles, you won't be able to target specific one to use a spell on or attack from distance (with an arrow, for ex.). Those attacks will be delivered randomly (or you may use area damage spell) to any enemy standing in the same tile. This was mentioned a hundred times to de"
,Recommended,238750,13961026,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,profffile2,"As someone who bought MM-1 off the shelf way back in the day, and have played every game in the series other than 9, the mixed reviews made me hesitant to jump in.  But picking up the deluxe version (includes MM6) on sale I jumped in, and have been pleasantly surprised.Reading other reviews, I can relate to a lot of the pros/cons cited, but for me things other people found as cons (combat, grid movement) were very much pros for me.  I think what this game does well, it does very well, but it may not be to everyone's taste.MMX strips out a number of features that existed in 6-8 in particular, but ultimately that makes MMX much more of a tactical game than its predecessors. In those games in most environments you could easily exploit the strength of ranged combat and the opportunity to toggle in/out of turn-based combat to kite. I may have, at times, even exploited running out of dungeons to avoid a fight or having to reload in those earlier MM games - that doesn't work here.Kiting in this game is only at all possible with certain class combinations, and the 'ambush' nature of many encounters and the inability to move with an enemy already in melee range make that impossible. MMX will require you to rest, and use potions, and buff/debuff. If you open a door in a dungeon without saving or resting first,  you'll probably regret it.  And AFAIK you can't leave an area while in combat to exploit out of the fight.As for character creation, I'd agree that the options for any individual character are not deep (which may hamper your RP enjoyment), but party selection itself is imo a moderately complex tactical game. The variety of options for party composition are deep.  12 classes and 4 races to choose from, and you're almost certain to have to forgo something you really want in your party (whether a race, or a buff, or dps combos).Puzzles are pretty good on the whole, story is meh (but personally I don't think plot has ever been high on the list of reasons to play MM), and the skill system is true to its predecessors while offering a variety of small tweaks/improvements.As for being one-shot, that can happen, and generally for 2 reasons: 1) you wandered into an area too high for your party level, or 2) you really needed to get your buffs on.If you aren't completely turned off by the notion of a turn-based, tactical RPG where there's more focus on the complexity of party creation and skill progress, for me that has been a real steal, and makes me very willing to consider paying full price if they release a follow up.  Will you have to save/reload a lot even on normal difficulty? Yes, but for me that's been part of the charm - progression in this game feels like an actual achievement.Edit - wrote the initial review at the end of Act 2, roughly lvl 20. On ""normal"" difficulty, this is around the point where the difficulty level swings quite a bit, since you start to GM in skills and have access to the gold and trainers needed to do it.  But all in all, I definitely enjoyed it, and after moving through some other games in my backed-up library, will consider playing again on heroic difficulty."
,Not Recommended,238750,13493427,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Ulfednar,"Soulless, chopped-down knock-off of the original Might and Magic games. Hilariously few options, outdated and unnecessary control scheme, few skills, autoloot and the screen constantly shouting at you ""THIS IS A DOOR, DO YOU WANT TO OPEN IT?! [PRESS SPACE]"", because clicking doors and containers to open and enemies to attack was too straight-forward and sensible. Were it intended as an Android game, it'd be ok; for a full-blown PC game, it's laughable.And, of course, it requires a UPlay account to play, because Games For Windows Live was such a good idea, Ubisoft just had to make their own version of it.I definitely do not recommend this cheap attempt at milking a dead franchise.Plus, Might and Magic 6, 7 and 8 are quite cheap on GoG and the likes. Why waste your time and money on this? I know I wish I hadn't."
76561198119499305,Not Recommended,238750,12708344,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,[gg] Drill Instructor,"I purchased this item because I played through all the MM titles and liked it a lot. When I saw this title here on Steam I was positively suprised and immediately bought it in rememberance of the good old times.Unfortunately I'm quite dissaspointed with it though. Graphics is ok, but gameplay is horrible. The characters frequently issue warning shouts, even though there is nothing to see. What is really annyoing though is, that you can easily get locked into a fight where you don't even want to, because the party has to rest. But you can't walk away, so the only thing left to do is to reload. This also includes getting into a dungeon where you realize that the enemy is to tough, but you can't back out anymore, because you are not allowed to leave the dungeon and flee until the fight is over.I don't know if I missremeber MM in the wrong way, but I don't recall having such issues in the original series.Another total annoying thing is that you have to register with UPlay. I can't even play offline when I don't have internet. WHY????? I specifically purchase such games to take them with me on my laptop to summer vacation, where I often don't have internet, and this is really annoying for no apparent reason!"
,Not Recommended,238750,15227605,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,WhiteT,"There are 2 really good reasons to stay away from this game:First, if you have the 'misfortune' of playing in a 32bit system, the developer deemed you unworthy of voice overs and any texture setting above medium, making the game look like it belongs in the early 2000's.Second, if you actually manage to play to the end of Act One, and you have the 'misfortune' of being in Uplay offline mode, like I was during my vacations, you'll find yourself unable to continue. Yes, you read that right, without having 'Cloud sync savegames' enabled and being online in Uplay, you can't select the option to fly to the Elemental Forge from Lev.Third (bonus reason): you can restore the voice over editing a .txt file and enable flight to the Elemental Forge editing a XML file, so there is no technical reason for these choices. It's plain idiocy.Very unhappy.Edits: Typos."
76561197970830741,Not Recommended,238750,15119801,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,NO_PUPPET_NO_PUPPET,"uPlay blocks off Act 2 if you have a firewall that blocks the game from internet access.  Game doesn't inform the player of this, just blocks off access to part of the game, leaving the player to wander around aimlessly.  Awful design."
76561198032614956,Recommended,238750,8033120,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,SLIOUSGE,"EDIT: NEW REVIEW AFTER 25 HOURS OF PLAYING FULL RELEASE...LOVED IT, even better than I thought it would be. I never meant to compare this title to the old series coz I didnt care to do so to begin with!For me it's old school rpg coz its a 4 party, turn-based, 1st-person game.Totally different from what EA gave us and REALLY fun to play...for me its the opposite of Skyrim and I think the devs did excellent job to bring something that goes the opposite direction from today's mainstream rpgs.In my opinion: Well-balanced, tough fights on warrior-mode, open world-meaning that there are some enemies that you have to comeback even in Act 1 in order to fight 'em after you beefed up in levels, better AI and monster behavior, better skill/magic/buff system, smooth heroes/enemy movement and so on.Yes, they could have added some extras to make it really great game, but I think it's an awesome start. I understand that there are ppl who are disappointed coz they expected something else along the lines of an exact copy of an older MM game with modern engine/graphics...BUT I'M EXTREMELLY HAPPY the way this game is AS IT IS!!!Hope next one in line is a monster...good battles to all the brothers who are enjoying MMX.OLD REVIEW: Loved it even with its early access faults...when they balance enough aspects of the game, it will be really great fun to play.Not for people who expect a game like Skyrim, its for old school rpg fans with the benefit of auto-mapping...just wish they'd put more riddles along the way and maybe more quests affecting the outcome of the main story or the characters.Sure the devs wont follow on all the great suggestions from the community but still it will be worth playing and enjoy yourself if the content of the final release is big enough.To expect the perfect game on all aspects/parts of a game and on top of that to have the devs please all different kind of rpg fans is useless...READ the reviews and then DECIDE if that's the game you want to play or not...the game is a tile-based/turn-based and they should improve the parts of the game based on that idea...dont mind if they had the option for free movement but it shouldnt be a pre-requirement to play an rpg-game like this...there are tons of other rpg games for that."
76561198065911630,Not Recommended,238750,8009894,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,tommim,"Before reading any further, please note! The game has been reported ""dead"" by the publisher. No more DLCs or bugfixes will be provided.While the game runs okay for most players, it unfortunately has been left with some serious unfixed problems on some system configurations that range from overheating on laptops, freezes on Macs, and annoying stuttering on some NVIDIA cards that may render the game almost unplayable, to (in rare cases) crashes to desktop. Be warned that customer service will probably not provide you with much more than ""have you tried turning it off and on again"" in case you are affected by any of the above mentioned bugs. Purchase at your own risk!If you loved the M&M 1-5 games (and have a graphic card that can handle it), you may actually enjoy the game just for the fan-factor. It may not be the expected ""big sequel"" but it is solid and entertaining.If you are new to M&M however, or you have just played ""Heroes of Might and Magic"" so far, this game may disappoint you.Also if you are looking for a ""Legend of Grimrock""-like RPG, be warned that this game has a very different feel to it. While the game-mechanics are similar, the gameplay actually feels a lot more static and not as action-oriented.1. The game itselfM&M 10 is playing after the story of Heroes of Might and Magic 6. The gameplay and ""feel"" of the game however is mostly based on Might and Magic 3-5.The game is grid-based with turn-based combat. This means you move through the world 1 step at a time and there is no free movement. If you encounter an opponent the game stops and switches to a turn-based combat mode. You then give your party members commands to attack, defend or use magical powers. Once you have done that the round switches to your enemies who will do the same until either you or your opponent drops dead, whatever comes first.Since the gameplay is based on M&M 3-5 fans of the series will find some nostalgic elements, like barrels containing liquid that buffs your attributes, riddle chests and the like.The story is solid but unfortunately also pretty generic. (I won't spoil it here though, so that you can still experience the fun yourself)The map is unfortunately -again- rather generic. Where M&M 1-5 featured treetop houses, cities in the sky and even space-ships, all you got in M&M10 is pretty standard villages. Not even your run-off-the-mill castle. A little more fantasy wouldn't have hurt the game here.The size of the map is not large but ""medium"". So where the description says ""3 towns, 1 city, 20 dungeons"" it literally means just that. Except that they don't mention that some of the ""dungeons"" literally have just 1 room.Graphics quality is ... not good. The game looks like it was more or less pieced together by using whatever texture or model was laying around at that time. Thus some objects are very nice and detailed, but the majority unfortunately looks blurry and washed out even on ""ultra"" settings.The sound quality is acceptable. However the soundtrack is quite generic and not very memorable.In total the game is fun with enough solid gameplay to keep you occupied for like a week.2. The downsidesThe game was produced on a tight budget by Limbic Entertainment. A small studio that has no experience whatsoever with AAA-class games. They clearly state on their website that their field of expertise are ""social and flash games"". The name as their greatest success so far: ""Mein Ponyhof 2"", a horse-barn simulation for little girls.They also stated in their blog that M&M10 was a ""test"" for Ubisoft to see wether or not people would still spend money on the series.I'm actually very sorry to say that but all of the above and especially the tight budget actually shines through. And unfortunately not just in the fact that all horses in the game have beautiful textures.Also it has to be mentioned that the game requires a UPlay account and installation of the UPlay client on top of Steam. If having to create yet another account with yet another company just to play the game is a big ""no-no"" to you: I recommend you stay away.3. Not included in the game:Despite what the store page tells you this game does NOT include a free modding editor.The ""modding kit"" is/was actually just a resource pack for a long gone version of Unity Pro, that is no longer sold, and had an original price tag of 1500 USD when the game came out.4. For ""digital deluxe"" purchaseThis version contains an additional dungeon and a mini-campaign. The dungeon is just standard.The reactions on the DLC have been mixed. Most people rate it ""solid"" at best. I would suggest you expect to get some ""solid"" extra hours of ""acceptable"" gameplay that may be quite enjoyable but will be nothing to tell you grandchildren about.Note however, that the DLC has been reported to break the option to run the UPlay client in offline mode, so that you need to be always online in order to play it. If you can't be ""always on"" for whatever reason, I recommend to stay away from the ""digital deluxe"" version.The ""digital soundtrack"" is 30 minutes of unmodified in-game music encoded as 128KBit joint-stereo MP3. Despite what the store-page tells you, you are NOT getting the ""official soundtrack on audio CD"".The files don't show up in your Steam library. You find them in your installation folder. The music quality is okay, but nothing really memorable.Note that there is another dungeon and some minor extras as well, that can be unlocked by earning virtual currency through getting achievements. However, I experienced that the achievements don't unlock properly and thus I have been unable to access any of that.4. Limitations- The 32-Bit version of the game is limited to medium texture quality and voice-over is deactivated."
76561197970888635,Recommended,238750,12942598,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Battlexbadalex,"If you are into games in the vein of old school, turn-based RPG, Might and Magic X - Legacy may be a game for you.   It is fairly lengthy, taking me around 60 hours to complete the game almost entirely, and you are sure to get your money worth unless you try to blitz through the main storyline as quickly as possible.  Be warned that the game is entirely based on the combat, so if you are not in love with it I there is a good chance you won't have the patience to finish it.  would generally recommend this game, provided you are willing to overlook some fairly rough edges.Pros:- Combat is fun (most of the time)- Good value for your money- Large world to explore, lots of loot to collectCons:- If the combat isn't your thing, there isn't much else to the game to enjoy- The main story is nonsensical and not very interesting- Performance issues when moving into new areas- Combat balance issues (too easy at times, getting one-shotted at other times)"
76561197967158091,Not Recommended,238750,8835901,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Xeni,"Since I did not touch the game until its full release, this review is based entirely on my first-hand experience with the game, written by someone who is unaware of what may or may not have been changed, addressed or promised during the early access.GAME CHOICES & MECHANICS:- The game offers four traditional fantasy races to choose from when making characters; humans, dwarves, elves and orcs, each race offering three specific starting classes to choose from, as well as a varying setup of skills.- The skills are fairly familiar to M&M players, with a few new additions in X, like for example Primordial Magic, Arcane Discipline, and Warfare. Some notable skills have disappeared as well; as there is no Alchemy, Identify Item, Learning, Merchant or Repair Item skill, as well as a few other examples.- Gameplay-wise it has some important changes from previous M&Ms. You follow a tile-style map when moving around! For those familiar with pen and paper Role Playing games such as Dungeons & Dragons, think of it as the 5x5 hex-grid system (which the M&M X map looks like).- Combat is more strictly turn-based. This means a monster will have to wait for its turn before attacking you (or you it), as each of your characters in turn takes their actions. Explained more thoroughly in my personal opinion.- The Night/Day cycle is much quicker, especially outside of towns.- Levelling up skills and attributes and what improvements it will grant you is 'tooltiped' by mouse-over, and the different character panels are somewhat easier to use.MY PERSONAL OPINIONThe game looks good. It has that M&M feeling to it, in a modern sense where lighting effects and shades are more modern than in older versions, yet it's not meant to look ""outright realistic"", and both NPCs and world objects look the way they 'always have' in the series.The new and more strict turn-based system of combat also has its advances, in that you can take your time to plan your next and most optimal move with each character. It also means you can plan ahead of the monster's next attack, and since you can rearrange the order of your character's easily, you can put your heavy cannons to go first, after which, depending on whether they dealt enough damage or finished something off, your supporters can cast the appropriate buffs before the next turn begins.Then again, nothing prevented you from pausing the game to think ahead in previous versions, just saying.. Yes, the stricter turn-based system can sometimes slow the gameplay down. You can still hold down a button to have all your characters repeatedly fire their arrows at whatever you're fighting, but you cannot move while doing so. Even if you didn't have to move, if three of your characters are just firing arrows away with their mana emptied, but the fourth being the one doing something different, you will have to stop and click a different number (taskbar being the traditional 1-9) for that particular character.Personally, I like the old style where you manually set a spell and a non-spell attack and just blasted away, even if that is a less cost-efficient approach. Back then everything happened simultaneously as well, both your attacks and the monsters', each with their own cooldowns. I have yet to notice my characters using anything powerful enough to make them ""lose their next turn due to recharging"", or anything similar.Because of the tile-style movement, you are less likely of getting lost, you wont get stuck in the environment, and it's easier to figure out where to go in some cases. It does limit your movement somewhat, though, and calling this ""an exciting open world"" is a stretch. Yes, you can SEE the world, but the tiles will tell you where you can and cannot go. In other words, forget scaling up those hills in an angle to skip some travelling, or nudging your way down a tall mountain to get to the bottom quicker. No tile = not an option! (I wonder if a Fly spell exists in this game)The plus side of the tile system is that travelling between key points takes (much) less time than before, and it certainly is a game focused around combat and action, rather than sightseeing and flower-picking (..fond memories of my alchemist scaling the M&M7 mountains to pick those rare flowers for potions.. anyway.)When in combat, the tile-system to me is less enjoyable than the good old free movement. You are LOCKED in combat. I.e. if you want to move somewhere, you have to wait for your turn. You can move one tile, then whatever you are fighting will either attack, or move after you, and then you can move again. This means no party kiting and killing that tough giant with their crude bows.CONCLUSIONOverall the game to me falls into the pitfall of so many other games these days. It's a good and tried-and-true model that instead of being kept that way is slimmed down to make for faster, easier (to me in most cases less enjoyable) gameplay. Instead of feeling like a mighty hero who comes up with clever schemes to defeat your mighty adversaries, I feel like I'm being stripped of some of my powers and choices by the game simply telling me ""sorry, we can not let you do that"".  No crafting potions? No repairing my own items?Finding your way because of the tile-system is nice at times, but it also strips me of going exactly where I want to go. Yes, you can most times choose option a, b or c to do first, but even if you choose c, you usually have to come back and do a and b in any order after before moving on to d.For example, in M&M 7 you could pretty much walk to the tougher zones in the game as soon as you got off the starting island, and although you pretty much couldn't kill anything there (crude bows kiting comes to mind along with a heartful chuckle, though), you could still try to roam around for chests, pick those before mentioned flowers, followed by running for your life to leave the place as you just noticed one of the giants had gotten on your trail.I want to like M&M X more than I do (that said I do enjoy it, albeit mostly for nostalgic reasons). On the plus-side the nostalgia from playing an M&M game made me want to revisit M&M 7 again, a game which I can also play while I'm offline, or while the rest of the world is offline too, for that matter. As long as my computer has power at least.If you're a hardcore M&M fan, I would still recommend picking it up for the nostalgia. It's not a ""bad game"", despite giving it some harsh critique, it's just a well-made game that doesn't appeal to me in the old-fashioned M&M way, with a few too many things changed or altered (the combat + tile-style being my main drawbacks here. Adding that I am well-aware this was never meant to be a ""typical M&M clone""!) The fact M&M is one of my all-time favourite series also means I set the bar quite high, if it sounds like most of the review is negatively charged.So..  Would I recommend this game? The short answer is, it depends who is asking.To a seasoned M&M player; yes, but to someone not familiar with the M&M series; probably not, as the gameplay is rather outdated.If you know very little about the M&M series, but like old-style type of games, I'd recommend passing on this one, and instead picking up Might&Magic VII: For Blood and Honor from GOG (for only 6$!), and, baring in mind old graphics are what they are, you will have a more fleshed out game with a lot more depth to it than this one.However, if you're only in it for the turn-based combat that M&M X focuses on, pass - there are better and more modern turn-based games out there today. :)..Then again, it could be I'm just a masochistic hero who enjoys the pain and suffering of spending twice as much time on travelling from point a to point b, only to realise I went into the wrong cave and suddenly faced monsters ten times my level...- Xeni"
76561197972720910,Not Recommended,238750,11201329,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,MaYzE,"What a let down this game was.  Buggy as all hell.  I love all the M&M games in the past, but Ubi massacred this franchise with this one.  I get so far into Act 1 and I can not travel any further forward.  The option to get to the next area is greyed out.  The only fix listed online is to either start over or change something in the config file.  By changing the config, it will break end game.  And now Ubi has pulled all patching and support for this game.  Save your money and look for adventure somewhere else!"
,Recommended,238750,8922369,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,georgie boy,"I'm assuming most of the reviews here are from early access, here's one from someone who did not play early access and has also not played any previous games in the series.This game is very good.  It's expansive, challenging but not unfair, and there's a good amount of character and party customization.  It's the most RPG-y RPG I've played in a long time.You'll travel the open world, come across riddles, puzzles, enemies and dungeons - some of which will be too high level for you.   There is no level scaling and the world is crafted in a way that you're going to want to backtrack often to try and kill that boss you found who one shot you 10 hours earlier.  And that's awesome.  You're going to be battling your way through dungeons, barely surviving by the skin of your teeth and have to make runs back to town (actual runs, no instant click travel here) to restock on supplies so that you can continue.  And that's awesome.It's not going to be for everyone but this is a really solid, lengthy and replayable RPG with lots of substance that's built on its RPG systems and its gameplay rather than a story or dialogue choices or any of the usual modern stuff.The only con is performance.  Performance is poor in some places, and loading times especially are poor.  This is exacerbated by the fact that the game freezes in the background, meaning you have to sit through the 30 second-1 minute load screens.  This can get very annoying because you will often be making trips back and forth to town and there's a loading screen each time.  The game also doesn't exactly look amazing and the dialogue and story are generic and half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥  But from what I understand this is a game made by a small team mostly as a proof of concept to get this series back up and running, and it did what it set out to achieve and then some."
76561197973589694,Not Recommended,238750,32259418,Posted: 7 June,all,MightyFox,"I really want to like this game. I even want to beat it. But I can't do either and here's why.Even though this is not like Might and Magics of old (6, 7, and 8), at its core, it is still an enjoyable game with decent music, customizable  character classes, and a fairly rich fantasy world. I dare say, as a concept, it may even be worthy of being among some of the best dungeon crawlers out there. The problem is, It's just not playable.Mac, PC, high graphics, or none, the game is unstable and getting it to work is an absolute chore. I have restarted it at least 30 times, had to reload 5 different saves, and have turned my graphics down to nothing, and it STILL crashes at portal screens, opening chests, or even walking around a forest. The game just isn't optimized, for ANY system, and though you can brute force your way through the crashes, it REALLY takes its tole on your patience. For the asking price of $30, it's an absolute insult.As Limbic and Ubisoft are no longer supporting this title, this is a buyer beware review, with ""purchase at your own risk"" tacked on. If you want to try, and try to enjoy the game for what it is (despite the crashes) then for the love of whatever deity you follow, or not, at least wait for a sale. You'll be sorry if you don't."
76561198043053799,Recommended,238750,19702776,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,holychair,"If what you crave is oldschool grid-based 3D movement combined with turn-based combat, don't look any further - it won't get any better than this. But if you do not like these two basic features of the game (or even just one of them), you really should keep away. You've been warned.""Legacy"" harkens back to the Might & Magic games of old - and with this I don't mean Might & Magic 6/7, but rather M&M 3 ""Isles of Terra"" and M&M 4/5 ""World of Xeen"". You can still buy those from GoG, but the once stunning VGA graphics are real hard to endure nowadays, so it's a blessing that Might & Magic X exists. While the graphics here aren't exactly top notch, they are still very beautiful and atmospheric. (Almost) everything else is like it was in those old games: A deep turnbased combat system at its core, a big upper world to roam freely with your party of four (plus two hirelings), towns, dungeons, inns, merchants, quests, riddles - the whole shebang. In this, ""Legacy"" has much much more to offer than, say, ""Legends of Grimrock II"".Given all the above, there are only two real downsides to the game: The first is that it is unfortunately technically unoptimized. This becomes noticeable to the user in the wide upper world, where there's sometimes hitching while you move your party a tile - even with the most advanced GPUs in town. This is strange as the game really shouldn't be very demanding at all (the only reason that could explain this is that the engine seems to rely more on your CPU power than on your GPU). This does detract from the oldschool RPG fun only slightly, however.Well, and the second downside is of course Uplay. I once swore I would never buy another Ubisoft game from steam again until they got rid of this utterly useless and annoying additional DRM-scheme, but when I broke my vow and reinstalled it  (just for this game), I noticed that it at least became much more unobtrusive compared to how I rember it from a few years ago (when I played ""Farcry 3"" for a while). Also retrieval of the long forgotten password for my account was no problem.If I had to give ""Might & Magic X - Legacy""  a score, it would be 8/10 for fans of grid-based RPGs with turn-based combat. I would have given 9/10 if the game were optimized. The last missing point is because I really miss some features from the old games, namely: sorcerer guilds and banks that give interest on deposited money. Also, while the story always played second fiddle in M&M games and the narrative we are presented here is ok, I liked some of the storylines of earlier installments better. A nice touch, though, is that (if you are perceptive) the great ""sci-fi setting"" twist of ""Might & Magic 3, Isles of Terra"" is at least alluded to in ""Legacy"" too."
76561197970533201,Not Recommended,238750,29732148,Posted: 5 February,all,mythmaker,Got several hours into the game - was actually enjoying it - and then it asked me to redeem a code to keep playing. Ok. So I went to the STEAM KEY and got the key code. I relaunched the game and then it updated Uplay and told me I have to do a 2 step verfication process to prove I own my own damn game that I bought through STEAM. It told me I had to download an app on my mobile phone and do some kind of two step verification process using my phone. Well - since I don't currently have a cell phone to do this -  my game is unplayable. Thanks Ubisoft. I will NEVER - EVER buy another Ubisoft product. Draconian DRM and asinine verification codes are not the way to treat your paying customers. Go to hell Ubisoft. I uninstalled the game immediately thereafter and DO NOT RECOMMEND IT.
,Not Recommended,238750,13002757,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Royial20 [TURBO],"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VMRImtwAvl0Might and Magic X: Legacy: There's something to be said for a game to exist solely based on its legacy (pun intended). Unfortunately, Might and Magic X does not feel like a good entry in the series nor a good role-playing game. Personally I’ve never played a might and magic game (I am a huge fan of the Heroes of Might and Magic series however) so I'm coming into the series as a relatively new player. I have played one other game similar to Might and Magic X; Grimrock, which I loved and play completely through. I bought this game with similar expectations and was sorely disappointed.First I was expecting clever puzzles and riddles, there are none to be found in this game. Puzzles are mostly switch puzzles and riddles don't require any sort of abstract thinking, or really much brain power at all to figure it out. Okay, lame puzzles, is combat any good?Nope, in Grimrock you had four characters, two in front for tanking and two in the back as range or support, in this game they stand side by side, allowing your squishy magic characters to be hit alongside your heavy characters, it makes switching character places pointless and overall it’s annoying. Range characters are also pointless, most of the games engagements take place within melee range and range characters will get a penalty when in melee range and their shots hit random enemies so if there is more than one better hope the shot hits the enemy you want; they don't have strong enough magic or melee combat skill to be worth devoting a character to range, just use melee and caster characters. All classes can use a ranged weapon in any case, a much more preferable option to having a useless character. Combat itself lack strategy and excitement, it’s much quicker to just mash the attack button through fodder enemies; bosses are the only enemies requiring more strategy, but it’s not much more and overall combat is a bore and a chore, sadly the game relies on it heavily. Side rant, the final boss fight is bogus.Visuals and audio are both pretty good, the game takes you to a great variety of locations and there is plenty of color in this game, it’s pretty. Music is standard fantasy fair, but it’s well done. Voice work is...ok, not sure why elves and dwarfs sound similar, I shake my head and chuckle anytime I hear my Scottish elf girl speak, it doesn't really fit in with the setting. So the other bits aren't too great, how about the story?Well...that also is a letdown, actually the opening cinematic to the game spoils everything, the who, what, where and why. I can't compare it to other Might and Magic games, but as far as storytelling goes it’s pretty weak and not engaging at all and it’s extremely linear. The game offers you a very lengthy experience, so that’s something.Honestly, I was really excited for Might and Magic X and wanted to love it after playing the disappointment that was Heroes of Might and Magic 6. It sapped my strength and will to go on by how boring it was. There's a lot of content for the asking price, maybe if you get nostalgic for these games it will win you over, but for $24.99 USD I'd recommend something else, like Grimrock.TL/DR; Might and Magic X: Legacy is a long but, boring role-playing experience. None of its qualities are strong enough to make the long trek worthwhile. I’d recommend using the $24.99USD on something else or buy Grimrock. Also Ubisoft making me use U-play ticks me off.-Thumbs down from RoyialVideo Reviews can be found at:www.youtube.com/user/RoyialNetwork"
76561198020146397,Recommended,238750,17679001,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Aaron,"In all honesty, I wasn't too keen on M&M X at first due to the square tile movement system. Bought it, left for about 8 months, then recently fired it up again. Glad I did too! Upon taking the time to enjoy it as opposed to rushing straight into it, I found it far more enjoyable and immersive. I took the time to understand the story and patiently walk my way through.Big fan of the M&M series, with my favorite being M&M VII: Blood and Honor. Thoroughly enjoyed this addition to the M&M universe. I also noticed they've incorporated lore and creatures from the more recent M&M titles, which I found quite awesome as it kind of gels the M&M universe lore together.My main highlight of this, as with all M&M titles, was mostly the aspect of adventure, discovery and character progression. Your team of four adventurers are thrown into a region packed with monsters to slay and treasure waiting to be found in every crevice. Has two difficulties to play through; medium and hard.For those looking for a decent adventure and don't mind 'classic style' game mechanics, this is for you. If playing through first time, my advice is to choose a Druid, Freemage Bladedancer and Paladin."
76561198040811698,Recommended,238750,13512720,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Darkclaw3050,"Recommended for fans of Might & Magic and classic first-person style party turn-based RPGs!+Classic gameplay combines with enhanced graphics+Grid-based movement is still fairly fluid and combines well with the map and secret systems+Customizable party/characters and skills+Voiced intro, character banter, and some voiced dialogue in game+Good variety of side quests, settings, enemies, secrets, lore, spells/skills-3rd party DRM: Uplay (requires separate account)-Ranged combat heavily penalized, making some classes much less useful:--Most combat is/quickly becomes melee, ranged damage halved, no way to run/break from melee-Limitations in customization:--Only 4 portrait choices per race, 9 letter max on character names--Some skill descriptions very vague in terms of effect at character creation--Unnecessary class/race restrictions (human melee MUST have sword spec, elves can't wear heavy armor, etc.)"
,Recommended,238750,11388800,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,RuySan,"This was a very pleasant surprise. Who knew that in 2014 there was going to be a release of an old-school RPG blobber. It’s a great homage to the series, even going as far as to recycle many sounds from the VI-VIII trilogy.Even so it was mostly good, I was a bit burned out by the end, but that’s because I’m not really into long, 50 hour, epics nowadays. On the other hand the game had a combat dynamic that was more similar to Wizardry than Might & Magic, since the challenge was into each fight instead of the attrition of many weaker fights. In the end I hope this one sold enough to justify another game in this great series."
76561198005933179,Recommended,238750,11859506,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,_dn,"Might & Magic X returns to the good old days of Might & Magic series (think World of Xeen) while retaining a relatively modern touch to it (think M&M6+). Possibly for the first time ever in the series even the inventory is (mostly) likeable! Power-up barrels scattered around the world, statues that buff the party, puzzles that have you scratching your head, quest lines without big yellow markers telling you where to go, and last but not least, completely unfair fights if you stick your nose where it doesn't belong. Welcome to the Might & Magic! I've missed being in the M&M world!First and foremost, don't be put off by the rather mediocre ratings -- if you are a fan of the series since the early days, you will love this one too. For the most part I can't but praise the game, but I do have a handful of complaints:* some of the (teleporter) puzzles are a pain (too much of trial & error);* armor wear (i.e. items breaking) is completely useless and should either be redesigned or removed completely;* the Falcon and the Unicorn DLC could use some tuning (it's incredibly challenging/frustrating for melee-oriented parties for example).Some people have been concerned with the PC requirements. I ran the game on highest settings (i7-3770K + Ati Radeon 290) and 90% of the time it runs completely fine. The other 10% of the time there are significant slowdowns, spikes, possibly related to traveling to another section or perhaps from daylight to nighttime switching. Be what it may, the engine could use a little polish in that respect. Also, loading times when entering dungeons or cities are fairly long, up to the point where I would rather run around the city on map than enter to travel through it.So much for complaints, because in nearly every other aspect Might & Magic X is a very fun and engaging game. I clocked 50 hours on my playthrough, and for the first time in years I was disappointed a game ended so ""soon"". More of this, please!On a scale from 1-10, I will happily award M&M X a solid 9/10. For all oldschool M&M (and Dungeon Master / Eye of the Beholder) fans."
,Recommended,238750,18099067,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Teranin,"Arguably the most engaging CRPG in the modern era. Lots of customization, solid level of challenge, story has expanded significantly since Early Access ended.If you want to play a 90s PC first-person 4-person party RPG with a modern polish that's actually good, here it is."
,Not Recommended,238750,10326205,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Vik,"I'm a huge fan of the Might and Magic franchise, Heroes included, and that's the only reason I played through this. Unless you are REALLY desperate for your M&M fix, I can't suggest this as a viable purchase. For the same money, you can get much better titles, new and old.As for the actual problems with the game:-Graphics are laughable. Expect low res environs throughout the game-Optimization is bad. I can run Skyrim on ultimate with no issues on my rig, but the turn based M&M is apparently too much, as even on middle of the road settings, there is going to be heavy lag in certain areas with dense foliage. According to the forums, this is a fairly common problem.-No customization. There are 4 races with 4 hero type each (caster, ranger, tank, melee) and once you pick one of those, you get to decide on male or female. Oh, and also a name. Joy... There's no way to change the appearance of your characters and you never even get to see a model of them beyond a picture during character creation.-Poor class balance. Rangers used to be completely useless, but after the patch they were upgraded all the way to just ""meh"". The game LOVES to spring ambushes on you (about 30% of the fights, along with most bosses), by dumping a ton of enemies at melee range, making bows and crossbows useless for the fight (once you engage in melee, you can't retreat till you kill everything in melee range). There goes a quarter of the hero pool. Tanks are also useless, since almost all bosses (and all undead, which are VERY frequent) are immune to taunt - your primary tanking mechanic. This means that 50% of the classes in the game have no purpose, except for flavor, at the cost of your party's strenght. That's just bad design.-Turn based gameplay on a 2-dimensional plane. You can call this a throwback to the old M&M series, but it just doesn't work. Even the worst of Might and Magic games had a smoother transition between turns, than Legacy. The last ones even managed to mix real-time movement with turn-based combat. Also, turn based movement is not fun when on long treks between towns and quest points. This game has a lot of that, if you're looking for all the hidden little nooks and crannies.-No voice work for quests. While it's not a necessity for every game, it would have been nice if M&M X managed to show off with something, at least.-Lackluster story. Everything in M&M X screams ""minimal effort"" and the story is no different. It's painfully generic and set in a very boring world where every character is just a cookie cutter fantasy stereotype. There's just nothing new, even in the story: elves are elves, dwarves are dwarves and orcs wear fezzes (god damn it, Ubisoft...) You can't even augment your party with new and interesting companions. Once you get out of the hero creation screen, that's it - it's set in stone. You DO have the option of getting two followers, but with no voice work and characterization, all they offer is a boost to one (mostly unimportant) aspect of gameplay.Relative to what else is out on the market, even at this price, Might and Magic X - Legacy is just a bad game. It has nothing to offer, save for the faint nostalgia of the franchise."
,Recommended,238750,12814807,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Amadeus,"This is the best game I've played in years.   I had often thought that perhaps my love of the ""old school"" RPG games was due to nostalgia more than the quality of the game and the brilliant game mechanics; however, playing this game proved to me that this was not the case.I truly wish the makers of this game would release the engine so that users could create additional content and new games using this engine.  I'd LOVE to play more campaigns using the same mechanics."
,Not Recommended,238750,13900129,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Psylent,"Not that I even really got into the game, but the fact that I have to sign and be signed in to the UPlay DRM system in addition to steam just to play this game is a deal breaker for me. Had I known this I would have skipped this purchase."
,Recommended,238750,28628079,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,ManuTOO,"Might and Magic is a cult Dungeon Crawler series, which got its up and down. The down mostly came after the 7th episode (which was already seriously less good than the 6th).Unlike Dungeon Master (DM) and Legend of Grimrock (LoG), it’s not real-time but turn based. The good point is that it lets you play at your own pace. The down point is that it creates less tension than real time fight and it feels less dynamic. Both can also be seen as advantageous when you just want to relax (although even in turn based game you still can feel pressurized from time to time ! ;-) ).But there’s also another major difference : M&MX, just like its ancestors, doesn’t feature an unique deep dungeon ; instead, it offers you an open world with numerous small dungeons and a few medium ones.From these 2 characteristics, it means there’s no dungeon offering any memorable nor challenging exploration. Once in a dungeon, you’ll never feel lost, and except for a very few exceptions, you won’t even feel confused about what to do or where to go, especially as there’s no puzzle (with a couple of exceptions) and the secrets appear depending of your party abilities and not of your own observation skills. And all that without taking account of the automap.On another hand, exploring the outside world is more engaging. And the where-to-go challenge comes up when you have to decide what is the next dungeon you want to go. As there’s no level indicator, it means you can end up in a too hard dungeon. This raises another issue:  you can’t play without quick save & load, as it’s impossible to escape a started combat, which is for me a mood killer.But it’s not that bad, because of another bad point : the game is quickly too easy, which means you’ll rarely have to worry about getting in a too hard fight (if you play in the normal difficulty).This brings us to the combat system. So it’s turn based. You need 1 or 1 and half healers (because often 1 healer can be paralyzed/asleep/stoned/etc…), and although there’s tank build, there’s no tanking in the way of World of Warcraft (and Dungeon Guardians ;-) ) : there’s no aggro building. You still have a few “attack me during this turn” spells, but most bosses are immune to them, so actually the tank doesn’t need to have much more HP and armor than other party members.The combats themselves, once you have digested & understood the numerous abilities, are actually simple, easy and mostly straightforward. No, in M&MX, the difficulty comes from the resource management. This means that the difficulty comes from the choice of using or not HP & Mana potions during the fights. Almost no fight can be fatal as long as you have enough potions to go through it. This is even more true as it’s a turn based game, so you have all the time in the world to analyse the current situation and choose the most pertinent ability correctly. So to sail through the game, you just have to understand how much potions you can use in each fight. The number of potions is limited ; you can buy some from shops, but it seems they don’t reappear afterward. But you can also buy limitless rations, that allows you to sleep after the fights to recover all your HP & Mana.As 1st, you’re short on gold, but after a while, you’ll get a ton of it. So the difficulty comes from resource management, but you get more or less limitless of them after a while ? So yup, there’s not much difficulty anymore after 25% of the game done.There’s an hard mode, but this one is just too hard to newcomers ; you’re expected to already know the game to pick it (although you aren’t told so in the selection screen), but once you know the game, it is also too easy as you just know how much potions & rations you need to go through the dungeons & world. Plus, still, after a while you just get a ton of money again.The combats aren’t really boring nor too repetitive, though. There are enough abilities, effect variations, kind of mobs, and special events to keep things interesting. It’s just that without time pressure, there’s not much doubt about what to do, nor doing it quickly enough.So that’s a bit a pity as the game itself is pretty nice. Discovering & exploring the world and its dungeons is captivating. The character leveling is nicely done (but not great). There’s a ton to do and see, even though the story holds very little interest, which is a bit annoying in a game with such a big world : it builds very little implication in the player, roaming all around, jumping from dungeon to dungeon without caring much about the goals. Ending is nice enough though, as the background of the story is well exploited.There also are a bunch of riddles in the world, and a few dungeons made of only 1 puzzle to solve and nothing else, plus 1 dungeon made of several puzzles but without any mobs nor real exploration. Puzzles were mostly annoying for me, and I guess riddles are decent if you’re into that kind of thing.Visually, it’s shockingly ugly at 1st ; the 1st city is painfully horrible and technically it feels like we’re back in the early 2000’s. Following cities aren’t much better, but the world and the dungeons are usually well done with a good artistic direction.So in short it gives :Interesting combat system plagued by its easiness after a while, simplistic dungeon exploration partly compensated by open world exploration, average puzzles, unequal visuals & atmosphere.So all in all, this is a game that is bigger than the sums of its parts and offers a nice adventure, despite all its shortcomings."
,Recommended,238750,15708844,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Trevo5253,"I'm appalled that one of the best releases of 2014 has such middling reviews on here.Performance issues are the only true flaw. Yeah, there are re-used assets, yeah M&MVI-IX fans aren't getting a follow-up to that style, with this one being more like the World of Xeen games.It's an incredibly fun RPG that I personally found more enjoyable on a battle-to-battle basis than even Dragonfall and Divinity last year. Incredibly underrated game."
,Recommended,238750,24150843,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Spittingbull,"Fantastic.  If you're at ALL a fan of early coputer grid based RPG's (Wizardry, The Bard's Tale, Might and Magic) this game is for you.  It's party based, with mutli classes, and spell/skill based level progression.Group battles with turn based, class type attacks?  Check.Dungeons with traps, chests and bosses? Check.Cities with quests, vendors and stories? Check.Varied monsters with resists-based attacks, ranged tactical warfare, spells and violent melee?  Check.Familiar, fun class type characters with (at times) witty chat?  Check.I could go on and on, but why?Honestly, I waited a long time on buying this, due to bad reviews on here.  This game is fantastic (so far) and I highly. VERY highly recommend it for fans of Apple ii, Commodore and the like RPG's.  I haven't gotten to any bugs like so many say exist, but if I DO hit one, I'll edit this review. For now - BRAVO, coders.  Good, good fun."
76561197966354434,Recommended,238750,9636239,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,Nitro Pirate,"Great game that's been hours of fun for me. I bought and played the game post patch 1, and can honestly say that I've not experienced a single bug, glitch or crash during the entire experience which, after reading some earlier reviews, I half expected I might have! I'd get my one criticism out of the way now though... I played on a fairly powerful gaming laptop and can run most games on high settings with ease. This game is very pretty (some of the screenshots don't do it full justice) but nevertheless, some of the low framerates I get in the outside areas, especially the forests, can be puzzling and I can only imagine could be fixed with better programming, although I'm no expert on that matter :) Aside from this the game is just as I wanted it to be and was a great 'blast from the past' experience in a new suit. Too many modern games hold your hand and take the excitement of exploration away from you, because you know you're never in any real danger. In Might and Magic X it's nothing like that... take a wrong turn and you may get rinsed into oblivion by some elite water elementals you had no right to be near... but that's all part of the games charm. Some people won't get it, and you may hate that sudden, seeimingly unavoidable deaths can occur from nowhere, or you may not enjoy an epic 20 minute struggle to overcome 3 goblins and a big dog that leaves you mentally exhausted (and your characters bereft of potions)... but if you're one of the people who does get it, then get this game... it's ace :)"
76561198035826989,Recommended,238750,31030256,Posted: 8 April,all,Korkrag,"I love it, a bit like Legend of Grimrock.While I love it however, I agree with pretty much everything said on the Zero Punctuation video about it, I suggest you watch that. Also. Look up a tutorial or something. Maybe I should make one. This game doesn't really tell you what to do... in any way shape or form... at all.Also, I've played this for near to 200 hours. But only about 30 of those was with the sound on. Music is nice, but at character creation you will notice a choice between Heroic and Cynical... Your characters make comments very bloody often.""Someone forgot to take a bath."" ""Hope some brigands attack, crushing skulls helps orcs to sleep!"" ""Wait... what's that... aaaah it's nothing, hah!""I do recommend this game though. I do warn that it does however require UPlay. I have no ill will toward UPlay. But I do know that a lot of people have issues with it. You have been warned... unless you didn't read this far, then it's your own damn fault, sorry.Anyway, some starting tips.Buy a cure poison spell as soon as you save enough coins. (Shop is North West of the first town. Near the exit, past the well.)Have a designated healer. Bit of a no brainer, it does help a lot.Level high fire magic early. A dwarven Rune Priest is highly recommended, they do pretty awesome damage! There's a pretty tough earth elemental boss that's quite difficult if you aren't prepared, and Fire magic is the best way to do that.Destiny = Dexterity.When you level up, there'll be a little button next to your character portrait. Click on that to spend attributes / Skill Points.Don't be afraid to explore, but dangerous caves are what they tell you, dangerous. Come back to them later!TL:DR. I was bored, Figured I'd review a game... wait, this is too honest for a TLDR.Hope you buy it, and if you do, I hope you enjoy it!"
,Recommended,238750,24656318,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,LOVEEEER,"Here is a quick review for you from a M&M veteran.Pros:-Nice story.-Nice graphics although not too good but who gives a toss about graphics anyways.-Feels like Might and Magic.-Is indeed fun.-Has a nice hotkey bar that you can place your spells on so you don't need to open your spellbook 24/7. Makes things easier in my opinion.-They finally upped the magic damage so you can sometimes 1 shot entire crowds when you crit with your spells.-Decent sound effects.-The undead look super cool.-All wizard party is a wonder to behold. With crits added, your magic attacks can do a lot of damage and the game becomes even more enjoyable and easier. It is so good that I ACCIDENTALLY KILLED EREBOS INSTEAD OF USING THE SHARDS TO SUMMON THE LIGHT FROM THE VESSEL. ♥♥♥♥ER JUST DIED BECAUSE MY CHAIN LIGHTNING HIT FOR 2 K DAMAGE AND CREDITS JUST STARTED ROLLING.- Nice dungeon design. Although since it's tile based, it's mostly visuals, not too much variety, very few secrets, traps etc. compared to the other games. It could have been a gray labyrinth and from ""gameplay"" point of view, the dungeons would have basically been the same. But still they mostly look nice in my opinion.- I like Ashan better than Enroth. Has a more interesting lore in my opinion.- Crag Hack is back my dudes.Cons. Oh boy.- Not even half of the content of mm6 mm7 or mm8. Probably inferior even to mm9. This bothered me the most. You cannot even do the promotion quests of other classes for example. Oh and there is only one promotion for each class instead of the usual two.- 4 races. 3 classes for each and class design isnt very intricate.- Obligatory tile based movement and buffs. Didnt bother me that much but still, only turn based is a bit off putting.- TONS of sound effects and textures (mostly monsters) are recycled from Dark Messiah of Might and Magic, Heroes of Might and Magic 5 and some others.- Basically one map. Really. One. Map.- Since it is so small no flying whatsoever. Very limited freedom.- WHEN YOU ARE OUT OF A BLOODY CITY, IN OPEN FIELDS, THE CITIES ARE BASICALLY AT YOUR HEIGHT. IMAGINE THJORGARD, NOW MINIMIZE IT TO YOUR HEIGHT. YES. THAT IS IT.- Unless you have like at least 2 casters, the DLC is impossible to do.- Level cap is 40. Yes. The content is that limited.- Obligatory Uplay login. Did not bother me but might be a bit off putting for other players.- Nearly all status effects last forever. I am not even gonna elaborate like this happens when you get that and such because nearly all of them are broken. Even ♥♥♥♥ing sleep doesn't get dispelled when you get damaged if I am not mistaken. You need to have casters or an endless supply of scrolls to negate status effects (which trigger roughly half of the time when creatures attack) or you literally cannot progress.- Feeblemind --> Death.Overall this isn't as good as mm6, mm7, mm8 or even mm9. But it is nonetheless enjoyable in my opinion. Perhaps a lot more enjoyable than the other games if you go full mage. Seriously, try it. You won't be disappointed. If you like Might and Magic get this. Just don't have super high expectations and you will enjoy it."
76561198166628124,Recommended,238750,31826671,Posted: 18 May,all,jamesat777,"I must say that after wading through all the neg reviews, I bought the game anyway and I'm glad I did. I see the vision they had with the old feel and clunky mechanics, especially the combat. After lots of hours and trying different classes and characters on both difficulties I would recommend this to anyone looking for that old school  gameplay of exploration and turn based goodness. I still get excited opening the treasure chests and ground cashes scattered amongst the landscape, so get out there and may you find vast treasures and hordes of gold coins. /toast+rum"
76561198021726204,Not Recommended,238750,34780205,Posted: 6 September,all,ejnarr,"After two days of struggle with bugs, Uplay, bugs, bad coding, HEX editors, bugs, XML and bugs I wiped clean the game from my hard drive and have gone eye-patched and wooden legged, arr! Half of the issues are gone as the result. Please avoid buying the game on steam or better avoid buying anything connected to Uplay."
,Not Recommended,238750,9949209,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,elseer,"At first I enjoyed the game, holding my nose at the silly dual drm situation. It is mostly a fun game. It's far better then Might and magic 9, and feels more like the older games. Might and Magic Legacy contains considerable array of fun game play.I enjoy its quests, puzzles, artwork and music. the class structure and progression is pleasing as is most of the game play. Over time, the game clearly has great re-playability and solid involvement from the community at large. However its likely too unfinished, too unforgiving  and too poorly balanced to recommend to most folks.Prior to the end game (and often during the end game) I had to use cheat tools to transport my characters out of various places to sell goods, level up, stock up on porions and goods, etc breaking up the game play. This is really strange since in the prior games, you could just back track or teleport out when you needed to exit a dungeon.  Had there not been cheat tools I would have found the game unplayable.I found I had to extensively use community generated hint guides since many  of the game goals are so arbitrary and poorly expressed I got lost easily. This is at odds with the other Might and Magic games and many modern games where I usually do not need to cheat and rarely need hints. Generally the only need I had of community tools in prior versions were for better maps, locations for alchemy ingredients  and trainer locations.However as the end game approached the game has grown more and more tedious. The developer chose to lock you in a dungeon without escape on several occasions the worst of which is the end game. if you don’t plan especially well the game will grow tired and tedious or simply unplayably  difficult. Add to that that some quests can not be completed until you finish the game, and the general uneven game play, I simply cant suggest you buy the game in 2014 until the price comes down. I bought the game at 25% off and feel a bit cheated.If you like the turn based style, consider the game only if its on sale (or has come down in price) and after you have exhausted other games in the series and general genre. As time marches on, the community will generate patch fixes , the developers may rebalanced the end game, and mods and such that will greatly improve the game , as it did for mm6-8. However as  the game exists now in mid-2014, it feels poorly balanced, arbitrary and a bit tedious now. Its not a bad game but its hardly excellent either. Its just not worth the high price the developer is asking.All that said you will enjoy the game if you like the genre and buy it on sale. You’ll also enjoy the game if you buy it now and wait 6 months or a year forP.s. the time in game is wildly inaccurate as the game is stable enough to alt-tab away from it and do other things. So my time in game shows the game is quite stable if you have enough memory."
76561198008466188,Recommended,238750,9311798,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Matt Chat,"I played this game for 75 hours and enjoyed every minute of it. I would have preferred something more like M&M 6, my favorite of the series, but there's a lot to like about this one. The only real negatives I have with it are terrible framerates whenever I'm out exploring the wilderness (water seems to be bring my Geforce GTX 600 to its knees!) and long loading times. Otherwise, I'm really pleased with this game and really hope they'll make another one."
76561198008038872,Not Recommended,238750,7953968,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Crowtac,"Bought early access, and on the early access forums on ubisoft might and magic X are full of great development suggestions by enthusiastic people to help the game the best as it can be. Unfortunatley the development team recently posted saying that in a nutshell they have nearly finished the game and none of the our suggestion to make this game better are going to be implemented!Yes the screenshots looks good and if your like me you have been waiting for this type of game for an age and a half I would suggest holding fire on it and read the negative reviews that are going to be plasted everywhere in gaming sites upon release because unfortunatley a rush job on a game is still a rush jon no matter how pretty it looks.There is a whole list of basic improvements that the community have been screaming out for things like.Improved monster movement: (some monsters take ages to take their turn and get nto combat range)Useless spells: Even one of the Devs in hes post said that some spell may feel useless...err becasue they are!Ranger class useless: No use of bows in melee range (until late in the game) make the ranger one of the favourite useless classes.Speed of movement: Comminity have been asking for a speed buff to movent for a long time.No paper dolls: When viewing you charcter in the character sheet screenDifficulty issues where a higher difficulty doesn't improve enemy A.I or combat tatics just adds more Health and attack points to the mobs, the community wanted smarted tatics and improved abilities for enemys on higher difficulties.I could go on but really havent got the energy to list all the great suggestions by the community that are basically getting ingnored.Could have been awsome if only they would have taken more time on it."
76561197970537823,Recommended,238750,17910587,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,johnnyvette,"I'm surprised that this game received so many negative reviews.  It is really an amazing game and it feels very much like the old school games but with very good graphics.  You can tell by the hours I have in this game that is was worth every penny and there is a ton to do.  The story is excellent, the characters a great, and you really get hooked after the first few hours.  The developers hyped the ""Legacy"" feel of the game and I believe they were spot on.  I'd LOVE it if they made a sequal or even a few DLC's.  I highly recommend this game if you enjoyed the older M&M games of yesterday."
76561198005376543,Not Recommended,238750,8952174,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,[SC.BO] Ninja,"First off, a rant from a seasoned Might & Magic player.Might & Magic - Massive Frustration would be a better title for this game. The amount of saves and reloads you will need to do to progress by an inch is absolutely insane. I am playing at Adventurer difficulty which in classic M&M is supposed to be ""Normal""... well I have played every single MM from 1 to 9 and I have _NEVER_ had to die and wipe and reload SO many times like in this one. Spellcasters are so useless they become a liability, since for some reason every single mob in the game will always and systematically target them first (oh, your ""tank"" class got the Challenge skill to distract mobs? Well sucks to be you, because a lot of mobs are either immune to it, or the skill gets resisted or misses).Okay, enough complaining for now.So. I'm looking at this game in the eyes of someone who loved MM3-4-5 (I am actually quite amused by all the people that complain about the tile movement, it's what was games were all about :)), so I was expecting a game somewhat ""in tribute"" to that.First off, graphics. It's a modern ""tile movement"" title, actually they quite cleverly built a world that looks smooth but where movement is tile based. On the other hand, sometimes it's a bit tricky to understand where do you need to go, so you will often end up checking the minimap. This is not too bad to be honest, since in the old games you ended up having Wizard Eye cast most of the time and that's what you would be looking at.Side note on this, there is a bug that prevents you from changing your texture quality if you open the menu from inside the menu. You need to do it from the main menu of the game!On the Storyline I'm not commenting. We all know that it's no longer the original M&M world from NWC. I don't like most of the changes they made, nor I like the fact that it looks like Heroes of M&M is suddendly the ""story-driver"" of the game. All Sci-fi elements from the classics removed (they were the core of the story, so how can you remove them? Mah.), now it's just a bread and butter fantasy game. This specific title is decorated with a cartload of references to the old games (like Maximus the Knight, Crag Hack the Pirate - yeah no comment on this one -,  the Forbidden Saga quest, just to name a few) but that's not enough to build a story you might care about. There is not going to be Sheltem at the end or anything anyway.The Game System is where the entire game is played and that's where things become frustrating, annoying, confusing and misterious. There are four playable races, each with a variety of defensive melee, offensive melee and spellcaster. Each class can further specialize in a prestige class later on. Most of the traditional class names from M&M are completely gone. The base attributes of the characters are no longer the classics either and now we have things like Destiny and Perception (which increases ""all attack values by x"") and this is where the prime confusing quality of the game shines: it's really hard to understand what each value does. You get 4 attribute points to distribute at each level up, but if you knew better what was the impact of everything, choices would be easier.From the beginning of the game, melee classes will shine outright, while you will be left very much puzzled over the effectiveness of spells which get resisted systematically. As you move onward, your mages will become a total liability and die repeatedly (making them lose XP in the process, apparently even if you are unconscious you don't get XP, what kind of bizarre design is that?), causing you to enter a tragicly boring loop of eternal save and reload. Gone is the whole hatred system from the old M&M days where mobs would prioritize attacks based on race/class hatred, simply accept the fact that all mobs will always automatically attack and kill your weakest character all the time and you will not be able to do anything about it most of the time. If you add to this the incredibly lazy design choice of making mobs appear out of nowhere all the time (pretty much any meaningful encounter is like that), making strategic placement impossible (since you will always be flanked), you are in an incredibly rough, frustrating ride.And that's the main issue. Making a tribute game to the old days does not mean ""make a game stupidly hard"". This game is not hard, it's just extremely badly balanced. You need to cross zones with incredibly tough mobs to access areas defended by extremely easy mobs. You need to clear dungeons inhabited on one level by very easy minions and on the next by nigh-impossible elites. It's this constant schizofrenic design that leads to a completely unfun experience, for the mere fact that the immense amount of trial and error required to get anything done will bore you to death. It's a shame really, but unless they release some kind of magical patch that fixes all this, MMX becomes quickly a chore you do not want to play.Avoid it."
,Not Recommended,238750,14647181,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,|$m0k!n|-4HUD-,"Addendum to the Might & Magic (World of )X(een) Legacy.It's not a bad game, but it's pretty average and a bit too much on the clunky side with a lot less freedom than previous games.This game is somehow like a watered down spin-off from the Might & Magic 3-5 World of Xeen. It uses the same base mechanics for Map layout, Movement and Combat, which was fine twenty years ago, but feels pretty clunky today. There is also a few inclusions from Might & Magic 6 like the use of Hirelings and a few categories for Spells and Skills and the use of a Skill and Promotion system.Character creation is more streamlined, but also more boxed in, because everything each Class can learn and to what extent is laid out bare and square with progress bars and totally locked in. You can't add more Points to a Spell or Skill than the Limit of your Rank. There are four Races, each with three distinct Classes that each represents the Might, Hybrid and Magic Class of that Race. There are no limits in regards to which Race and Class you make for your Party, but since the game has no alternative Light Source other than what Magic provides you are going to have a really hard time dealing with Dungeons and underground Areas without a Dwarf (with Fire Magic) or a Class with Light or Dark Magic. If you decide to take a Shot at the Might Achievement you would be really darksided without a Dwarf in the Party, just saying. There are also no requirements for Grandmastery of Light and Dark Magic as there is no kind of Alignment or Reputation system at all.Combat is quite clunky. You can only attack Enemies that are on the same Line as the one you are standing on and only within a limited Range, which makes Enemy movements look really silly as they slide sideways into Combat and the only Tactic that you can really apply to Combat is to make sure to stand in a Corner, Tunnel or Doorway where the Enemies can't attack you from more than one Side and there is also a limit to how many Enemies can stand on the same Square, which means they will just wait and queue up for the Slaughter. You can only Escape as long as you don't have direct Enemy Contact, but once an Enemy stands next to you you can't move at all.I can understand why there is no water-walking (no flight, swimming and climbing neither), because that part have been tied into the Story and added as a Roadblock, but I don't understand why there are no Town Portals or Loyds Beacons. Alternatively, you can move around from Obelisk to Obelisk once you have unlocked them and you can add Markers to the Map to remember where they are and what they are called which is visible on the World Map, but they are all quite remote. There is a Spirit Beacon referred to in the description of Primordial Magic as a Spirit Gate, but you can only have ONE one-way ticket for the whole Party despite having several Characters with the same Spell. I really hate all this pointless walking, which it becomes once you have explored it all, because there are never any interruptions or encounters on the Path. The Area Map which is the only Map that shows all the paths can't be zoomed in or out and since there are a lot of Deadends you'll be wasting a lot of time moving from Place to Place, especially when you need to buy a Rank or Spells. There is no free movement at all, but a lot of Maze like Tunnels across the Landscape, through Forests and rocky Terrain. Once you acquire the ability to walk on water you realize that there is remarkably little water that you can actually walk on.The only really nice thing the Game offers is that you can add your own Markers to the Map, which is visible on the World Map and Area Map and helps a lot to find Trainers again and to keep track of Obelisk and remember where you've been and so on, but unfortunately the Markers you add to a disconnected Area or City is only visible within that Place.There is also no kind of permanent Item Enchantment in the game. You can't make your own Items or Enchant them with Magical Properties. No point in lugging around anything else than Magic Items, that you intend to use.Each character has an action bar with ten Slots, but only one. There is no switching between them or making more, which is really too limited.There is quite a lot of Puzzles and Riddles in the game, which is a bit of a testamony to the old games, but the ones that require you to move around a lot and step on plates in different order or keep track of teleportation Paths are really quite boring and tedious and the clunky Interface is not helpful at all in this regard.There are a few funny references to Army of Darkness and other Race specific comments to nature and actions, but unfortunately they are just barely chuckleworthy. Your Characters really bark a lot in Combat.The Story, Sound and Dialogue is pretty decent, but the Graphics are really low-res and it doesn't really support any Resolution at all. The game looks exactly the same in 1280x800 as it does in 1920x1200. It really looks at least ten years older than it is, but due to a tremendous lacks of optimization in the Unity Engine, which is powering the Game, it's actually pretty taxing on your GPU for no reason at all. The game looks nice from a Distance with Shadows and different Light Effects, but it's really blurry up close.I bought the game on Steam, but I also needed to install Ubisofts UPlay and create an Account in order to play the Game, but UPlay is really half-baked. It tracks my Achievements and seriously slow down loading on Area transistions, but it neither record nor unlock Actions and Rewards and thus I can't unlock any new 'free' Areas. I can't unlock any of the Game Content with Upoints.The DLC The Falcon & The Unicorn is really short. It's like an End Chapter, which isn't available until you've finished the main Game, and it's actually quite hard. It begins with a Blast of the most cumbersome tediousness of Puzzle solving as the worst parts of the game with a massive moving around. Once you get the hang of it it's quite simple, but incredible boring, because there is really no challenge at all. Until you get it right, until you understand the mechanics it's a massive waste of time."
76561198008534531,Not Recommended,238750,16284198,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,zonemagorgo,"Lowbrow, soulless and cheap want-to-be Might and Magic game. M&M 1-8 are good, great and amazing. 9 is horrible and then this one happened. Good Old Games (GoG) has the other ones for a great price. Get Worlds of Xeen and then understand why this one is such a pile of....now I understand I am being very negative. I mean to be because I had so many high hopes for this one. I would have looked past the required Uplay if it was what it should have been, but it is not what it could have been. Day of the Destroyer, Mandate of Heaven, Worlds of Xeen, Isles of Terra. Those four Might and Magic games are great and much cheaper, get those. Thank you Ubisoft for making another flub of a game."
76561197984700366,Recommended,238750,11880791,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,c_nich,"Classic Might + Magic FPS turn-based grid gameplay, and a love letter to Clouds / Darkside of Xeen.  Teaching-by-slaughter, riddle chests, epic gear that levels with you, wide skill trees, tons of random crap to discover when you just run off into the woods."
76561198020586501,Not Recommended,238750,22802540,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Scribbles,"This is way, way worse than the old Might and Magic games. Less customization (only two portraits and voices per gender per race. Don't like a portrait? Too bad. They're hard-coded and there's no way to get more; also the voices are annoying as hell). It's uglier than the old M&M games too. The graphics are technically better (though about ten years outdated by modern standards), but the art design is far worse. Towns just look barren and boring. The gameplay is eh. Not as good as the old M&M. It's much, much, much simpler. They've dumbed it way down.so why do I have so many hours? I love Might and Magic. I have thousands of hours on 6, 7, and 8 throughout my childhood. I wanted to like this. I realized, eventually, that I hated every moment of it. This game is just bad."
,Recommended,238750,11616696,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Boozie,"This is basically Xeen (MM4) with a party of 4 and more customization/options.  Turn based tile map party RPG.  I'm about halfway through and definitely enjoying the game. I will probably wish there was more overall content when I'm done, but I will get over it by firing up WoX (MM4+MM5)."
,Not Recommended,238750,34568627,Posted: 28 August,all,Cusser,"Uplay. I'm tired of cracking games I already paid money for. When will they get it? Stop trying to make Uplay happen. It isn't going to happen. Steam already offers a vastly superior option. Won't someone at ""OO BEE SOFT"" please grow a pair and tell the suits in charge that it won't work?"
,Recommended,238750,12909392,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Vejita,"The game is not without flaws and bugs. However, despite all the problems, the game is a lot of good fun. It has no problem squashing you like a bug with difficulty and it still manages to capture that Might and Magic feel despite the low budget.I get the feeling that if the same development studio was given more money to produce another game, it'd be quite good once they ironed out the kinks. Sadly, that likely won't happen.Don't expect much with the story/dialogue though. Only get it for the gameplay."
76561198009595827,Recommended,238750,7467312,"Posted: 24 October, 2013",all,Dickmeis,"For me this is a RPG game, this﻿ kind of game isnt made since the last century, Stonekeep the last I remember. That is more than 15 years!! since then the game industry and the game mechanics were increasingly moving away more and more from the games that I enjoyed most, hundreds of thousands of games were made and non like this, and suddenly LoG appears and sets the flame, and from the ashes. like the phoenix, Might and Magic rebirth. I cannot express how much happiness i´m feeling right now"
76561198007608802,Not Recommended,238750,29424164,Posted: 22 January,all,Nominal 1,Two years after E.A. game and registration still broken. Still can't get the 2nd Act to work and help links are now gone.
76561197994868005,Recommended,238750,33440138,Posted: 10 July,all,Buffoon,"I loved this game and still go back and play it sometimes.  This is old-school, turn-based, party-based, (mostly) open-world rpg goodness with new graphics and sound.  The people that complain about the difficulty and lack of spoon-feeding need to go back to their baby food."
76561198020013029,Recommended,238750,8821006,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,OgreMage,"So much has improved in the release version of early access  that it cant all be listed.A few examples are the movement rate being smoothed outcompletely, FSAA being added and overall game balance issues being taken care of.Definitely recommend it to any oldschool MM fan!"
76561198024894178,Recommended,238750,11427156,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Yamin Jie,"New fans may not enjoy this game. I've had the pleasure of growing up with the Xeen, Eye of the beholder and other turn based games. Here you will find updated graphics but this game does miss out on modern boss mechanics. A few of these moments exists in the game but this was a missed opportunity by the developers. Everything else in this game is true to the previous series. You will need to save often and build a balanced party (Tank, DPS, Healer and Mage). I finished 1 play through with Paladin (Tank), Barbarian (DPS), Ranger (DPS/Heal with Regen) and Freemage (Heal/AOE/ Damage mitigation spells).8/10 if scoring for older fans"
76561197982918615,Recommended,238750,32461164,Posted: 15 June,all,xanthia,"Classic, RPG feel, New feeling.Not for kids that want the easy to win game!"
,Recommended,238750,31237706,Posted: 19 April,all,wipiton,"Never played any of M&M games before. This one is  good.Open (though not so big) world, decent graphic, good combat, old-school feel - enough for me to recommend it."
76561197962334034,Recommended,238750,28746314,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,amenomania,"Might and Magic X doesn't try to reinvent the fantasy RPG, it sticks pretty close to the roots and the tried and true tropes of the genre.  And that's precisely why it's fun.You will create a party of heroes, and you've got a decent variety of options to choose from, enough that I wanted to play again after finishing to try out some different party makeups with different skills.The game plays out on a grid, viewed from a first person perspective, which gives it a classic dungeon crawler feel, but you've also got some convenient modern concessions such as the ability to look around freely, and an automap.  This gives you just enough of those old-school tingles to warm your aging nerd heart, without the frustration of trying to map the entire world yourself on graph paper or figure out which direction you are facing. (I know there are those who prefer that level of masochism in their gaming, I'm not among them, these are dealbreakers for me these days.)You'll get a decent level of challenge on the default setting -- you will have to think about your own party's skills and spells, and how they will work against different monsters attacks and defenses.  It's not coddling you but it's not so ""hardcore"" as to be unfun.   There is no level scaling here, so you will need to explore around the world a bit at times looking for encounters that are appropriate to your squad's level.  Personally i enjoy this part of the game, but if you're looking for an open-world experience where you can go anywhere you wish and always find beasties who aren't quite good enough to kill you, this isn't it.This game scratches some of my chronic itches that big budget games just won't touch anymore, much as I love them.  Namely:It's turn-basedIt's party-basedthere's no level-scalingit lets itself have fun with charming little gimmicks like riddle chests and open-ended questions.It's not driven by a cinematic narrativeIt doesn't try to reinvent the genre.These last two points are the key to why I have enjoyed playing the game so much.  There's something mentally taxing about playing a game that tries to introduce a lot of new elements, especially when it's a heavily story driven experience.  I have to invest time and energy learning a whole new world, yes sometimes that's great.  But sometimes the story or gameplay doesn't hold up and I end up abandoning the game.  Sometimes I just want to kill monsters and loot treasure in a world that goes back to the familiar well of orcs, elves and dragons.So, give me simple, give me palatable, give me something that feels old-fashioned, but looks nice and bows reasonably to modern game conventions like automaps and quest journals.  Give me something that fits like an old shoe, without the stink.  give me more games like M&MX."
76561198032830864,Not Recommended,238750,23983806,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,<HW> {GaS} Your_Local_Dr.Crun,"Might and Magic X I can only some up as a OK, there is enjoyment to be found in this game but there are many stretches where the game comes across as repetative and grindy. There is a nostelgic feel for old school western RPGs and if you are a fan of this niche genre then you will get your monies worth for the game. However, there is a reason why this style of RPG went out of date and I believe this game falls incredably short of reviving it. The combat system was fairly basic although not in a bad way, the depth for leveling up however was somewhat lacking and the different abilites only a few seemed playable, which hearts the replayability of the game. The positivies I found out of the game was the atmosphere, it did feel like I was inside the Might and Magic world and the lore was present in the form of the collectables in the game. The main narrative however had its high and lows but for the most part I feel like it continued on from Heroes VI well enough. In the end I really, really wanted this game to be amazing as I loved the story of Heroes VI and am a fan of this style of RPG however the game fell flat and I was simply left wanting more. I am hopeing one day the studio retries to make another RPG M&M  game but puts in as much effort as they have done with there past games.Rating: 5.5/10"
,Recommended,238750,30159739,Posted: 24 February,all,aldegoth,I loved this game.  If only there were more like it.You'll probably not enjoy it if you're a fan of the heroes games but if you like old school dungeon crawlers then this is well worth the money.
,Recommended,238750,9681280,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,RPGEndBoss,"Though imbalance and often times frustrating, this true-to-form throwback CRPG is the kind of game we played growing up in our late 80s / early 90s DOS-fueled youth. If the idea of slogging your way through baddie-infested grid movement dungeons and min/max'ing your party appeals to you, then MMX is the best way to spend your next 50 or so hours. Keep in mind though, this game is horrendously unfair at times, and victory comes through equal amounts of skill and luck."
76561198003566968,Not Recommended,238750,29620468,Posted: 31 January,all,LastSide,"BUYERS BEWARE! THIS IS A DEFECTIVE PRODUCT!!!Its a Gem riddled with Bugs, Glitches, Graphics problem, performance problem (dipping below 30 and 20 fps), sometimes you cant even save, there have been reports that you cant get pass ACT II because of its faulty In-Game DRM check, typos, useless Classes (Archery is just useless) and some dungeons feels like a Serious Sam quantity of enemies that overstay their welcome. Im dead ""serious"", as soon as ACT II Starts, its pretty normal to be facing over 6-10 enemies in 1 room of a dungeon that has over 3 floors... do the math.This game needed at least 6 more months in the oven before selling it. Jesus! Feels like a crime putting this game on STEAM!If you can tolerate that and get it at least 5 bucks(or whatever price you think is worth), you can enjoy this turn based rpg. 4 races and each one having 3 classes to choose from. Over 40+ hrs of gameplay."
,Recommended,238750,31934083,Posted: 24 May,all,Zeriot,"It took me a while to actually try out this game, even if I ever since Might and Magic VI - Mandate of Heaven have been a huge fan of the series. The turn based restricted movement in this game makes it a bit different from the Might and Magic games I played, but the overall nostalgic feeling is present anyhow and I truly enjoyed solving every quest and the dlc. Oh, and a tip based on the dlc, get yourself some mages.I have read some reviews about the game that complained about lack of information given about quests and such, but to me it felt refreshing to once again play a game that does not hold your hand or help you overly much. Though, do take into consideration I grew up with and loved other vague games Fallout II and Morrowind.This game is definitely for you if you have played and liked the previous games in the series (excluding Might and Magic IX which nobody honestly can like). However, if you are new to games like this it is probably going to be much harder for you to like it."
,Recommended,238750,8887644,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,WIZARD OF RAP,"This game captures a certain era and type of first-person party-based dungeon crawler that Legends of Grimrock couldn't hope to cover, and it does a good job. The world isn't as interesting or charming as older Might & Magic games but the core gameplay is both tactical and engaging, and if you have fond memories of turn-based first-person dungeon crawls, this game will bring them all flooding back.It seems to follow a Dark Souls-esque difficulty curve: It's tough, but if you think about what you're doing you can make it through."
76561197998467493,Recommended,238750,8836090,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,beloved_lokisdottir,"FOR 64 BIT OS-Much better in 64 bit. I had to buy a new copy of Windows, since my old one was OEM and I had changed out the motherboard.Unity still sucks and it is still an insane resource hog, but the game itself is kinda fun.PS- I haven't spent that many hours playing it. If I'm alt tabbed out of it for a day or two, or even if uplay is just still running, and SOMETIMES even steam, then Steam thinks I'm playing.FOR 32 BIT OS-Unity? Really?Either it is the game engine itself, or this game has been so poorly coded that it has zero optimization and demands more memory usage than, well, any other game out there.This, despite it being a small game that has nothing close to cutting edge technology. It is a retro style game with grid movement.As a result of the poor coding or poor game engine, while 32 bit software is listed as supported, it really isn't, as the game only partially works with it.Using a 32 bit OS (even Windows 7) you only get some sounds. No player barks, no ambient sounds, no monster sounds. Just some music and button clicking sounds.Also, you only get ""medium"" textures, but this is a deceptive turm, since the texture quality is low- medium- high- very high- ultra.With medium level textures, this game looks like it was made by two indie game developers in a basement during their time off from work. In the year 2003.This is a shame, as a lot of love and hard work has clearly been poured into the game, and it's artwork.Pretty sad for me, too, as I've been waiting so very, very long for a new Might and Magic game! Might and Magic III was my frst game in the series. I played that little RPG to death!If you have a 64 bit OS, I'm sure it's great.If you have a 32 bit OS, and, like me, cannot afford to upgrade/lost your original CD and key, don't bother. I know it's listed in the steam store as being supported, and it's listed by ubisoft as being supported, but that's a lie. If you complain, they'll cut and paste a blurb about how it isn't recommended and you should just upgrade to a 64 bit OS. Thanks, guys.A lot of people were decived by what they heard about the early release, too, since 32 bit OS players could, pre-release, play with all the sound and max texture quality, instead of the butt-ugly silent thing they got at release.Speaking of, I bought the digital deluxe version.  Where's my soundtrack? I was supposed to get a soundtrack for paying the $5 extra for my butt-ugly game.And really? I used Steam because I hate uPlay and how flaky it is. But no. Nope! You have to go through TWO DRM software systems. You have to go through Steam, and then what loads up? uPlay! Awesome! So you have to be running Steam and uPlay to run this game. AND use an activation key. A key which Steam seems to think it needs you to copy and paste and apply EVERY TIME YOU START THE GAME. You also get to sit and watch it try to install dirextX and .net framework and something else every time you start it up. Come on now, son. Come on.Do you really think everyone's going to want to pirate this game so badly?Oh, and thanks for adding in the paper doll int he inventory that everyone wanted. Except... y'all missed the whole point of it. We liked the paper doll in 6-8 because you could put them in the armor you found, and see it. Instead, it's just an illustration of the class and gender, and one of two (way too small for some reason, in a number of cases) heads that just gets pasted on the body interchangeably, per race and gender. Zzzz. Pointless...The good? You want the good? Okay. Well, I like that they brought back the characters showing their state of health in their main portraits. Somebody gets poisoned? They turn green and look sick. That's neat.The 2D UI looks nice. I wish the game world didn't look like orc poop, but the UI looks nice.The action bar is a good thing. Having access to more than one spell at the click of a button is a great idea.That's... that's all I can think of. I keep trying to play it. I keep trying to get into it and I just can't. It's so broken in a 32 bit OS. :(Sorry. it sucks."
76561198097261260,Not Recommended,238750,21493520,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Saberian,"Ok, I am a big Might & Magic fan and have played MIght & Magic since the beginning back on a Commodore 64 with Might & Magic 1 & 2.  I can say that prior to this game Might & Magic VI was the best version that I had come across and when this game came out in that style and for the Mac I was absolutely estatic and had to get the game.Pro's:  Has the same feel as the MIght & Magic VI style of play.  Pretty badass game to that extent.Con's:  This is a major con.  The game as far as I can see does not respawn.  So when you finish a map, you literally finish a map.  Yes, you can travel through the map itself to get to another part but have no way to develop a more powerful character.  You are basically limited to the level that the game is setup for.  This gives control to the gameplay to keep it complicated for the customers, but it takes out the randomness of the game, which once you realize that, the game seriously loses its appeal.  I literally went back to Might & Magic VI by downloading Crossover and the PC version on my Mac to play the game.  It plays flawlessly but Might & Magic X just does not compare to VI.They were so close yet unless they change that part of the game, I would have to give this a thumbs down :("
,Recommended,238750,9032220,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,HaasGaming,"Might & Magic X: Legacy is a pleasant throwback to old school dungeon crawlers, but it is limited in what it manages to pull off. If you are looking for a huge focus on story, NPC interaction or a powerful atmosphere then this is not going to be it. On the other hand, if you are looking for a heavy combat focus with a great sense of progression then you are going to have a blast with this game.Certainly not perfect, it's a highly enjoyable combat-oriented dungeon crawler with plenty of combat.Full review:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kloN6vxlAwU"
,Recommended,238750,9783556,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Miss Mae,"I adore this game, but the fact that I'm a prime candidate for the nostalgia trip is probably helpful. I really enjoyed playing through the story quest and discovering so many other things along the way. There's still plenty for me to go back and explore even though the main plot is over. :)"
76561198259838766,Recommended,238750,30799249,Posted: 28 March,all,Solivarnik,"I think the mixed reviews status are a bit unfair to MMX, since it is getting bad reviews mostly because of Ubisoft♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥games by idiotic DRM and weird useless stuff.I am a fan of the old Might and Magic (especially 6,7,8)  and Hereoes of Might and Magic 2 and 3 games.This is a good game. Not an awesome game, not average, it is just a good game you will enjoy playing. It is not a might and magic sequel, so if you expect the same thing as MM 6,7,8 was, you might get surprised. I was and it was a pleasant surprise.The game is long enough and has decent replayability. Graphics are nice, sounds and music okay. Story is just perfect for such grid dungeon (or forest?) crawler.So, I recommend this game. Maybe not for the full price, but when discounted, I absolutely recommend it.Oh yeah, one more thing - I had to use pen and paper for some puzzless and riddles while playing this game. After 20 years.Edit: I bought it with Might and Magic 6. Of course, not working on W10. Ubisoft, of course, does not give a damn about players, just milking and milking. Lazy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s, I am surprised, they did not update MM6 to use DRM and Ucrap registration. Also, Ucrap does stops giving you points for achievemnts on MMX, so you cant buy bonus stuff.So, MM X is a great game, Ubisoft is still a band of incompetent greedy and lazy jerks."
,Recommended,238750,8864267,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Erebus,"Might and Magic X is a real treat for fans of open-world exploration and dungeon crawling. The game delivers an old-school first-person RPG experience complete with cities, landscales, dungeons, side-quests, vast character/party builds, and some choices to make along the way. The turn-based combat is as fast-paced as you want it to be, and it serves to curb double-step exploits found in similar, older RPGs. Deciding how to level-up your characters is involving, and you can really make the characters you set out to. The default (lower) difficulty feels perfect, if not a tiny bit too easy for series veterans; by no means is it a pushover, nor is it as punishing to newcomes as some mainstream reviews may suggest.The game feels balanced and polished, at least for the 20+ hours I've played it. I have encountered a couple small bugs, but nothing game-breaking, and the developers have made it clear they will continue to support the game into the future.Overall, if you are a fan of old-school RPGs with modern advancements, or are to new Might and Magic, this is a game worth getting."
,Recommended,238750,11129053,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Vladimir Vladimirovich Putin,"Might and Magic X - LegacyPositives:+ Successfully emulates the old-school Might and Magic series, with a party creation system which feels very familiar. There's also other classic additions, such as portraits of your characters in-game. Many of the distinct Might and Magic sounds from the games 7-9 have been re-used, which brings back memories.+ Graphically, the game looks modern and interesting, which is great.+ A fairly large game world to explore with relative freedom, quite a few quests to engage in as well, along with class promotions.+ Story is intriguing and lengthy, took me about 55 hours to complete all main quests, with side quests included.+ Lots of different monsters to fight - naga samurai, air, earth, fire and water elementals, brigands, harpies, griffins, cyclopses, goblins, minotaurs...and many more.- Turn based combat which is different from Might and Magic 7-9, but actually works really well, giving you a chance to tactically assess what spells you'll cast and how you'll attack.Negatives:- Throughout the game a lot of audio is constantly repeated (such as locals talking), and for some people this might get irritating.- Decent amount of puzzles with varying difficulties, although I found some of these to be tedious, boring and annoying, resorting to simply googling the solutions.- Grid based movement, which is a step down from conventional games where you can freely turn and walk in any direction. While this isn't ideal it doesn't drastically impact on the fun of the game, it just means it's not as fluid as it could have been.Overall Score: 8/10Might and Magic X - Legacy is an excellent RPG which mirrors the old series from the 1990s. Even if you're a Might and Magic 7-9 fan, you should still grab this game because it's awesome fun."
,Recommended,238750,13587009,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Wendell,"Dang, this game has some problems!  ONE action bar for spells?  Like, World of Warcraft figured out how to put little arrows providing access to multiple bars back in 2004!  How do you forget to do this?  And having trainers be spread far and wide across various cities is tedious.  I don't see the point of that!  The writing is lifeless, but at least it isn't overly wordy.However, tile-based movement through dangerous dungeons featuring turn based combat.  THAT is what I want from a game like this, and that's what I got, so I'm happy.  I also like that there are frequent level ups with various stat points to allocate.  That's fun too."
,Recommended,238750,9276049,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,TheSilverHammer,"The game mechanics are a bit old school.  Depending on what you are into, this is either a good or bad thing.  I definitly like this game although the only thing I dislike about it (and old-school thing) is that there are a fair amount of riddles and puzzles.  While not particularly hard, I do not have the patience for these and find them quite tiresome.The loot is also uninspiring.  Pretty much I found the best weapons when I got to the 2nd town (very early in the game) and by the end of the game I only found replacements that were *slightly* better and these were supposid 'relics' of power.My final complaint is the events leading up to the final battle.  You go through several long levels of fighting the same enemies over and over.  It is quite tedious and boring.  I mean, if you have destroyed 10 sets of the same enemies under various ""ambush"" scenerios, I think you have proven your point that you can handle these guys.  Why then, make you go on and fight another 40 sets of these guys?  It is lazy game deisgn.Other than that, this game is well worth the asking price since it is so cheap."
76561198066022068,Not Recommended,238750,14657965,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,BOBTHEBUILDER,"Screw this game. I was excited to play a new might and magic title but this is nothing but frustrating and poorly put together. Game has a throwback feel and is certainly fun at times, but quickly turns to an overwhelming amount of trial and error in the face of constant death. I enjoy open world games with exploration and a variety of monsters. This game tries to appear open but is really extremely linear as any time you go the wrong way at all you die. I am sick of looking at that loading screen.Other problems include: U play account needed, extremely sub par graphics, low and inconsistant framerates, long load times, repetitve obnoxious sounds, Journal doesnt include trainer locations, default party is garbage, lack of any fast travel, no retreat from combat, poor map systemThese are all things that could be forgiven if the gameplay was great, but its not. Even if you are a fan of previous M&M titles, AVOID."
76561198029129704,Not Recommended,238750,22969479,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Mythos Loric,"I first should say I liked this game, but I liked it for all the wrong reasons, the gameplay is subpar at best and you can end up glitched into a situation where you have to reload from a previous save or a situation where you might have to reload from so long ago that it might as well be restarting. Additionally if you uninstall for whatever reason and re-install if you didn’t personally back up your saves they may just disappear.In the game the general forced turn-based style (which while in heroes has been optional in regular Might and magic since 1995) not only slows the game down to a crawl but makes it incredibly easy to defeat enemies, in actuality the only time you will ever have any difficulty in this game is when they force you onto a ledge before spawning the enemies or in hallways where you magically get surrounded. But the worst offense this game commits is making it impossible to fix any mistake you made. Now I know I said enemies were easy so this shouldn’t be a problem but it is since no enemy ever respawns there is a limited amount of gold and exp in the world and dead characters don’t get exp. So in those rare fights where you get surrounded and one of your party members falls it misses out on everything, and this can be especially troubling if you are under-leveled for a boss (bosses tend to be either right next to you or force you onto a ledge and then over) because you think “oh I only need a little bit more exp then I can do this” but there’s nothing left you have to reload from a save usually a few hours (minimum due to the slow pace of the game) and do everything again hoping that this time you will only to find out that you needed to load further back in your files.Personally this game I did say I liked and I’ll tell you exactly why, because Might and Magic 6 was the first great game I ever was able to play being able to play another “updated” version of the game made me excited about the future prospects, but since its release there has been no hit at another in the franchise that I am aware of so the hopes of playing another good might and magic game have been dashed.Also in the older games the voices and sound effects though primitive were clever and original, whereas here in this game everything sounds like a b-reel fantasy sound clip thereThe best analogy I can give to this game is imagine someone saw a beloved franchise like say Half-life, now imagine Ubisoft bought Half-life, sure we’d get a Half-life 3 and maybe more, but the game would be completely different with nearly no regard (except for names and maybe general models) for the source materials…In conclusion, Don’t waste your money go find a copy of Might and Magic 6, 7, and 8 (12$ probably total) and enjoy a good 50+ hours of classic fantasy games that are actually good."
,Recommended,238750,14102795,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Kaelib,"While not a GoTY, it is a solid cRPG that does alot of things right, while leaving you scratching your head at other design decisions."
,Recommended,238750,8828084,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Jim,"I've played a fair amount of this now. I bought it way back in early access but I waited because I knew it would only get better and I didn't want to ruin my final experience with the game. It seems some people's experiences in early access weren't that great.I am having quite a bit of fun with it. There's a fair amount of character customization that you can do at the beginning of the game though not quite as much as  the M&M6-8 games. Mainly because you pick 1 of 4 races and each race has 3 class option. Those classes are a little bit limited in their further skill customization but there's still a fair amount of diversity to be had in terms of skill choices. You're also limited to 2 voice choices and 2 male potraits as well as 2 female portraits. At first I thought that it was a bit weak but I figured it didn't really matter what they looked or sounded like.As far as the gameplay goes I found a lot of things nostalgic. The sounds they used, the way you interact with buildings, and a few other things reminded me a lot of M&M6-8. The big difference being it's not free roam and it's on a grid but you know what, I'm fine with that. If it was free movement people would compare it to other open world games and that's not fair. It works fine that it's grid based and I didn't find it to hurt the experience at all. When you level up there's lots of customization to be had in terms of skill lines to put skill points into and stat points to distribute. There's also plenty of loot to plunder and equip even though it's kind of annoying how much +resistance gear there is. It feels like a cheap cop out way to avoid giving you a useful stat on the item. Every single green item has +resistance and you have to find a blue item to even get an item worth caring about as green items don't roll anything but +resistance which is all but pointless.Overall I would recommend this game to fans of the series and you should realize this game is a bit different than the M&M6-8 games. That doesn't mean you should avoid it though as there's a lot of fun to be had. Even people who are new to the series. If you enjoy tactical RPG type games then you should enjoy this."
76561198067380911,Not Recommended,238750,28084313,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Spark,I tried to like it. The game play is too restrictive. The game content is too boring and limited for replay or experimentation. I liked the bonus M&M6 free game better than this game.
,Recommended,238750,9648049,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,RUFKNKDNME,"Great, unforgiving gameplay. As horrible as I am about committing to games, and though I have not revisited this for completion, I gladly spent a solid 30 hours playing the first few days after I purchased it. Perfect execution of some classic RPG gameplay."
76561198053618668,Recommended,238750,8804542,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,denis.andel,"HI all,im 32 year old, and as old school player, i love this kind of game, I already tryid early acces version and my feelings from playing    were briliant. I like it, and im really going to enjoy it when the game will be done completelly"
76561197970585838,Recommended,238750,9737315,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,cyz,"if you liked any of the classic might & magics theres a good chance you will like this one too, i personally enjoy it a lot, especially cause its not so ""easy"" as most current rpgs"
,Recommended,238750,9871345,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,jadam914,"This ia a turn based RPG in the classic sense. I have not played a M&M game in a while and like all the others I have played I enjoied it. Despite some glairing short commings this is a good turn based RPG. Over all a good game in its class but lacking in software and graphics departments. The game platform is very heavy weight considering what you get. I would not pay too high a price for this game unless you are a fan boy (I purchased on sale). I find it anoying that I must run Steam and Uplay both just to play this game, got to love DRM's.Pros:-Nostalgic of prior M&M and turn based 1st person party games so there is a level of fermailrlty.-Good amount of content.-D&D style turn based RPG play.-Puzzles and story lines along with the grind.Cons:-System hungry base game platform. I don't understand why a game like this with out top notch graphics or overly complacated would be so system hungry.-Too much travel. Many RPG's have less travel and offer more fast travel of this size. A return to last town would be nice since there are no patrols and everything in the area is already dead.-Graphics have few setting for this system hungry game and seem dated.-Have to run Steam and Uplay both. #@%& I hate having to run one DRM let alone two!"
,Recommended,238750,9886040,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,GamerG,"Enjoyable, reminds me of old school Might and Magic, if you are a fan of the old stuff it's worth buying!"
76561197993931345,Recommended,238750,7372372,"Posted: 12 October, 2013",all,"""Rage""",Must play
76561198047688212,Recommended,238750,21588878,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,region lock dota,"This game pays homage to Might and Magic 1-5 and persoanlly, I like it very much.The good:* Unlike a lot of RPGs today, the combat mechanics are deep and srategic. Should you spend a turn healing and defending or should you take a chance and forgo healing this round to dish out damage with the hope of quickly ending the encounter? Decisions like these make combat satisfying.* Pretty graphics - Bright vibrant colours and nice character models.* Party based RPG that allows for a ton of customization options and increases re-play value.The bad:* Not enough content - The game is a lot of fun, but very short. The DLC addresses this nicely, but even so, the original should have been longer.* The storyline is not very memorable. I still vividly remember the story of Might and Magic 7, but despite having 244 play hours on MMX, I still can't recall the story."
,Recommended,238750,25028423,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,BasiukTV,"Decent Might & Magic game, nothing special, but fans of the series should enjoy it.Game is rather short & doesn't have whole lot of content, but it delivers good immersion and satisfying feeling of nostalgia :)I liked combats & skills system, and those two things are probably most important ones not to screw up in an RPG. I have low demands for graphics & music, so it's hard to dissapoint me there.All downsides for me were already summarized under ""not whole lot of content"". Not too many classes to select from, story plot is short, not too many cities to visit, not too many monsters to fight, not too many spells to learn, skills to train and quests to complete ... some cherished parts from earlier games are missing entirely (card game, killing traps, potion making). But what content provided, is of good quality.To summarize, game is worth playing, but probably has zero replay value, and that tells you something."
,Recommended,238750,16242534,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Dreamshade,"As someone who has not played any other M&M titles, I can recommend this game.I would recommend playing this on the harder difficulty. This forces you to explore everywhere in order to level up, and will greatly reward you for searching every nook and cranny.This game has one interesting niche that sets it apart from other games, everything is finite. There are no respawning monsters, no respawning loot etc. This creates a sense of meaningfulness to every choice you make, when you spend your gold or sell equipment. Because of the way the game is set up you'll often run into enemies that are far too hard for you, or bosses you can't handle yet. I consider this a positive, as it encourages you to explore the world more in order to gear up / level up.If you read other reviews pros and cons, I would agree with most of them. However , this game stands out from other turn based RPG's so much, that I can't help but recommend it. I would love to see a M&M X-2 style game, improving upon it's strengths, and adding more customizability.Pick it up on sale. I'd value it around 15-20$."
,Recommended,238750,9021965,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,chaosblade,"For anyone who is a fan of the older Might and Magic games, Especially the really older ones (1-5), This game is a treat - and a blast from the past - IF you can set aside a few differences.Namely, The size/scale of the game. Don't expect a huge MM6-8 style world with hundreds of side quests - The world is much smaller and the plot is quite simple. Despite that, The loading times might annoy you and it's still a bit buggy. The skill system works a bit differently as well. But other than that..It has the spirit and feel of an MM game. I'd say it's well worth the price and Limbic should be commended for capturing NWC's spirit in this game as well. Hopefully, Next time, Ubisoft will consider a more large-scale MM game.And even if you aren't an MM fan.. This is a pretty nice RPG in today's standards, Giving well over 40-50 hours of entertaining gameplay."
,Recommended,238750,8919543,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,George Bashington,"Damn, this game gave me a headache. Should I recommend it or not? Is it, in the end, a good or a bad game?Well it is both. You're welcome. ;)In fact, MMX is a great old-school RPG, and some might hate it. If you don't like turn-based games, forget about it right away. It will appeal mostly to people who started playing computer games in the 80's and 90's. This said, this category of gamers will regret going back to another feature that was typical of the era: infinite loading times. This is, by far, the most annoying thing in this great game. You'll have to suffer long loadings every two minutes, because it makes you travel a lot, and reload saved games a lot. It is, apparently, very badly programed and suffers from huge stuttering issues on any machine. It runs ""smoother"" on 64-bit systems but doesn't really take advantage of huge amounts of memory as it could. Maybe it emulates floppy disks, I don't know. Let's call it a feature. Oh, and the world looks more like a maze than like an open world, making it difficult to find your way, even if you've discovered every square inch of land (or sea). If you were used to rushing from west to east in a matter of seconds in the old MM series (by tapping arrow keys madly, like Stakanov), you'll be disappointed by how long it takes to travel. It expands the world size artificially, but it works eventually.Now that's all for the bad stuff.Good things about this game? Mainly all the rest. First thing first, it is DIFFICULT. You'll spend hours trying to find the few roads/places where you're safe enough to gain some experience while avoiding dying every minute. Then you'll come back to places that were previously unaccessible to your party and kick some♥♥♥♥♥♥ Or not, and die again. And again. More often than in the old games, except maybe MM6 which was very open and very difficult too.You'll soon discover that you have to make careful choices in your skills, for every character in the party. At first, you'll also be poor as hell, which means that you'll have a hard time training your party while in the meantime healing it, buying new stuff and potions, identifying loot, etc. And then, half way from the end, you'll have not to care about money anymore since you'll have a good 100 k that will never be spent.But don't be fooled: money is one of your problems at first, but not the only one. Money will not buy you extraordinary items that can save your♥♥♥♥♥♥ It will help, but it is not the solution to all your problems. Exploration is much more rewarding than shopping, and as soon as two of your party members will be equiped with fine stuff, things will get easier. A few relics later and you'll be able to deal enough damage to cyclops. Yeeha!Then, there's magic. Remember the title, Might & Magic? Right, you'll need both. All the time. You'll need healing all the time, and above all, good warding spells. With good loot and a good spellcasting timing, you can take on almost any mob - if you're lucky. Yes, luck counts a lot. On the good side, it allows you to do critical damage. On the bad side, so it does for monsters. So you might litteraly obliterate a monster to 10% of its health, then it will do a beautiful critical strike and kill two party members in one blow. And they will not benefit from the experience gained from the fight...Now, should you reload or deal with it and visit a temple ASAP? It's all up to you. You can try again until only your party makes huge amounts of damage, or play fair. You can think hard about a specific puzzle's logic and finally understand how it works, or you can try any combination until the damn chest opens. You can take notes (real notes, on paper) or look for answers on the internet. Play fair and suffer a lot or play safe and... suffer a lot, but a bit less.This game rewards people who like exploring, and who are willing to come back to the same place they died a dozen times before just to see if now, it might be ok. And yes! It opens a new area. Now I can die again! Oh God, now I remember how loud I yelled at my computer in 1994, and why. And I also remember why I kept on playing. Damn, it's good.BUT PLEASE DO SOMETHING ABOUT THE LOADING TIMES."
,Recommended,238750,31833261,Posted: 18 May,all,Zuruck,"I'm usually a harsh critic of games, I loved this game. Maybe the naysayers have well thought out points on why this game didn't make them happy... but I was too busy enjoying this game to care."
,Recommended,238750,9208981,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,QUEZKATOLEN - SWE!,"I have yet only finished act 1 of 4, and thus played roughly 8 hours or so.However, I can say this so far: The game has plenty of rpg fantasy elements, tons of skills and magic to learn, with plenty of equipment to collect. Love it.It offer a lot of things without being complex or confusing, also it reminds me of my childhood classic ""shining in the darkness"" but with diffrent locations, and it let you create your own party from scratch.I give it 8.5 so far!EDITED"" just finished the game, took me 43 hours.The game didnt get better or worse, just more of the same and well worth the 8.5Highly recommended to anyone into fantasy rpg, especially for just 25 euro."
76561197970222712,Not Recommended,238750,9276225,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,K$,"Just don't... it's not worth it. The story is terrible, the ending is even worse, the game play and RPG elements are even clunkier than the old M&M games as well as less fun. The only somewhat decent thing I can say is that the game is fairly large for its price... but that really just means the pain lasts longer.If you want an old school-style grid-based dungeon crawler that was properly brought into the modern age, go play Legend of Grimrock."
76561197975126621,Not Recommended,238750,15586948,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Cazamus,"Might & Magic X - Legacy, is a undeniable example of how a company can get a franchise wrong when rebooting it. MMX is a first person grid turn based dungeon crawler, unlike the free roaming open ended  gameplay of the previous 4 entries (that where created about a decade ago). As the 10th entry into the series, you will find the developer, and publisher Ubisoft, has decided to ignore why the games series previous and fantastic improvements (9 is the exception) by making this a turn based mess. Essentially, the game series went from what I considered the best of the FPS/RPGs (if love casting and shooting while keeping distance and strafing) to a slow paced stratedy game that is relitivly unplayable. I will state this, I can beat MM 6, 7, & 8 by using ANY team that was pre-built for me. If someone wanted to make me a team with 4 clerics, I will figure it out. The previous games where not only slightly forgiving, but the level of satisfaction when you take down massively powerful enemies with fast thinking, running and gunning, and guiding monsters made the previous games some of the greatest power trips a game has ever made me feel. Turning God mode on and cheating is boring, becoming godlike and DECIMATING MASSES OF THOSE WHO HAVE WRONGED YOU EARLIER ON IS FANTASTIC! I loved mowing down fields of enemies in the previous games while keeping a steady radius of death just steps away from me. There is nothing even close to that level of enjoyment with Might and Magic X - Legacy. Its just a slow grid grind of posturing.To put it blunt, with MMX, if you do not build a ""perfect team"" you won't get past the first dungeon. There feels like no character growth, because the game postures you to always be the weakling, until you hit the threshold of level/area and then it becomes stupid easy, and ultimately boring. I am fine with grid based games... for smaller devolpers. Legend of Grimrock is a great game that is cheap, about 1 gig of space, and is fast paced for a grid dungeon game. MMX is a slow paced, combat heavy, character dependent mess. With the team that Ubisoft has, I would hope for better; and rather than deliver what fans of the game series want ( I am sorry, but citing the people that only like the enteries from 1995 and back is just BS, as GOG clearly pushes 6-8 on their website because IT SELLS MORE AND HAS A BIGGER FANBASE) they just flippantly push out this game and tell us that it is how the series will be going. Someone should be fired for the decision. It takes what could have been the next entry into a fantastic series, spaghetti codes it, and makes it a boring, buggy, unplayble mess.I want to like this game, and I have tried to like this game. With the previous ones, as I said before, you do not really need a guide to do anything, you kinda just figure it out. With this entry to the series, it breaks gameplay to have to look up optimal character builds so you can beat a spider. It kills gameplay when the game is so combat driven that any choices for character creation that are whimsicle are rebuked with a re-roll. It breaks gameplay when you have to look up strategies to beat normal characters, or optimize for each dungeon. I like strategy, to a point; but there is a point where dying without learning how to overcome a scenario, unless I consult other material, takes me out of the game outright. And thats what this game feels like, is something that was overburdened with a developer who kept saying ""make it more old school"" well I am sorry but when they did that in the 90's we had to either figure it out or buy a guide, since then the internet has made it so that making games like this is not fun when you know that the solution is a search away. It lacks gameplay, it exhausts my graphics card for some reason (and graphically, this shouldn't be that intense of a game) and overall it just makes me want to play the previous and far supirior games. Even if you like this style of gameplay, there are better and much more satisfying games like this (Legend of Grimrock is a perfect example) that won't hurt your budget, and won't give money to a developer that obviously disregards its fanbase."
,Recommended,238750,9863994,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,psycurt56,"If you love Migth and Magic games, this is right in line for you.  What I really enjoy about Might and Magic X is that you need to really pay attention to play it well.  That might not sound good, but I was tired of games that give you a marker for every quest and tell you where exactly you ned to be.  You won't get that here.  You can shape and mold your characters into whatever you want.  The graphics are much better than the previous Might and Magic games as well, so that's a bonus.  This isn't meant to be a crazy free roam game, it's turn based for the most part with a mix of free roam."
76561197998648374,Recommended,238750,9649159,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,uc,Great game!
76561197964026468,Recommended,238750,9864087,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,LionOfJudah,"I've been searching for a long time for a RPG with this style. Tile based but looks like a real 3D world, and easy to get into. Taking all of my time because I want to explore more of the world and get better equipment and spells. Can't wait to finish my bestiary -- like having a collection of digital 3D models and animations. Glad I bought with 20% discount recently but would also pay full price. I think I'd like to see this on my Xbox 360 as well."
76561197993299430,Recommended,238750,25021701,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,SquishyEye,"I was set on not recommending this during my first few hours of gameplay. It didn't feel like a bad game, but also didn't feel like a good one either. After Legend of Grimrock it just felt so much more shallow and silly and ... just.. not as good.I still don't think it can compare to Legend of Grimrock, but after having put many more hours into it - it grew on me enough to give it a good review.Why is it not as good? Well, the story is not as enticing, the puzzles are less interesting, the upgrades are less exciting, too much clutter loot, and overall not as well-designed. It's designed well enough, but there are plenty of large areas that are there just to waste your time moving through them, while they actually bring no benefit to the game (no monsters to fight, no secrets to find).But despite all that the game still offers plenty of enjoyment. Combat system is turn based, so you have time to control every character without rushing.Leveling up is rewarding, it is possible to make a badass character who can take regular-enemy life bars out in 3-4 hits.There are plenty of spells to cast, weapons to use, armors to put on.There are rings, amulets, potions, buffs, debuffs.Level up system is decent, with both attribute and skill increases.Not every class/race has access to the same tiers of skills, but a lot of them have access to most skills in general, which is nice. For example a mage may not start with a dodge or crossbow skill or be able to advance to a grandmaster level of those, but he can still get to an Expert level.Towns are pretty large with many NPCs, (if you're into that. I'm not, but i appreciate the effort developers put into this.)All in all it's not an amazing game, but it still deserves a positive review because it is well made, and it is actually kind of fun (the battles anyway. i'm all about the battles.) And after you've played through Legend of Grimrock three times and unlocked all the achievements and just don't want to play it anymore but still want something like it - Might and Magic X one is an acceptable substitute."
76561198243896688,Recommended,238750,30879725,Posted: 1 April,all,Kaelandros,"It's like ""Heroes IV"" of the Might and Magic series. Fundamentally different from the rest of the series. Not better, not worse but different..."
,Recommended,238750,10474431,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Seb Toombs,"simply outstanding, really enjoyable pace, i think its beutiful, really grateful this is in my collection! well worth a try"
76561198011337003,Recommended,238750,9603675,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,crohnas,just the way it should be lots of quests loaded with puzzles and the anawers are there if you look for themjust like it was when the game was first generation
,Recommended,238750,33738709,Posted: 23 July,all,Homestar Jogger,"I only recommend this if you are a fan or have a lot of patience.This game succeeds in recreating the Might and Magic ""feel"" except for the puzzles.  Maybe that's just not possible given how easy it is to Google solutions now.  Or maybe the Might and Magic style just does not age well now that I am older.Perhaps the biggest flaw in this game is that I just did not care for the story nor the characters.  I blame this on the Ubisoft reboot and the forced integration with the Heroes franchise.Another flaw is that it requires you to regularly backtrack to do mundane things like train skills (one high level skill requires you to return repeatedly, the last time for an entire in-game month!).  This is made worse by the fact that fast travel is painfully limited.Do I recommend this?  Only if you are a fan.  And be careful not to let it sink as much of your time as I did.Note:  I'm a fan.  My favorite M&M games are III (Isles of Terra), and IV + V (Worlds of Xeen).  M&M II introduced me to role playing games as a child back when rocks were soft and computers were made of wood.  I've now played all the main games M&M 1-10.  Not a fan of the Heroes franchise."
,Not Recommended,238750,15340303,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,guardn,"UPlay and the Graphics are anoying, but what killed the fun for me was the difficulty curve: Even though I fought every enemy I found and trained all my characters, the monster leveled up around four times stronger than my characters. So my party needs ~20 rounds to kill whatever comes along. And I am playing on the ""easy"" level. You cannot even ""farm"" up your characters with easier enemies as the monster do not respawn. Shopkeeper do not have enough potions to let me buff my way out with them... no fun if you need to reload all the time..."
76561198052661435,Recommended,238750,22239588,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,mark2713,When i first bought this game there were many bug and it was unplayable.  Now 2 years later and with a new system I thought that I would give it another try and it worked fine.  I guess they have patched things well enough now.This game is a good addition to the Might and Magic series in my opinion.  It has many of the features that  I have grown to like in this series.  The trainers and promotion quests are generally quite good and the combat is often interesting and well balanced.  I really liked playing this game and I hope someone will add more like it in the future.
76561198028212477,Recommended,238750,8848950,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,thethere,"Best CRPG released in a long time.  Has everything* I could ask for in a fantasy role playing game, namely: good character creation, party-based, interesting skills/spells to choose from, challenging combat that requires strategy, intuitive inventory system, shops that sell powerful items to save up for, a wide world to explore, lots of leveling up, and most importantly, with meaningful choices at level up regarding how to invest your skill points.As with any good RPG, there's always more one could ask for.  There are some spells from previous M&M's that I miss (Water Walk, Fly), and I always the horseshoes.  Also, playing on Warrior mode, I'm finding my gold resources seems severely diminished since the EA.  I can't afford hardly any spells/potions/weapons.  All my gold goes towards the most crucial spells and Expert trainings.  Would rather the difficulty just relate to combat, and not less gold/higher prices (if that is the case).  And at charcter creation, I would LOVE to have a few more choices of portraits - that way you could make a party of 4 female elves that all look different, just for example. =)But all-in-all, a very fun, addictive game with great replay value."
76561198397130329,Recommended,238750,32888280,Posted: 27 June,all,woodyparvy,"Excellent game for RPG.  I play alot of different games, but my most favorite is the Might and Magic series.Again, Best game ever."
76561197966678993,Not Recommended,238750,28762594,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Sunset,A dissapointing sequel that besmirches the good name of the Might & Magic series.Ranged combat is nigh impossible.There is no retreat from close combat.No respawning enemies leave the world barren and empty of any kind of threat once you have murdered your way through.The only good things I find positive about this game is that you get Might & Magic VI and probably search for a place where you can buy the pre-X titles.
,Not Recommended,238750,32000820,Posted: 27 May,all,patrickthompson1,"Crashed multiple times and cannot be further played due to loading crashes on both my Mac and Windows computers.  Both versions crashed at different points in the game (exiting Sorpigal or later on at the Watch Tower).  Further, I had issues with save corruption on my Mac version.  But both versions have major bugs that make the game unplayable.  Fun game but absolutely do not reccomend wasting your money on this game due to crashes."
76561198026326868,Recommended,238750,8710405,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,cwookman,"I'm only a short ways into the storyline of this newest rendition of Might and Magic, but already it's very enjoyable.  It's a great update to a beloved series from the past.  With the last true Might and Magic rpg, and the successive Might and Magic spinoffs I was a little hesitant to purchase this game.  But after reading up some more on it I was hopeful that it would return the series to what it once was."
76561198139854670,Not Recommended,238750,34044148,Posted: 5 August,all,bolemeus,"Unable to play because it requires Uplay, and that thing keeps crashing on me"
,Recommended,238750,25703857,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Pyraen,"Great old school dungeon crawler RPG. Character progression feels good, gameplay is a bit simple but I found it very satisfying. Creating a team with synergy is very satisfying. I rarely actually finnish RPGs if they take too long, but MMX had satisfying character progression up to the end.Pros:-Character progression & choices are meaningful.-Simple but satisfying combat.-Most classes feel very uinique (casters can feel samey until you get your promotion).-Good throwback to the older days.-RIDDLESCons:-Occasional bug that makes you have to load, quicksaving made that problem minor.-Building your character can be frustrating if a skill trainer is hidden or not available until late in the game.-Some encounters feel much harder than others & can be quite frustrating.Hopefully this genre of RPG will start making a comeback."
76561198228759968,Recommended,238750,28761893,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,vitkom,"I really liked everything about the game, even the glitches, reminded me of the good old times ....finished on Warrior difficulty, some hard fights, but always manageable...and this is the first time I enjoyed riddles and solved nearly all of them by myself. Don't miss out this superb return to the times, where games were mostly about the fun .... and return to the Might and Magic World..."
76561198058407309,Recommended,238750,34704544,Posted: 3 September,all,Mike,"Get this if you enjoy exploring lore-rich worlds, turn-based party combat and and having to take extensive notes while you play. I enjoy all three and this game has been nothing but a blast."
76561198195398514,Not Recommended,238750,35055752,Posted: 18 September,all,smithys_son,"***WARNING, SPOILERS***TL;DR: Lifelong fan says buy some of the older games and play them from GoG, not this one.Long story: I've been a fan of the series since I was born, I've beat MM6 (and loved it), MM7 (and loved it) and MM8 (and loved it), I tried this game hoping for another one of those three (I didn't play 9, but I've heard enough to not want to, I might eventually try it, but as of time of writing, I have not) but too much was changed, the forced grid sucked (angles were a lifesaver in the games I've played, rotate your party right and they have cover, but your enemies are wide open) also, the freedom of the earlier games was destroyed by the forced grid here, the way time passed only when you move from space to space was flowbreaking for me, for lack of a better word.The last stand approach to combat (Locking you in place if you're in melee range of a hostile) was again, horrible, part of the old fun was being able to run back into town, almost dead, trailing an army of angry monsters, sleep and heal in the inn, then go rejoin the fray alongside the guards.And (I may be remembering this wrong because I stopped caring) but it was forced turn based combat, DISCLAIMER: I like turn based combat and in fact, Love D&D and other turn based games, BUT, that's not Might and Magic, In the other games I mentioned, it was a crutch until you figured out the combat (or got specific endgame weapon & spell combos) and it was useful to take a minute so you can breathe and strategize, I used it almost all game (again, endgame combos shut down TBC) but you could always switch it to whatever worked as you needed, It just feels odd to me.Finally, (and this is more of a issue with Ubisoft than this game) the universe is new, different, and NOT, Might and Magic, Might and Magic has aliens, blasters, robots, and space ships, the gods are kept vague (I don't remember any ever being named) this new universe has none of that as far as I can tell. The Ironfists are gone, The Kreegans are gone, The Ancients are gone, (and this already happened but...) the planet Enroth is gone. I don't mean that these things are destroyed (Except Enroth...) None of them ever happened, all that rich lore from games 1-9? all that stuff from Heroes 1-4? Never. Happened.So, to bring an end to my long rant, don't buy this, the older games might not have the best graphics, but they have the heart, soul, and fun this game never will have.The only positive thing I can say for this is that I got Might and Magic 6 with it, but even then, I should have bought it from GoG for (about) $5 less.Edit(s): Fixed typos"
76561198030982961,Recommended,238750,20840196,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Inictus,"Love this game. If you are a fan of old school turn based grid movement games, get this. Many have a problem with UPlay. If this is not a problem for you - and you love old school turn based games - just get it already."
76561198031827488,Recommended,238750,20497905,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,suntory_time,"The mixed reviews put me off this game for a long while, but I finally picked it up and was pleasantly suprised. I'm a die-hard fan of Might and Magic VI, which I've gone back and played several times over the years. This installment lacks the scope of VI, but captures the spirit of it.Planning and developing your party is the main highlight, despite a few minor issues with how skills are distributed across classes. Although there are party combinations that are clearly ""better"" if you are optimizing, there are lots of possibilities that are doable and fun, even by just using different skill distributions amongst the same classes.You have to accept that you can't get everything you want on every character or every party, since there is an effective limit on the experience you can gain in the game. This can be frustrating, but forces you build more intelligently and make sacrifices to get the skills you want. The game itself is somewhat linear and lacking in the open-world feel of other Might and Magic games. The story isn't very deep or compelling, similar to Heroes VI.The grid movement and turn-based combat are off-putting at first, but they ultimately created interesting opportunities for tactical gameplay. Combats are often repetitive although there are some variations in tactics based on the specific enemies. After beating it on the normal difficulty, I immediately played through again with a new party on the ""Warrior"" difficulty, which provided a fun challenge that felt like a different game, at least in the early going. Even after beating it again, I still find myself brainstorming different party combinations I want to try.Overall, not an ""amazing"" game, but quite enjoyable, with good replayability. Certainly better than the average review indicates. Now I'm primed to go back and play VI again."
,Not Recommended,238750,10831232,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Darren_G_yolo,"Load of crap, from the graphics to the combat this game is no way the francise I rememeber in anyway shape or form"
76561198052500146,Recommended,238750,20841637,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,resolve.gamer,"Old school dungeon crawler. Turn based combat. Good for a relaxing game of nostaligic party based monster bashing, leveling, and loot collecting if you are into that kind of thing. I finally made it to act 2 on my 7th try playing hardcore mode (meaning I start over on a total party kill.).It is a difficult, unforgiving game (at least on warrior mode). It won't hold your hand or give you quest arrows to follow. That is a quite refreshing change, having to explore and find things rather than mindlessly being spoon fed content.After investing several hours, I began to realize that this game is VERY hard to beat, especially if you like to play hardcore mode, and blind without knowledge of the game. It's not possible to retreat unless you use a very specific obscure party build. So to play this hardcore you almost need to be spoiled in advance. So for the record I still think it's a great game, but it can't scratch that Dead is Dead game itch without some serious tweaking for me."
,Recommended,238750,20887934,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,-Tetsuo-,"There was a time when most games did not hold your hand. They told you to put your hand on the table, then they smashed it with a hammer and laughed because you kept it out there while they raised the hammer back. MMX put you  out in a world, and expects you to find your way around it. Role playing games do not get too much better than this one. Great character progrssion, quest design and a world that really is something to explore."
76561198002184914,Recommended,238750,9151123,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Curry,"Pros: If you're an old-timer longing for the good old days of min-maxing stats/skills for a party (and you don't play JRPGs for various reasons), this will be the game for you. Your gameplay rewards will mostly come from seeing your carefully-planned party composition hit its stride around the mid-levels, when your bladesinger has enough stats to chunk mobs for big satisfying criticals. This game will mostly appeal to RPG fans born in the very early 80s or older, since it's a throwback to the Xeen/Terra style of gameplay. It includes all the quirks of those previous games such as tile movement, turn-based combat, random stat-increasing barrels and high-level party-oneshotting dragons in the midst of a lowly bandits and wolves. Full shameless nostalgia.Cons: It's still buggy. Your party can get stuck around teleporters, music and ambient sounds can loop forever, and some events don't trigger. Also many parts are under-developed. Armor system is underbaked (you can finish the game with your warrior wearing cloth), a couple spells are placeholders (eg liquid membrane), some classes are more fleshed out than others, tanking is near-useless, there is an overdependence on specific spells (eg Celestial Armor, Burning Determination and Whispering Secrets) which make or break your game."
76561198027007978,Recommended,238750,9365314,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Zeitgeist,"Surprise, surprise, a new Might & Magic in 2014. And it's turn based. And has grid based movement. And is in first person. I had to do a double take, too, after that announcement. Although we had some Japanese games carry on the torch of such RPGs (Etrian Odyssey, Wizardry: Labyrinth of Lost Souls etc.) in recent years, they were fairly combat focused and simple.This here is the real deal. It has (light) puzzles, lore in the form of books, an expansive overworld and multiple cities with shops, NPCs and quests. Character generation and development has a lot of options and you have to make hard choices because there are a lot more skills to develop than there are skill points.The game has two difficulty modes and I played on the easier setting. I think I made the right choice as I felt the challenge was always so that I had to pay attention to enemy weaknesses and positioning but was never totally outmatched besides a few badly balanced battles. Oftentimes, in these ""new old school"" games, you have to go straight to a higher difficulty to get a decent challenge but this just felt right. The game loves to ambush your party from all sides with no escape possible so I think this could get frustrating in a higher difficulty quickly.The main satisfaction in these kind of games comes from getting loot, killing monsters, developing your characters and exploring new areas. I think the game absolutely delivers in these aspects, I almost never was bored in my 40 hours which it took me to beat the game with most sidequests done.The graphics are nice and adequate for the budget they probably had but the performance could be better. Loading times are fairly long, too, for 2013 mid-range game computer hardware with an SSD.I would welcome a Might & Magic XI after this successful revival of an old franchise."
76561197972505338,Recommended,238750,24855391,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,alexchevrier,"I loved the game.  I've played 7-8 and 9 before.  Might and Magic X is not the top on my list, but it was a good game.  The thing that bothers me is the UbiSoft account and the achievements.  It would be better to have them into steam instead of another platform."
76561197995286276,Recommended,238750,24532983,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Arkayne,"Modern remake of old school RPGs like Wizardry. It's not perfect but it's much better than it was at launch, with regards to optimization and game balance. Uses uPlay, unfortuntely."
,Recommended,238750,24712824,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,weatherseed,"Allow me to cover something important in this review. Limbic Entertainment, the developers of this and the two most recent Heroes of Might and Magic games, is comprised of fans of the series. Their care and attention was plainly seen in H6, a game which was hated by many fans and, yet, still very good. Many new elements were added for better or worse and Limbic was not afraid of testing new ideas. Something the series has gone without since H3.This game, however, is product of the negative feedback from H6 on two fronts. The first is Ubisoft investing less money into this title. The second is Limbic's decision to play things safer this time. The decision to return to simpler mechanics wasn't a bad one. The game does suffer for the lack of time, money, and innovation it received.At the end of the day, they took all of the advancements from M&M7, slapped them on to M&M4, gave it a fresh coat of paint and called it a day. Not a bad game, just not a noteworthy one."
,Recommended,238750,8841415,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Marcelo Sampaio,"Ok, being a fan of the Might and Magic games, I felt completelly abandoned... MM9 was a disaster... so rushed, so bugged that sold poorly. So poorly that it was the main responsible for 3DO's demise.Then, 10 years later, they announce a new Might and Magic. Its not made by Jon Van Caneghem, and its OBVIOUSLY not made by 3DO. Still... is this the  game I've waited 10 years for? Short answer is NO. Where's our open wold? All MMs featured fully open worlds, where the only barrier iour courage to tackle stronger enemies. In MMX, you have to clear one area to be able to go to the next!Then there's my second issue with this game: where's the enemy respawn? All MMs have some form of enemy respawn, which enables you to develop your characters as much as you want! Remember the enemy lairs in Might and Magic 3-5, that if you don't destroy, the area will repopulate within a few mounths? Its GONE in here.  No respawn means that there's a cap to how much you can level in each area, and considering how linear this game is, this means that if a boss is too tough for you, you can't just go to another areas to level up some more!The developers PPROMISSED respawning enemies, and thats one of the reasons I bought the early access. Then again Ubisoft also promissed a real modular game, yet never said that we need to BUY a 1,500 dollars software to be able to create MODs for it! They also never said that 32-bit users would get a capped experience. Heck, the early access worked perfectly on 32-bit OSs. Why they changed it?On the other hand, not everything in this game is bad. The graphics (if you have a 64-bit OS) are actually decent, with some beautifull landscapes and amazingly animated enemies. The sounds are great: sound effects are realistic, the voices are actually good, and each place has some very realistic ambient sounds (birds when you are near a forest, loud people when you are in a town, etc).The gamepay is surprinsingly good. They decided to make this game very old-scool, so they opted to use tile-based movement and turn-based battles. I like this in RPGs, it gives the game a more strategic feel. Most boss battles actually requires you to THINK before acting, and if you just randomly attack, you'll die in VERY few turns. The interface, on the other hand, isn't as limited as most games of our youth. While you can still use your spellbook to select spells and abilities, now you can use a very handy numbered action bar, and activate each action with the numeric keys. Believe-me it helps. There's even the ability to set map notes, something that we would LOVE back in the day.The game isn't very long though. Its one of the shortest MMs (only MM8 feels shorter than this one), but don't expect to beat it in a few hours. We are looking at a 40+ hours journey here, more if you select the hardest mode (yeah, you have a difficulty selector in here).Anyway, this isn't as good as I was expecting. The lack of enemy respawns makes mea bit angry, and the fact that they decided to break the game into acts is ridiculous! Still, this is a 7/10 game. Really, I'm a bit disappointed at this game, and i'm a HUGE fan of World of Xeen and Isles of Terra... Still, its a worthy game to carry the Might and Magic name.Now, lets just hope the modding community can fix this game, right?The good:+Graphics are actually good, and the sounds are amazing;+The turn-based and tile-based gameplay is back, and its great!!+Gameplay is great;+The classes are varied and nice to use;+The enemy models are very detailed, and have a very smooth movement;+Great dungeons, some are actually quite big;+The enemies actually look nice.The bad:-Graphics aren't as good if you use a 32-bit OS, and the voices are GONE.-The classes are not well balanced;-The game starts out too linear, and has been divided into ACTs;-There's NO enemy respawn, not even optional like the older MMs."
76561198021176871,Recommended,238750,30986425,Posted: 6 April,all,망누스,"For the nostalgic Might & Magic connoisseur, this is golden."
,Not Recommended,238750,14890198,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Laszlo_Kormendy,"I had been a massive fan of the Might & Magic franchise when I was younger, and had been disappointed by the Might & Magic 9. After hearing that they were going to try and create M&M 10 with a retro feel I was hoping that they would rekindle some of the spark that M&M 1 – M&M 8 had.Unfortunately, this had been another disappointment due to poor and confusing combat/spell systems, character development that is quite unforgiving and leaves me feeling that choice is an illusion and to get anywhere in the game you need a specific build of character.I felt the limiting of classes to race and the extremely limited choice in character appearance was unnecessary and made the options you had to build a unique character even more obvious. The story telling had been weak and had not been focused on delivering short, clear and easy to follow story line.I struggle to find any saving graces for the series, except the desire to continue the series. In conclusion I wouldn’t recommend this game to any fan of the original Might & Magic series."
,Recommended,238750,15706445,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Mr. Kizer,"I've been a Might and Magic fan since the golden days. My personal favorite being Might and Magic 6: The Mandate of Heaven. This game is more of a take of the earlier Might and Magic games (Clouds / Darkside of Xeen). Although it pays homage to Might and Magic through gameplay, most of the familiarity ends there. That's not to say, however, that I didn't really enjoy this game.Combat is turn-based. Character customization leaves something to be desired. The classes are unbalanced and vaguely described, you won't really know what the classes are capable of until much later in the game; and by then it's too late and you'll be stuck with a couple of characters that are far less capable/effective as others, so I recommend doing some google-research on the class-combos before going all in.If you have never tried the Legend of Grimrock series, I would buy those first, as I think they offer a better tribute to the genre.It's a fun throwback to the grid-system, dungeon crawler RPG. If you can get it on sale and you're an oldschool PCRPG'er, then I would recommend this game to you."
76561197986825513,Recommended,238750,15773230,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Stazzy,"I have played Might & Magics since 6. and I must say that this game takes a REALLY long step back. they revamped graphics but cut out LOTS of content.Also this game feels very segmented and liniar. in a lot of cases you have to kill all enemy creatures in the area so just so you can level enough to defeat the creature thats blocking your way to the next area. M&M used to be a lot more tactical and skill driven. Now, I am not so sure. Story like is a Meh as well7/10"
76561197974173032,Not Recommended,238750,9109311,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Zeral,"I effing love turn-based RPGs. I also love any game where I can create my own party and try to make their unique skills work together into a harmonious vision. Also I love exploration. Also dungeon-crawling, especially the type that rewards searching walls and floors for traps and other dangerous things.Might and Magic X - Legacy contains all those things.Don't buy it.It's like everything I like about the genre has been taken, then subverted to make it ♥♥♥♥♥♥.There is a turn-based system, but the turn-based movement ceases to work when in combat. There is no maneuvering once enemies are in melee range. You can never take a tactical withdrawl or move to bottleneck your foes. There is no party formation, so your characters stand in a line up front. This is not Grimrock, where the people at the back of your party are mostly vulnerable to attacks from foes that have specifically flanked you. This is Might and Magic, where your unarmored mages hurl themselves in front of every stray arrow or blade they can find, as though their torso posessed by the ghost of a weapon collector.You can, however, make your own party. I meticulously used all four available races (Orc, Human, Dwarf and Elf) to make what I thought was a balanced party that would have unique skills that complemented each other. A true adventuring party, if you will. It turns out what I wanted basically didn't matter, because the level of party customization in the game is basically like paint over a piece of cardboard. There are 'classes', but they just determine how far your skills can advance, which has no bearing on the early game. They have 'advanced classes' that are unlocked at some point, but just one per class, so really it's just the inevitable progression of your class' skills. No class starts with a special ability that makes it unique. Only advanced classes get those. So your Mercenary (a might-based fighter) that's dabbling in Air Magic is -just as good at it- as the fully-specialized Freemage. Wait, you say that the Freemage is more heavily invested in the Magic attribute and is better with magic? Yeah, 8% better at the start. Hot stuff. That might increase by a whole 8% per level, too! All the while you're completely neglecting your mage's ability to stay alive by investing in Vitality or Perception, so really it's closer to 2% per level.Basically your meticulously planned party is going to be ineffective, because the game doesn't really want you to experiment with the parts of the skill system that you like. Want to invest in Warfare (a fighter's equivalent to casting spells) and have a battlefield commander? ♥♥♥♥ you. Now your fighter can't hit anything to save his life, and you need to land your Challenge attacks to draw the attention of enemies, who will then proceed to mangle your fighter that didn't invest heavily in their armor skills.Basically there are no good decisions, and that seems to be how the game likes it.Monster fighting is tiresome. The earliest quests have you dealing with spiders that poison you with their basic attacks. Poison never goes away without a (fairly expensive) antidote or specific spell that nobody can start with. So any of your characters that get poisoned by this frequent attack will inevitably go 'unconscious' without immediate medical attention. Being unconscious doesn't clear the poison. The poison is eternal. My Dwarf Defender didn't recover from poison after resting for twenty-four hours. Or ever. Not without help. So 'camping' to tend to your wounds just refills your health bars and then you watch them rapidly deteriorate from the poison that never disappeared. It takes about six 'steps' in game for people to keel over dead after getting up from their nap.What.Monsters don't get any better. Naga in the second dungeon (the first after the 'tutorial' with the spiders) dual-wield and attack twice per turn, gaining more damage if they hit with the first swing. They regularly one-hit your spellcasters and cannot be provoked into attacking anyone wearing armor without spamming 'challenge' attempts, which costs mana and rarely lands. Naga priestesses spam ice spells just as strong as the party's, but don't suffer from mana conservation. Everything crits. You guzzle mana and health potions every three rounds. I don't want to say 'unrealistic' when talking about my fantasy dungeon crawlers, but my god...I don't even...I hate to compare this game to Grimrock (which was brilliant), because it doesn't feel fair. Grimrock was a labor of love for people that love this genre. Legacy was a kick in the nuts trying to cash in on nostalgia with a low price tag and promises it doesn't deliver on. Exploring dungeons doesn't have player attentiveness rewarded by secret passages and vast loot. Instead, your characters bark out their discovery of things, waiting for you to mash your face against every nearby wall until something glows and you open a new passage with the spacebar.Riveting.Traps are mandatory. Often they just sit on a required pathway, and almost always just spawn more monsters. Usually in flanking positions. Even if you detect a trap your only choice is to mash your face into it, or, in rare circumstances, walk around the otherwise empty room.Loot is a mess of +2 to damage and +5 to some nebulous resistence stats. It's also completely random and there's no such thing as farming, so if the wrong loot drops for your party...♥♥♥♥ you. I guess you can reload, save-scumming for better loot, but is that something we really want to encourage?I've been told the game opens up, both in terms of exploration and tactics, but after my first party (which I was a fool to put on the harder of the two difficulties, which made it nearly unplayable) couldn't pass the second dungeon, I don't think I'm going to make it there. My second party has the exact same problem in the exact same dungeon, you see. On the 'much easier' difficulty.Developers and veterans will probably giggle because someone can't handle their hardcore game. Their perogative. I'm still not going to reccomend this steaming mess to anyone.Slow, unsatisfying, tiresome. Avoid it."
76561197993293728,Not Recommended,238750,9888322,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,lionell999,"No. I'm sorry guys this isn't M&M. Not even M&M III-V, certainly not M&M VI, there is simply too much missing. This version is missing way too much. No real time movement mode. No smooth movement mode (grid movement only). No running from battles. No tactical movement during battles. No rogue or rogue-like skills. The list goes on and on.It just feels small and too limited. Nope. Play M&M VII instead."
76561198301041816,Not Recommended,238750,22886050,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,kaufholdnc,"DO NOT PURCHASE THIS GAME FROM STEAM!!!  There is zero customer support and from what I have experienced and read from others attempting to play this game, there is a huge issue with the game getting to the second act.  When you cannot get any further and request a refund, you are denied based on the amount of time you spent attempting to resolve the issue to continue play.  Uplay is no better and tells you there is nothing they can do and you have to contact steam for assistance.  Both companies give you the run around and you are left out the money you already put in to it.  WHAT A RIP OFF!!!  WHAT A JOKE!!!"
76561198035914991,Recommended,238750,17992430,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,DapperDingo,Great game that harkens back to old time Might & Magic but with a modern look and fresh gameplay.
76561198012807542,Not Recommended,238750,31818760,Posted: 18 May,all,Valtaya,"Recommend this game? Never. Basicaly it is a nice good old step-by-step RPG and yes it is pretty much Might & Magic. Unfortunately, it stops right there. Any balance is non existant and well... it follows the old rule: the first 2 characters are in the front line, the other 2 in the back line only capable of performing ranged attacks and magic, unfortunately, this rule does not apply to enemies, they keep constantly attacking the back line ignoring the two ""heavily armored warriors"" in the front line. 90% of all fights my heavies leave the fight unharmed while the ""mages"" are close to death, with wasting a ton of health pots to heal them mid-fight. This becomes extremely frustrating after the 10th fight. Another problem is the changed mechanic to movement and combat, at first, when all characters had an action point left (basicaly at the beginning of a round) we could move one step, when some enemies are in melee range, movement is no longer possible. This is extremely stupid when you are surrounded from 3 sides and would like to take one step back. This can be understood during ""ambush events"" but not while regularly exploring... because well, you are 2 steps far from an enemy and enemy doesn ot move, you take one step closer and it is too late.On top of that come ridiculous loading times, seriously, game is 10GB (for what actualy) and I have 32GB ram and still have to wait 2-5minutes between two ""zones"", which are not even that big (I had less loading time on my amiga 40 years ago).Games are supposed to be fun and this game, except for being oldschool and might & magic, delivers none."
,Recommended,238750,8828335,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Detocroix,"If you can get past the roughness of the visuals (texture resolutions seem to be aimed for sub 1080p monitors, gui doesn't scale so you have massive texts and buttons on big monitors, some cheap particle spell effects) you can find one enjoyable Dungeon Master -like game. Nice locations, interesting foes, pretty decent combat and character mechanics.One thing they seriously need to adjust / change is how poison works. There are way too many dungeons with poison attack enemies and getting poisoned without potions means death because resting doesn't really heal you from it and you don't have cure spells in the beginning. Antidote potions were easy to come by in the first dungeon as the enemies occasionally dropped them, but in later dungeon you have ranged poison enemies (that also cause poison with melee) and no source of anything to cure it with. A bit frustrating.edit: Apparently you can get cure poison spell with novice level earth magic, but point still stands that poison is really annoying and way too frequent effect in the beginning.I do recommend this game though! Slow first hour, but gets really nice afterwards."
76561198101545017,Recommended,238750,8818012,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,扶她来我这里,这游戏画面真TM好
76561198008270663,Recommended,238750,8533006,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,BabelFish,"Might and magic 6 and beyond were always my favorite games in the series, never really like the turn-based system of earlier games. However Might and Magic X Legacy is so much fun, that small stuff like that tend to be forgotten. A big thank you to the developers that revived my favorite game series."
76561197992784694,Recommended,238750,8820427,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,holydisciple,"Excellent game, great visuals, and a good challenge for anyone that likes old school rpgs."
,Recommended,238750,8816699,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Amatsuki,Decent game compared to the crap most people are trying to pass off as RPG's feels more tabletop and back to the origin of original hack and slash like Ultima IV was.
76561198012407826,Recommended,238750,8820347,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,morph1224,"I've had a good few hours with game.  No bugs so far.  Running smooth enough. I had a bit of lag at a bridge outside but no where else.Few thingts are different from the older games .  You level on the spot instead of training for exampleCombat is faster then early access from what I can tell from posts on the forum(was deemed to slow).I am playing in warrior mode; not finding it too hard so far, playing with default party..  Button mashing will just get you killed.   You have to put some thought into combat.  you can blow enemy back with one char then root it with other for example witch I found cool.You get out into open world pretty fast and no restrictions as where you can go apart from places were you need water walking etc.  Similar to earlier games.Some items have exact same name but different stats wich can be annoying slightly.Can see enemies but can't just attack em, got to get close enough to trigger battle.  I presume this is intentional.Map could be a bit better so don't have to hover over everything to see whats there; adding note didn't help still had to hover over icons.I see these as minor gripes and don't really take away from my enjoyment.I am glad I purchased game so far and would recommend if you're into the older titles and games like legend of Grimlock, Realms of Arkania remake (it is in a very playable state after many patches)I got a good feeling that I am going to enjoy this and was money well spent so far.Update:Had to strart again because enemies don't respawn and you can run out of money quite easily.In the first act I found that you can't just do quests in any order because you get wasted.  I had done all outside mobs except for w*****  and got to boss in tower.  I just can't survive long enough because I used me potions up and no way to get gold.  So I can't last it out using hp regen.  Thats the only mob left in act one plus 2 wraiths.  Can't do them either cause need something that can't afford.I still recommend game but you can quite easily make wrong choices that can basically make it game over.  Respawning enemies would give the option to grind a bit if you did not chose the skills, spells to succeed.I get were people are coming from when they say it feels like its a bit on rails.  Hope act 2 dosen't give me same feeling.  This is in warrior mode default party.  Don't wanrt to play adventurer mode because people say too easy; can just button mash.Update: With better planning I managed to finish act 1 with no problems at all; with default party on warrior mode.  I've managed to cross the bridge.  Enjoying myself a lot more second time round.  Now I have a better idea of howto make sure I don't end up getting stuffed because I didn't get some must have spells.  I rest now instead of drinking potions during fights."
,Not Recommended,238750,8565216,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Pieter,"This game has great potential, but is running ubisoft's own DRM ""Uplay"" on top of steam. It's g-ddamn annoying and buggy. So even if steam is up you can't play the game if uplay is down.""yo dog, I saw you hate DRM so I put DRM inside your DRM"" :DF*ck you ubisoft.Avoid this b*llsh*t until they remove uplay. Only then buy it."
,Not Recommended,238750,8288378,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,jackfool,Unless you really loved the ancient ones and/or Legend of Grimrock it's not worth $30Go get Grimrock for half that and don't reward Ubisoft for jamming the Uplay online requirement in just to be able to open chests in the game. Publisher has no class at all and doesn't deserve your money.I'm putting this up on the 25th because the release date is now a month out and it's not going to be ready for another 6-12 if ever.
76561198038402827,Recommended,238750,10024913,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Albino Dunmer,"While a rather massive lore and gameplay departure from the old Might and Magic games, this is still a pretty fun and engaging game. I would watch out for bugs, as there are a few little ones that crop up here and there, mostly graphics related though. It has a good deal of flaws, but it also, like any game, has a good deal of good things about it.If anyone here is interested in the HoMM series, particularly the sixth one, this game provides some interesting perspective on it.There are some irritations like a penchant for throwing ambushes at you all the time. In that respect, I would probably recommend easy mode over the hardmode that is available. I played it on hard, and rather than rewarding, it is more of a chore."
,Recommended,238750,9920796,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,probo_,"Review of Might and Magic X: LegacyWhat must first be said is that this is not going to be your average run of the mill rpg, the designers of this game has made it a somewhat old-school type game, and what that means is that the game will not hold your hand and lead you through it. This can be surprising and frustrating as you sometimes wander around aimlessly, having possibly missed some small detail that means that you are now on the wrong path. Since the name of the game is indeed 'Legacy', maybe we should have come to expect this and be completely ok with it, but I think it still needs to be said that the lack of descriptions of where to go in this game can be a problem. This problem can be more or less immediately rectified however, as long as you are willing to alt tab from the game to google, which is something that I personally ended up doing multiple times, even though I would consider myself somewhat of a veteran gamer.The main plot of the game is convoluted, as it should be (follows the traditions of the older games), and there is a relatively little emphasis on story, as it should be. Most of what you do in the game is exploring, and fighting. Many npc's however have the option to spill some minor 'gossip' to the player, which is most of the time just random bits of lore of the gameworld. Scattered throughout the world is also many books, which holds a lot of lore of the world, if this is your thing.The characters your party is comprised of are created manually by the player (unless you insist on letting the computer do it for you), and they all have lots of attribute points and skills that needs to be allocated. There is a nice range of depth to the character building in this game, as the 12 classes available all have different levels of potential with different skills. The mage characters can usually level up certain magic skills to the highest level (grandmaster), but also has the potential of leveling up certain weapon skills, armor skills, and passive defense skills. This well functioning skill system works together with your attribute system to give the player quite a lot of customization options for his party. It essentially *succeeds* in making the player feel like they are the one who created this team, as opposed to having few options and feeling like you are playing a non-rpg. The games skill and attribute system is sufficient, and well expected as it follows the traditions of the older Might and Magic titles. But that doesn't mean that it is fresh, or innovative. It also isn't balanced very well. The armor skills are shown to be very lackluster once you understand the games mechanics for example.The game is entirely grid based. This is a design choice that has huge implications for gameplay, but it is an intrinsic part of the experience, and there is nothing to be done about it now. The entire game is built around this, and as such the environments of the game has the probability of looking quite odd and unrealistic, if you compare it to Skyrim for example. The world is also quite small, it would only take about 3 minutes to run through the length of the entire overworld map (once you have killed all the enemies, and opened everything). This is not because the game is small or short, but because of how compressed everything is, but this is a good thing most of the time, as otherwise there would have been an enormous amount of walking for you - that's a promise. The way the dungeons are built in this game screams 'gameplay' over 'realism', and thankfully so. Maybe it doesn't make any sense that the governor of a peninsula is living in a castle that effectively looks like a labyrinth? But it makes for fun adventuring, so I am pleased.The main focus of the game could be said to be fighting, and fighting is done in a turn based tactical manner. You get to make one action with each of your characters during your turn, such as casting spells or attacking with weapons, (but this hardly has to be said I hope). You will encounter many enemies that will give you a run for your money, and I hope you will welcome the challenge. There has been a couple of posts both on Steam and on Ubisofts forum of players complaining about not being able to progress because their party is too weak. There is the hypothetical possibility that you might gimp your characters to the point of not being able to continue. But one must understand that this is a necessity in a game if you want freedom for the player to design their own party in meaningful ways, and still pose a challenge.Finally, the game is produced by Ubisoft and requires Uplay to play, which can be a detriment, as most people don't want Uplay to clog up their computer as the millionth ""gamehub service"" program. Having popups that try to direct you to Youtube every time you exit the game is hardly a plus either, but that's something that Ubisoft thinks is a cool thing.Score is a whopping 85/100 for me personally. It's the perfect blend between rpg and strategy, and will probably leave you with a feeling of satisfaction if you are a min-maxing geek like myself. But you have to look past some of the things mentioned earlier in my text to get the most out of it."
76561197972178380,Recommended,238750,25793030,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,oranius,"Absolutely awesome, specially if you liked the other ones this is a must. You won't regret it."
76561198007101660,Recommended,238750,2422287,"Posted: 25 August, 2013",all,Nerkle,"This game is not worth money at it's current stage of development.   Might never be worth money, I'm seriously unimpressed with the first 2 hours of gameply.  The screenshots above have been put through some heavy post processing.  I was hoping it would be similar to Legend of Grimrock, it's not."
76561198053140758,Recommended,238750,18296166,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Naked Raven,"Even though the ubiplay thingy is a little bit anoying, and the game in general takes forever to start up, I would recommend it! The battles are challenging and fun, and the character progression and diversity is a blast! However don't buy this game, if slow paced strategy is not your thing!!!"
76561197979934027,Recommended,238750,8885228,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Deadly Intent,"The game has the old-skool crunchiness that I love, plus the new-skool polish I expect. It manages to be both a serious Role Playing Game, and mix in a bit of goofiness with an elegance that few other art forms of ANY media have pulled off. I fully reccomend this game to anyone who is a fan of swords-and-sorcery-turn-based-role-play fun."
,Recommended,238750,10009057,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,colnaghijr,Good game; had fun playing it for quite a bit.
76561198047125253,Not Recommended,238750,5263299,"Posted: 31 August, 2013",all,[CKG] LostofView,"Please Please Ubisoft, Go fishing or have sex with grannies. But please let it to develop its PC games. Because MM VI was seen in childhood days, my first PC game and then throws her a crap like MM X in such an early version on the market testifies ..... Inkompenz games to develop.I hope that soon the ""beta"" status is reached ... because what I have here is a shame ..... If one could claim damages for something .... I would this desire ....mfgPowerd by Google Translator :)"
76561197993183065,Recommended,238750,9270019,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Boomtonic,"Spotty textures, limited descriptions, annoying glitches... and yet something about Might and Magic X: Legacy is so very, very Awesome.Thanks to Legend of Grimrock (a game I also recommend and IMHO better than this), there has been a resurgance of grid-based dungeon crawlers. Legacy follows suit and provides hours of singleplayer entertainment that many RPG fans will likely enjoy. While anyone trying out grid-based rpgs first time should try the cheaper and more polished Grimrock first, Legacy will scratch that RPG itch whenever it comes up. If its too much for you now, save it to your wishlist for a future sale.Legacy's combat and character management is where the game really shines. Many of the toughest boss fights are challenging, unique and provide a great sense of accomplishment after bringing them down. You might find yourself reloading a save once or twice as you figure out a bosses mechanics. Even the common enemies can't be taken down with just basic attacks and rightfully punishes players who underestimate their foe. Large variety in classes and skills makes every character level up feel meaningful and potent as you mold your party into your own. You'll find yourself using nearly every skill you acquire, from minor spells like Light Orb or Fire Ward to the warfare skills of your melee classes to powerful grandmaster spells like Thunderstorm. The default party offers a great balance to different playstyles, but there are so many different class/racial combinations its worth building your own unique party, especially if you plan to only make one playthrough.Different scenery and enemies throughout the game offers much needed variety, which the Legend of Grimrock lacks. Dungeons are engaging, fun and filled with secrets; which are found with a perception check rather than the players own cunning and discovery. That said, the developers have wisely taken many of the games puzzles and placed them in ""mysterious crypts"" dotted around the map, rather than amongst the major quests which could serve to only slow the pacing. Even than, the crypts offer excellent items worth trying to get, but by no means necessary to complete the game. Storyline is your typical fanasty affair with an unseen villian who needs stopping, but interesting enough to provide some entertainment.Fantastic RPG specific qualities aside, you will find some pretty horrid textures within the game. Even after changing the options from the main menu (a MUST), the game was filled with some objects and characters that are something you'd expect from 2003. Most of these seem to come from the unit models brought in from Might and Magic Heroes VI, which were likely not optimized or polished for upclose inspection. On the other hand, some charecters are quite detailed. It seems that Ubisoft has tried to spend as little as possible on this title and the wide margin in texture quality shows as a result. I myself have run into a graphic glitch where most of the world area's cities and castles disappeared from view, resulting in me wasting a good 15 minutes trying to find a particular castle, until I figured out what had happened. Thankfully a simple game restart solved the problem. Judging by the forums there are other graphics glitches and some quest breaking bugs, though I haven't run into them myself.Many of the quests also lack enough description which might leave you trying to figure out what exactly your looking for. World map is also painfully simple, providing markers for only the most important cities and main dungeons, yet neglecting to identify individual sections of the map which are often given as your only clue about where to go for a certain quest. You'll also need a pen or pencil once or twice as your party seems to have none of their own for a couple critical details.Might and Magic: Legacy X is a fun addition to grid-based RPGs and I felt was worth the $25, which I luckly didn't have to spend due to the recent Ubisoft sale, though others might consider it too much at its current price. However, it is definitely worth keeping on your wishlist for an appropriate sale or price drop. Those who haven't picked up cheaper RPGs (especially Grimrock) should get those first before putting money in this new title."
76561198039475726,Recommended,238750,9730149,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,rejectgod,"Suprisingly good!!! Ubisoft and the M&M team obviously saw the bubble of  ""old school adventuring games"" and said 'we got this guys' Recommend to Purists and newcomers. It has the goods!"
76561197993673202,Recommended,238750,9743852,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Master_Kin,Nice art and cinematics. Plenty of items and spells. Good fun!
76561198007038288,Recommended,238750,9647597,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,onelown,awesome game! loved it and will be replaying it many more times :)
76561198040367630,Not Recommended,238750,4651980,"Posted: 21 August, 2013",all,Wolfman,"So, now that the game is in full, lets get down to the♥♥♥♥♥♥and grits of the game.  What is wrong with it? And what is right with it?  Well.. currently, I am engaging in a full playthrough.  In my first 30 minutes, I discovered that the game seems to require MUCH more system resources than it should for the type of game you are playing.  The game also seems to take several steps BACKWARDS!! in regards to the progress that has been made in the dungeon Crawler genre of games.  It makes a sort of Dated, modern take on a familiar genre that has had leaps and bounds of progress made, 10 years ago.It may get better later... but currently, it clearely shows dated mechanics that I would have expected a company like Ubisoft to invest in improving (IE full voice overs, a fully explorable world) if they actually believed in the project.Currently, SOME of the main quest givers actually speak, and the game moves in a old school (and I mean super old school) grid method which is dated even for the 90s.  The game runs poorly which is honestly unforgiveable.  And last but not least, it just seems limiting in regards to the way you make your party.  That last one is a minor gripe, but I am in a nit picky mood at the time of this review.So what does the game do right?  Well, currently it seems very balanced, and the game is full of lore if you do not mind reading.  The story ties in with a familiar world (thus far) if you have been paying attention to the previous games in the series, and even comes with several nods to those games.  It isn't a terrible game, it could have been much worse, and the game is most certainly playable.  It seems balanced (at the time of the review) and I have yet to encounter a real problem space that I simply could not finish.  I will complain though, that I have yet to discover a way to flee a combat.  Which I find to be in poor taste... there is simply no way I have found to disengage from a fight once something closes the distance etoo you.  So I would suggest to be VERY careful.  Makes you think actually, which is a good thing in a manner of speaking.  Unfortunately, some fights you will not know you can't deal with until you start the fight, so save often.is the game worth getting?  Currently, I am totally torn.  The super fan of this genre is willing to accept even a mediocre title, and invest.  The game itself is not above 30 dollars in charge, but at the same time I am torn to say that you should wait till it goes on sale before picking it up.  Why get a game from a big company, when you can get a great game from a smaller indie company... (go get legend of Grimmrock)  If you are a true blue fan of might and magic, and you want another dungeon crawl to add to your list, then by all means, the game is not unplayably bad.  But just understand, that you are supporting what seems to me, like a cash cow attempt to milk the might and magic license from your friends at Ubi-soft.If the late game is terrible, then I will add to the review, if it is good, I will also add to the review later.  Till then, I will, sort of recommend this game to folks.  Just watch my vids and see if you like what you get."
,Recommended,238750,11573271,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Xaneorath,"With Might & Magic 5 being the first game I ever played on an PC and with being a great fan of the series ever since, I saw the release of this title with a smile and a tear.A smile because I had hopes of a good series to be revived, a tear, because I was afraid of how it might turn out.The latest installment of the Heroes of M&M Franchise kind of depressed me, because it was ""over-optimized"" from my point of view. Reduction of Ressources, Conversion of towns, lack of map dwellings, obvious map patterns and the free skilltree gave me the impression of a very monotonous game, where good improvements like the bosses, an interesting story or the big maps couldn't completly save it for me.But what about Might & Magic X now?I have to admit, when I first saw the screenshots, I was scared off. Partly because of the bad impressions of HoMM mentioned earlier, partly because I saw the reused Models. It made me worry about a cheaply produced game with repitative ressources.However. I was wrong!Right now Im halfway through the game, and it really manages to bring back that positive Dungeon-Crawler-Feeling the past series excelled at. The reused models dont annoy me as much, as I like to watch the fine details on the animations up close, whereas in the far away top-down perspective of HoMM one might have missed a lot. I realize how being able to reuse so much, the developers could focus more on the other aspects of the game, like the gameworld, dungeons and such.(Besides reused ressources actualy being a very sustainable way of game development)The Difficulty ""Warrior"" gives me, a very well challenged game, with a precisly adjusted curve of improving enemy stacks, as well as the obligatory ""come back when you feel ready"" challenges on the way.The skills and abilities are well thought through, and invite you to change your tactics accordingly when fighting different constellations of enemies.Of course, it is less story/decision-driven as The Witcher or Dragon Age and more focused on battles group VS group, but thats just the good old Might&Magic Series for you. And from my point of view, it is a nice addition to the current array of RPGs.One last thing: I do not know about the stability on other systems, but it tends to crash for me. A lot. It started when I entered Act II and since then I crashed ~7 Times with one ""freeze of death"".Luckily a thing you can avoid if you just Quicksave often, and also many crashes seem to happen right after changing a map, after the Autosave is done. Still you gotta have the nerves for it. ;)This is a definite recommendation from me. Buy it, and experience the well done newest installment of a series, which I daresay influenced the path of many a RPG gamer."
76561198036732474,Recommended,238750,8863901,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,abetow2531,Excellent game.  Waiting for the DLC and I hope there will be a MMXI!!!   I have to say that this Might and Magic is very good.
76561198044653235,Recommended,238750,8931908,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Azza,Great game just like the old days..Few little issues here and there but otherwise great..Lotsa fun..Make sure ya play on hard modeif ya like old school rpgs
,Recommended,238750,8932478,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Anirath,This game is great!  While playing it felt like a classic tabletop games in many ways.  If you like RPGs and don't mind turn based then it's definitely worth it.
76561198052330752,Recommended,238750,8938882,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Hastar,This game has really surprised me and I keep coming back to play more.  Has that old school feel but with some modern advancements.  If you are a fan of Might and Magic it is a must get.
,Recommended,238750,8922034,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Gabbelgak,"Might and Magic Legacy goes back to the days of RPG youth putting you into a first person perspective, grid and turn based combat with puzzles, riddles, exploration, sidequests, lore and combat all aplenty.The game lasts in the ballpark of 40-50 hours and I enjoyed it the whole way through. You create your party from 4 races with 3 class options for each race, any combination is probably viable on the normal difficulty (Adventurer) however if you play on the warrior difficulty you will want to look into optimizing your party a bit. I completed the game on the warrior difficulty but started over about 10 hours in and remade the party.Combat can be difficult the whole way through the game depending on how much side quest stuff you do, I did virtually everything the game had to offer and the final fight was still a bit of a challenge. If fighting against the random number generator is not your thing this game may not be to your liking - I could have a party member go from full health and shielded to dead in 1 combat round from bad dice rolls.There are some bugs still in the game as of the time of writing this (Graphical slowdown issues at points, Had the last boss bug out during the fight on me to name a few) but they are minor and didn't detract from my opinon of the game much.All in all this is a fantastic RPG and anyone itching to explore a new world, loves turn based combat and wants to actually have to use your brain on occasion I highly recommend the game to."
76561198031016315,Recommended,238750,8927849,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,vanden,Most useless game I ever played. Waste of money
76561198008963707,Recommended,238750,8851644,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,slave master,game stoping 223648
,Recommended,238750,8940640,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Leonard McCoy,"If you're a huge fan of M&M III and Xeen, you're gonna love this."
76561198114530332,Recommended,238750,9076710,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,konyak1984,"Hi all! I think this is a great game! I play more than 100 hours and can't stop! Atm i make walkthrough video on warrior diff,some kind of challange,but i like it :)I done the game twice and don't find any game bug or something wrong,just feel like old times m&m VII or VIII with great graphics and monsters look awesome! I recommend the game and if you wanna ask from game or some kind of walkthrough problem,etc...just write to me,i help if i can!"
76561198030763470,Recommended,238750,10589661,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,SaltMaster,"If you're a fan of the Might and Magic series, you should def play this. Perhaps not as good as the older in the series, but it's worth picking up. They've kept it the old way sort of with grids and stuff. So yeah. Buy it!"
76561197979043794,Recommended,238750,8839595,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,sean_plemmons,"Not perfect, but the sweet blast of nostalgia is great. Perfectly priced, it's hard not to recommend it to old school (Isles of Terra & Clouds of Xeen) MM fans."
76561198027839062,Recommended,238750,8843566,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,HozzMidnight,"If you enjoyed any previous M&M game, this is worth your money."
76561197980089669,Recommended,238750,8848746,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Grimlock King of All Universe,This game is everything I ever hoped for from a might and magic game. It brings back the nostalgia hardcore and even fixes a lot of issues the originals had.
,Recommended,238750,8839001,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Antatt,"This is a real Might and Magic game, just like the old days of MS-DOS. I have to admit I was surprised to be able to play it with out trouble on my system and it has good quality graphics and sound.  Keep in mind that it is a bit retro but it doesn't disappoint me in any way."
,Recommended,238750,473851,"Posted: 26 August, 2013",all,masterbard,"So amazingly happy that this is coming out. Having played practically all M&M games, Wizardry, Ultima since they came out, this is the game I've been waiting for.[Added]Having spent some time with the game, it lives up to my expectations. The game retains the classic feel (although feeling a bit easy so far) of exploration and danger around every corner. The graphics aren't top quality, but that only lends itself to the retro feel that I've missed for a long time.Well worth buying."
76561197965554327,Recommended,238750,8836899,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Kamosabe,"A bit rough on the edges, but great fun if you like oldschool tile-based dungeon-crawler-RPGs like Legend of Grimrock or Wizardry 7. Not regretting buying at all."
76561198010023983,Not Recommended,238750,9071602,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Statistic,"Regardless of the nostagic feel and good qualities, it's missing many basic feature even older games had.  It's far too easy to get lost not knowing where you next quest is, or even what zone it's in, or you're in.  After playing I got to a point where I was looking stuff up ont he web and found tons of other people complaining about the same time wastes that i had just experienced.  I was having fun for a while.  A short while.."
,Recommended,238750,9076542,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Flutterz,"As someone who only played one other game in the series, Might and Magic 8, Legacy feels to me as both a nostalgia trip and a game which tries a bit too much to be similar to previous games in the series to be its own game, but too little to be a remake.The most obvious differences between 8 and Legacy are that the former is semi-turn-based with free movement and the ability to swap out any party member except the leader, while the latter is completely turn-based with grid-based movement and your party is fixed from the start which, as far as I know, is what the series was like up to around the 6th game.The biggest disappointments in Legacy are that the game is significantly more linear than 8, and the world is significantly smaller. A large part of the enjoyment of Might and Magic, to me, was exploring new locations, seeing how quickly enemies can annihilate me, then finding ways to sneak or fly past the enemies and try to acquire the loot they are protecting. However now most enemies you encounter will be roughly as powerful as you are because new towns are unlocked only as you progress through the main quest, as opposed to them all being available from the start, the starter island notwithstanding. And if you do encounter enemies that are more powerful than you, which is either in mini-dungeons that simply have 1 very powerful monster, or, more rarely, on the world map, you may as well simply reload your most recent save, because once combat begins it is impossible to escape, save for perhaps some spell I have not yet discovered.There are also a couple of mechanics which are nearly pointless given how the game is structured, namely the fact that trainers for skills are scattered around the world and buying a ride to another city. In 8 trainers for skills could be in any of the several towns or out in the wilderness, particularly if they're the highest rank trainer, and if you looked and asked around you could generally get to the trainer no matter where he was, because even if he was in the highest-level town, you could simply get a ride there and find the trainer, despite the fact that a single step outside would spell your doom. But since you cannot move on to the next town without completing a number of quests, for balance reasons the trainers are much more cluttered. Nearly every rank 1 trainer is in the starting town, most of the rank 2 trainers are in the second town, and after exploring for about an hour I've found 3 rank 3 trainers pretty close to each other in the wilderness. As a result all that's left of a mechanic that encouraged exploration is the requirement to walk all around town until you find the right house, as well as limiting your skill progression if you haven't gotten far enough through the storyline. In a similar vein, buying a ride to another town is essentially pointless as it only takes a minute or two of walking to cover the distance on foot.I also have a few more minor complaints. There is no tavern card game, which was a great time-waster as well as an interesting way to get some artifacts, and there are barely any traps in any of the dungeons, whereas in 8 nearly half of all chests were booby-trapped and taking one wrong step could lead to ambushes, fireballs or even falling into a pit of snakes.Despite these complaints, I've enjoyed my time with the game so far. While not as much as in the game I played all those years ago, exploring is fun as is slaughtering weaker monsters and barely defeating monsters that are more powerful than you. The grid-based movement, while more restricting, also means that you can't defeat monsters that are significantly more powerful than you simply by kiting them or by flying above them while they gather underneath, vainly trying to reach you. Similarly, while the fact that your party cannot be changed after you start means you can't be as versatile with your group of adventurers, it also means you can't simply cast an invisibility spell at level 10, sneak through a cave full of high-level dragons and recruit a level 50 dragon into your party. It's a different experience to Might and Magic 8, but a fun one nonetheless."
,Recommended,238750,9197392,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,[TBR] dengue,fantastic game for all the people who spent days in the M&M 6-9.
,Recommended,238750,11139642,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,The captain,ist a good game that takes rpg back to where it startetyou can spent a lot of time in this game and it inst expensiveif you like rpg this is a game you might whant to chek this out
76561198009953573,Recommended,238750,9239005,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Gonest,Great game for the price and happy to see the update to fix the bugs.
76561197998954904,Recommended,238750,9503668,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,glaakiman,"A relaxing and enjoyable game.  Similar in gameplay to some of the previous Might and Magic games as well as Legend of Grimrock.  Unlike Grimrock, you may be locked to a grid, but it isn't a click-fest.  Character skills are are turn-based, and it allows more of a relaxed progression on the game.  I have a toddler and a five year old, and I appreciate a game that doesn't punish me for having to split my attention.The challenge level is good.  Some fights are easy while others are epic slug-fests you feel like you have to pull out all the stops to complete.  If you like turn-based games and/or RPGs, this one is worth a go."
,Recommended,238750,8852252,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Rapiant,"I like the gameplay, but from what I remember older versions of this game were a bit more exciting because you could actually move around real time. This game is more turn based and you can only move up down left or right on the map, instead of looking around"
76561197971294566,Recommended,238750,9603016,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Oracle Dragon,"Terrific return to the series past, this installment is a return to form for this series after the disappointing M&M 9. Not quite up to the (rose tinted) M&M 6, this release is more in the vein of M&M 3 or 4; the old school charm is a welcome change of pace from “modern” RPG’s, and a reminder of how solid these games used to be. The only thing that could use further tweaking is the difficulty… Adventurer mode is too easy, while Warrior mode can be too unforgiving, especially in the early game. My advice is to play on Warrior mode, but read a class guide beforehand, as it is too easy to create a party and build that can’t progress in Act 2.Legacy is a bit rough around the edges, but if you are a fan of Might & Magic, or RPG’s in general, this one is well worth your time!"
76561198017107138,Recommended,238750,9631557,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,madaje7117,"A couple of things to remind you how M&M works.#1 Everyone in your party MUST have ranged AND melee weapons. Unlike other RPG's where you usually have only one or the other. It took me a bit to remember that this was the way M&M worked and you will fail if you don't have both.#2 I was really frustrated with the controls, then I remembered that Q and E turn you around. You can change what buttons do that as well if you want something else.If you do these two things and if you liked M&M before you will love this game."
76561198017794652,Recommended,238750,9647731,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Rymns,PRETTY GOOD AND FUN
76561198052320969,Recommended,238750,9654161,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,SCPODAllen,It gives me a good feeling to play this game.
76561198062916681,Not Recommended,238750,9050736,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,pmevansbgsu,"Yeah, I didn't read any reviews or anything about this game so I had just figured it would be like the old Might and Magic games... I was wrong... but I am excited to open up Might and Magic XI... which was probably the best of series (though XII is probably my favorite)."
76561198085706812,Not Recommended,238750,9915906,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,david,"I do not recommend this game as it is unplayable for me. I have submitted this bug to Ubisoft:Might & Magic X - Legacy: Game freezing when hitting [CONFIRM] ButtonWhen hitting [Confirm] to enter the Lighthouse or Den of Thieves, the game freezes and I have to FORCE QUIT to exit. I cannot continue with the gameplay and this need to be fixed. Please advise on the information needed to fix this issue (logs, etc..) or I will need to request a refund."
,Recommended,238750,28185680,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,StaticSounds,"Great game, worth buying if you're a fan of the earlier M&M games.It lacks the open-world charm of M&M 6/7 and the ability to turn turnbased movement off."
76561198087933619,Recommended,238750,24761856,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Assailer,"Thank you for making this sequel!The DLC received tons of negative reviews, but i feel it was the opposite, a nice challenge and good story extension. I wish there would be more DLCs or MM11 coming this year!"
76561198115669792,Recommended,238750,28659216,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,sillydrizzy,Good flash back to the old M&M games inthe days of DOS. Worth pickingup if you want an old school fix
76561198020185016,Not Recommended,238750,34975763,Posted: 15 September,all,beeda2004,"overpriced tablet game marked like top game, full of bugs, worse performance of unity engine, no modifications because unity 1600 dolars program price, one month after expansion release game fully abandoned and team disbanded"
76561198027983346,Recommended,238750,32835615,Posted: 26 June,all,Fruit Basket,"TL;DR - If You like old-school cRPGs, buy this on a sale.As a fan of the series (started with VI, but played pretty much every part), I rejoiced when I've learned that Ubi greenlit a game from a series and genre I've presumed dead. That being said, I acknowledge the fact, that this game is neither the best M&M game nor the best retro-style cRPG. Nevertheless, if you're a fan of the series, or liked Legends of Grimrock, or other similar titles, this one is fun too.It's rather minimalistic with only three classes and four races, but each race+class combo is treated differently (e.g an Orc warrior is an aggressive Barbarian, whereas a Dwarf is tanky Shieldbearer, and a Human Crusader has some healing abilities) and as the game progresses they get different special skills. Movement is grid based like in M&M I through V, and everything is turn based (enemies won't move, unless your party moved/waited) and the combat, while rather simple, is a snap, once you know what you're doing. The story is quite standard (find four magical thingies to save the world), and is set in the HoMM VI universe, although prior knowledge of that game is not necessary. Nothing special, but it does harken back to an age when cRPGs were simpler, and like I've said, if you liked that kind of games, this one emulates them very nicely, with more contemporary graphics.Also, I never had any game breaking bugs, that seem to plague other players, although the game is poorly optimized, and after an hour or so the framerate drops significantly."
76561198010401580,Recommended,238750,8865173,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,davli,"Loved it - was early access purchaser and just played a couple of hours of the full release 6 months later.If you liked Wizardry, Might & Magic you will love this.World is alive without distracting from the core old school RPG fun - highly recommended!********************************30 hours later - yyyyeeeessssss!!!!!!!!! I love i can do everything with keyboard and combats go quickly. The User Interface is clean and efficient, none of the ""one fight takes forever to load and finish"" crap. First offline RPG i played for more than 30 hours in a long time"
,Recommended,238750,8850071,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Frog,"Game is fun and stable, feels like a good next installment of World of Xeen.I occasionally miss the old RPG party based games, this fits the bill."
76561197995044412,Recommended,238750,8830610,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,azrael1379,"As of now, i like the game itself .. only the trouble of buying the digital deluxe edition via steam seems not to be working: the bonus content so far is not yet linked to my steam account, neither on the Uplay one (oh, yes, btw you need that one to play the game, another thing not mentioned in the specs for the game ... AND it seems DD-buyers got the 4gb sized download, so there seems some problem at all, for it clearly says you need 10gb hdd .. )Once that is solved, i can recommend the game to all who like tile-walking oldschool rpg's .. before this: no, definetly not."
,Recommended,238750,8835151,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Peacefullman,"That is totaly awesome, much more balanca and fun"
,Recommended,238750,9255266,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,key,"Wow, what a game.  Haven't seen an old school RPG like this in years, and they really hit the nail on the head.  Game uses a first person grid based system similar to Legend Of Grimrock, but it is much more complex.  You choose a party of 4 adventurers, and are free to mix and match as you please.  The leveling system is well thought out and there is definitely lots of room for strategy in skill choice and combat mechanics.  Game appears to be quite long, and the difficulty on ""Warrior"" mode is quite challenging.  If you are a fan of classic RPG's, this game is not to be missed!  Only downside is the Ubisoft launcher, but once you are in game you will forget all about it."
76561197970890942,Recommended,238750,9074380,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,bigdawg4,"Might & Magic X - Legacy is great, I never realized how much I missed the old school games.  Thanks"
,Recommended,238750,8864047,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Anfere,"Great game if you are a fan of turn based combat and grid based RPG. It's a dungeon crawler with a lot of exploration, puzzles, and the warrior mode is very challenging. A lot of replayability as you will want to try out a lot of class combinations. Very deep personnalisation system, you can have fun with each and every class.The game is really worth the 25 bucks as you will have countless hours worth of pleasure.If you are a fan of old-school RPG and homm series this is for you."
76561197972365553,Not Recommended,238750,8838358,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,キラ☆ボシ Lum Laisin,"UPlay DRM.  I regret purchasing this game, and wish Steam didn't bury the third-party DRM warning in tiny gray-on-black text underneath the list of included subtitles."
76561198018841468,Recommended,238750,8861384,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,kithkanan,Great game
,Recommended,238750,8852422,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Dezloc,Old school rpg goodness thats a little rough around the edges
,Recommended,238750,8863999,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,gblues,"Remember the days when RPGs didn't lead you by the nose from setpiece to setpiece? Remember when dungeons were actually dangerous and needed careful planning and tactics? And remember when skill growth actually meant something?Might & Magic X - Legacy is made in the mold of the classics. There are some modern amenities, like in-game mapping and quest notes that remind you of quest details. The graphics, while not jaw-dropping, are quite well-done. Plus there is a ""retro"" filter for that true 1994 experience.If you remember and loved the way CRPGs used to be, you won't be disappointed with this game."
76561198006895850,Recommended,238750,8859457,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,toregil,"Just the way i remember the old might and magics, no holding hands, at least not on warrior difficulty.not been dumbed down"
76561198019392454,Not Recommended,238750,9033503,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,muddysky,DON'T BUY THIS GAME IF YOU HAVE 32-BIT WINDOWS!!!. if u have 32-bit system then you'll never get pass through act 2 since this game keeps crashing every 5 minutes and then downgrades to crashing every 2 minutes! it's in the forums and the devs are clearly denying this. and they';; never tell you that this game isn't build for 32-bit system. NEVER! they just want your money
76561198129011588,Not Recommended,238750,14908367,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,surrendertherain,"I cannot describe how awful this game is.  Read the other reviews.  They're spot-on.Graphics are certainly horrible.  Gameplay is equally atrocious.  Couldn't handle more than a few minutes before I uninstalled the game.  I did like M&MVII.  However, I did expect some improvement after almost 15 years.  I got this for around $7 and it was still a waste of money.  Not to mention the pain-in-the-butt Uplay garbage that you're forced to put up with now.  Buyer beware."
,Not Recommended,238750,14982760,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Lecundra,"This is pretty much the worst installment in the series imo (yes worse than IX). I am not sure how they did it, but they managed to build a very disjointed world with very poor layout. The mechanics are unimaginative, the quests senseless and pretty random. I am not thrilled that they reverted back to tile-based movement as it was just unnecessary and lazy."
76561198017197756,Not Recommended,238750,9406220,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Alexander,"ConsHorribly long load times, easily 15-30 seconds for an area.  There are cases where if you want to run back to town, you will need to run through 4+ areas.  With movement and load times this can take easily five minutes.  Too make it even more annoying the loading of an area STOPS if the screen loses focus, so no alt-tabbing during a load time.This is simply too immersion breaking.   There is a good chance you will hit a point where you have to run back to town realize this could easily involve five minutes to get there and then ANOTHER five minutes to get back.  If you’re the type of person who will drop this game and forget it with the above scenario don’t buy it.ProsProbably the best combat system for a turn based RPG I’ve seen in a long time.Melee for example you have the three styles, duel-wield, shield and two-hander each one has situations where one is better.  A monster has the ability vindictive, for every miss on him he gets one more hit, which might damages your whole party.  Duel wielding dagger wielders with 4 attacks might get you killed if they miss too often one round, while a two handers one swing mass damage won’t cause a wipe.   Conversely a monster might be able to block the first swing against him 75% of the time, making the duel wielder at worst lose one attack and the two-hander do none.The spells are just as varied and important as well with their effects frequently being more important than their damage.   Pushing a monster square away, putting a monster to sleep, reducing the number of attacks a monster gets, buffing the party, removing block attempts or armour from monsters, AoE spells, and many more effects.Although some fights do break down into a simple damage race, knowing what type of melee and spell to use and the correct order actually matters in this game."
76561198031579361,Recommended,238750,11110937,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,mkucharski,"The game has performance issues, especially around the 680gtx cards. Only uses the first card, and will pretty much peg it most of the game (bug). But the game is fun, and captures the original feel of might and magic 3-5.  The game is pretty well balances, difficult but most party combinations have a way to beat it. The Falchon and the Unicorn is very difficult, I got through the jail to the palace courtyard. after 100+ attempts I finally modded my archemage (which was healer/area dps) ac by 25, and vitality by 20 through gear  modifications. I also increased my warmongers ac by 25. This kept my whole party from being one hit and allowed my only healer to resurrect. I still had quite a challenge to get to the end, but at least it wasnt impossible. I am sure there are party and gear combinations that make it beatable but when you face 20+ enemies all capable of one shot kills (with several that can 1 shot party kill), with facing 6 at a time, it is very little odds that you will get lucky enough to survive. The one time I did, I had to reload because I couldn't resurrect my party.  If you mod start small, even 10% might be enough to make the difference.  I recommend it, its a fun old school rpg, but only if you like extreme challenges tackle falchon and the unicorn (or opt for some mods) don't mod before the dlc, it will ruin your whole experience the main game is well balanced."
76561197991130013,Recommended,238750,18246549,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Batchman,"Limbic's attempt to revive M&M RPG series is not as awesome as many hoped, bud not a bad game either. If they build upon it, improve core mechanics, we could have awesome XI.+decent graphics+more than 40h playtime+challenging at times+few great quest+voice-overs-irelevant party possition-close combat movent block-range combat lacking viability-not enough action bars, constant spellbook browsing-no creature respawn => limited xp-limited replayability (you can try new classes, everyting else is the same)7.5/10"
,Recommended,238750,9211668,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Draetor,"One of the best reiterations of an old series into a new game, using turn based old RPG tactics.  This has been one of the most fun and challenging RPGs I've played of late in regards to gameplay and high fantasy themed environments, monsters, and NPCs.What this game lacks:  Story.  It's not that great compared to some RPGs like The Witcher series.  It's a basic plot line like other old school RPGs, but the gameplay highly makes up for that.Minor issues:  Some graphical screen stuttering when moving around some areas, but not a big deal."
76561197972416710,Recommended,238750,8844748,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,digitaloz,"This is a great old-school RPG.  I have always loved the M&M series and this stays true to its origins.  If you like old-school, turn-based RPGs, this is a must have.  One other thing I really like is that it doesn't use pixelated graphics.  I like pixels every now and then, but it seems that anymore that's all anyone is putting out.  This game has full graphics and fantastic artwork.  The old thing that I am a bit disappointed in so far is the music.  It is very sporadic."
,Recommended,238750,9585000,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,camelotcrusade,"After putting 80+ hours into this game with two ongoing playthroughs I definitely recommend Might and Magic X: Legacy.  At first I was slow to succumb to its charms.  I felt the controls and immersion were a little clumsy, the voices and sound effects cheesy at best, and the visuals less than stellar.  When I got to the heart of the game, however, all of those things faded to the background and I found a lot to enjoy in the party building, monster smashing, and exploration.  I encourage newcomers to begin with an open mind and to be prepared to invest some solid time with a trial party to get acquainted with the mechanics and to learn what works well and what doesn't. Then once you have a vision and some goals it makes the challenges in front of you - and your progress - much more rewarding and motivating.I'm enjoying mysecond playthrough even more, this time using my knowledge of trainer and gear availability, what works best in combat and what doesn't, and an understanding of the pacing of the game to make a challenging party that beats the odds.  What's more, the game is deliberately set up to prevent you from trying all of the skills and classes in one go.  At first this frustrated me; now I appreciate the built-in replay.  A tip on that note: Don't try to do it all, do just a few things really well, and then try a different mix in another playthrough."
76561198155598712,Not Recommended,238750,29308877,Posted: 16 January,all,Odin,"As a standalone game it's certainly okay.Problem is... It's not.It is the latest installment in a renowned RPG-franchise and so it has to be compared to the earlier games.The graphics and style is nice and much better than its predecessors, but that's all. Gameplay is too different from the earlier games to still be seriously considered part of the franchise. Number 9 in the series was a bit different from 6-8, but the difference wasn't really a bad one but instead a refreshing one. The changes made to gameplay with number 10 are just horrendous and terrible. I still occasionally pop out the 'ol MM6 7 8 and 9 and play through em but this one is just pure♥♥♥♥♥♥♥compared to the others. It's clunky, hard and tedious  to simply travel around.There's much I would like to say about this game but I really don't wanna waste time on it anymore, I've given it about 5 tries so far with an  open mind... but you can't polish♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,238750,8852094,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Gemanoneko,"As a fan of old school RPGs I'm really enjoying this game. If you like Lands of Lore, Eye of Beholder and old M&Ms, get this game. Playing the game brings up memories. It's different from today RPGs in a good way. And also has nice visuals (not the last gen, but I really like them). Bought PS4 2 days ago and instead of playing KZ: Shadow Fall, I play M&MX :)"
76561197962521138,Recommended,238750,8856124,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,GOTzMADsKILLz,Lots of areas to explore and puzzles and riddles and things to solve. A lot bigger than I thought from what what we got at alpha/beta. Some bugs here and there but haven't had anything game breaking. Mostly the bugs are the combat sound will continue to play and not stop after combat. Some graphics glitches but could be a driver issue as well.
,Recommended,238750,8865004,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Ultranathon,"I'm enjoying it quite a bit, but i haven't finished yet.If this is your thing, you may enjoy it, the graphics are pretty weak, some characters and environments look awful, others look great.If you've played a M&M game before, this game plays with a grid based movement and combat system, unlike the later M&M games. Reminds me of Grimrock, only with much easier to manage turn based combat in place of the real time grid based system used there."
,Recommended,238750,8846882,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Scote,"I've been reading some reviews on this game and they just seem silly to me, so I thought I might post one of my own.  First off, if you can't get past the Uplay don't even bother reading further.  I guess there is some issues if you have  32-bit OS as well...  I have a 64-bit OS so it isn't as issue for me.  You might want to check into that if do.Ok, so I fell in love with Might and Magic since I played M&M II: Gates to another world on the Sega Genesis.  I've played III, IV, V and VI all through completion.  I love the series!  I've also played Heroes of M&M I-VI.  THEY ARE DIFFERENT GAMES!  I saw reviews of people complaning this is nothing like Heroes...well...yeah!  It is nothing like Duel of Champions either!  The only thing this game has in common with Heroes is story background and creatures.  Game style is completely different!  I also saw a number of people comparing this to Grimlock.  Sounds like they were expecting this to be Grimlock but with an outside world.  I wonder if this is because all the Diablo Clones out there...Anyways...  Well, this games is completely different again.  Only thing in common with Grimlock is a party of 4 and a grid movement system.  Party make up and battles are different.  There is a lot more stratagy and party balance needed here.  You can't just take for rogues and expect to shoot/kite everything.  There is no kiting.  Mobs will catch you and eat you if you're not prepared.  You will learn what kind of attacks they have and will have to plan on what you need to do to counter them to keep your team alive.   It is turn based, so you know when to expect the attack.  Your four go, then the monsters go, repeat...  You will have time to think, because you'll need it.  This game does have a lot of do and explore.  I did play the early access and am a ways into act 1 of the full release.  Things have gotten much better than early access!  So don't read too much into reviews before 01/21/2014....  The music...I don't really care about music...I play games to play them not listen to music...  The game play is fun, complex and challenging so far.    If played other M&M games (again not Heroes) then you should like this.  If you like Grimlock and are open to more strategy in fighting and with less puzzles and kiting, then you'll probably like this...It this is a great game if you're not expecting it to be a clone of other games you've played...."
,Recommended,238750,8863093,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Fletch,"Great game!  Old school RPG, highly recommended!"
76561198076562751,Recommended,238750,8852104,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Demetrio,"I just don't get why all this crying and whining about M&M X, just because it was made by ubisoft and not 3DO doesn't mean the  game will be a bad thing, I'm actually enjoying it, loved the character creation even if some classes are race bound it is still awesome to have the option to create your own party.Warrior Difficulty is a true hell, I'm taking a good ammount of time to advance and requires a great ammount of strategy.Stop with the bull**** and enjoy a great game =)"
76561197983067557,Recommended,238750,11110657,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Crazily,"Awesome game, old school RPG with tons of mysteries and puzzles, character building."
,Recommended,238750,11145660,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Bowlocke,"grid based, old school- wizardry-ish. oh so good"
,Recommended,238750,8861952,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Anfronio,"Fan of dungeon crawling games? This is your♥♥♥♥♥♥right here. Highly recommended to anyone who loves a classic tile-based RPG, like Legend of Grimrock with less puzzles and more RPG goodness. Fun, challenging, and I can't put it down!"
,Recommended,238750,8826307,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,AinSofLight,"Best part: It still have the ""feel"" of the old MM series... specifically 6-8. So I guess that's what matters the most.The battle system has been fixed to turn-based. On the negative side it become less fluid, but on the plus side it has become somewhat strategic.Graphics-wise it's somewhat disappointing for a PC game, with today's standards. But the world is still mostly vibrant and colorful. As a downside there's only limited people you can interact with and NPC feel like backgrounds. But heck, this game has been known to be a low-cost production ever since it's been announced, so it makes no sense arguing over those now right?Overall it's not bad but not amazingly good either. But at the very least, it's still the long awaited sequel to the Might and Magic series!"
,Recommended,238750,8823081,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,enek,"Ok, this is the first time i have spoken up for a game.  I have played this since early acess release and yes i see alot of thumb downs for it wqhen it was early acess.  Hell i would have thumb downed it as well but since the relese it is totally different.  the movement is smoother and alot better the classes feel fuller and more robust.  I am at heart a fanboy of the MM series it was my first rpg on the apple 2gs on a floppy drive with a 5"" disk.  when u had to use 2-2 to cast shocking grasp and mark lost his keys.  If u liked legends of Grimrock play this game.  If u are still unsure its 25 bucks its well worth the tag."
,Recommended,238750,8860031,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,MayDay,"It's awesome! A little bit buggy, but AWESOME!"
,Recommended,238750,8858251,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Claws,"Incredible old school rpg. Arguably even better than its predecessors! If you are a fan of turn-based role playing games, you owe it to yourself to experience this game."
76561197989842289,Recommended,238750,8831013,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,MiK,"Well done, feels oldschool)"
76561198006552655,Not Recommended,238750,10701171,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Meteor,The Game is unstable on OSX and do not deserve our money unless this basic requirement of game stability is addressed.
,Recommended,238750,8824025,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Titus Pullo,Authentic old school experience. What's not to love about this new Might and Magic.Definitely recommended.
,Recommended,238750,8845460,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Nefer,"Since the latest patch, This game has now been and enjoyable enough to recommend to other used, it may have its flaws, but the game manages to keep you hooked.It still has limitations at 32bit like no sound effects like enemy roars or squad noices, and medium graphics but that aint really that important. the important sound effects are there and the graphics are good enough, you might experience some afterward loading of trees, rocks and detail textures.But do emember to press F5 often, even though the game crashes once at 2/3 hours it might happen at that certain moment."
76561198023312777,Not Recommended,238750,10393458,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Karakum,"Crashes very often, even after upgrades. Character leveling and diffulculty of enemies not balanced. I enjoy old school but this one waste of time."
,Not Recommended,238750,25266699,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Xue-tenantSHEEP,"The game is out of its time in terms of play style. Its fun, but it doesnt feel as immersive or fleshed out as previous titles and the gameplay is more restrictive. If you not already into this series, best play previous titles to see if you'd like it."
76561198051626932,Recommended,238750,8828635,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Naharr,"This game is pretty good. Kind of sentimental, old school. But seems to be short or shorter, than older games from series (not quite sure about that, just feeling). One strong disappointing is graphics. Looks kind of 5-10 years old graphic engine, but had to set medium details to make game smooth (Geforce GTX 660M, skyrim works on my machine on High details with 60+ fps). So thats only one negative aspect i found on this game."
76561198024877192,Not Recommended,238750,9973901,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,[x] solareyed,frequently crashes on mac  osX maverics
76561197983918013,Not Recommended,238750,8837463,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,CHILLI DOG,"So many things about Might and Magic – Legacy are just needlessly stupid. If you get poisoned  then there seems to be only two things that will cure it, the antidote potion or death. And guess what? The first portion of the game is filled with spiders that poison you repeatedly in every single fight. So, a level one spider, can poison you and do what is effectively an endless amount of damage. You can use every single health potion that you have and the poison effect never wears off. If you run out of antidote potions in the first mission then you are are just screwed as far as I can tell.Do you want to make a unique character? How about a tough spear wielding druid? Well, if there is no spear in the shop then you  can't attack. You can cast your one staring spell two or three times and then your mana has run out and you stand there.Mechanics are completely unexplained, as is leveling so are basic explanations of pretty much everything. This should be a great game that is completely ruined through sheer boneheaded decisions."
,Recommended,238750,8670943,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Delushin,"From the small amount of bug hunting and gametime I have this is shaping up to be fantastic, voice could be expanded on to all sections of text - I know that is alot of asset time but goes a long way.I am really looking forwards to the release, but for now we drop in a aid in the production as I can."
,Recommended,238750,8826972,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Ghaz,"Having participated in the early-access program and completing the early stages of the game several times, and helping the developers out as they progress through the game's developerment, I can say I am so far pleased with the final product. While the game is completly tile based, it does make you think about every step you end up taking, as it uses a turn. If you have a buff, do you want to move this direction or this direction, either way it uses up a point in the spell's duration. The graphics are pretty, although it can be a little laggy even on high end machines it isn't anything to start ranting about. If you are a fan of the older type of RPG's like this, you can even set the game to ""retro mode"" in the options and force the older feel pixels for the game. The game is filled with all sorts of journals giving insight to the world the game is set in. I personally sat down (breaks included of going to make a sandwich or something else more important at the moment) for a little over 3 hours to find the perfect type of class combination I wanted for my party. It is very important that you choose wisely. The game encourages you to explore the areas you are in and do not strictly require you to go from point A to point B. The way I see it is, take a shot at getting it. If you get the amout of hours in gameplay that you paid for it, then its worth the purchase. Try to avoid the ones that pick at the minor flaws and give it a bad rating."
76561197996595835,Recommended,238750,8836742,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,GreatRumbler,A fantastic ode to a by-gone era of RPGs. Turn-based first-person grid party combat. Yes.
76561198050438415,Recommended,238750,8818413,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,S_on_CHEST,I remember as a child playing the series. The countless hours I logged. By far one of the best and first open world games. A unique style of gameplay with a real feel of fantasy. I find people either love it or hate it. For the price I find it a steal. If you never have played I would watch video on youtube before making your purchase. Thank you Ubisoft.
76561198093378763,Not Recommended,238750,16803111,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,gallaghan2000,"For anyone who thought that MM6 and MM7 were the best games in the series, this game is a huge let down. The developers took the best part of the game series, the sandbox element, and replaced it with a linear piece of junk.There were three aspects of the game that I enjoyed, the riddles and/or puzzles, being able to gather most quest objects without having the quest active yet (it saved me a lot of running around and back-tracking), and the fallout-style epilogue for some of the completed quests, that I got after beating the game. It could have given me a little extra time to read them, but whatever.That said, those are the only three elements of the game that I enjoyed and if I had to rate the game on a scale of one to ten, I'd say it'd rate a three with their inclusion.The rest is just full of dross, I beat the game and started today on the Falcon and the Unicorn DLC. Got fed up when it just transported me to the dungeon and dumped all the stuff I had. Even if I would have gotten my things back by getting to the second level of said dungeon, the approach and how it handled the interaction does not make sense to me.Having said all of this, I can forgive a lot if there is a good story included in a game.The story given is a piece of crap. The more I think about diffent elements in it, the less it makes sense to me.It is presented in such a way as to celebrate how humans can do anything, while slandering the names of two real-life angels according to the bible, and presenting the policy of the separation of church and state as something that is needed because the angels are the corrupt element in the government. This just doesn't make sense to me in a fictional world, where as far as I know every other supernatural being is given a made up name. Why go to the trouble of offending people who believe the two named angels are real beings in the real world, and one of which is described in the book of Daniel as the Great Prince who protects the Jews? The writer could have just as easily made up another name for these mortal non-angels as they are presented in the world.There are other issues I have with the game, lots of them, but you don't need to hear general griping from me. Just suffice to say that my personal tastes find this game to be extremely lacking on several levels, despite looking forward to playing it since I heard that it was being made.Some may claim that I'm setting the bar too high, but I think it's high enough for an expectation of what to expect from a game calling itself 'Might+Magic x:Legacy' when the Wizardry series ended on an awesome note with Wizardry 8. I can play Wizardry 8 to this day and have an awesome time, but I can tell you all that I'm never touching this piece of crap again. Later! Time to play Wizardry 7, I want to see what I can do with a party starting W8 as allies of the other races..."
,Not Recommended,238750,12577753,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,"RiverKing, The","The more I played of M&M X, the less I enjoyed it.  The last few areas were a slog, with huge groups of enemies that have little to no chance of actually killing you blocking your path at every turn."
,Recommended,238750,8819630,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,paladinofmm,"As a hardcore Might & Magic fan, I would highly recommend to play this game, it is back to classic with modern graphics."
76561198026765092,Recommended,238750,8820423,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,NerdRayge,I'm just happy there is a group of people out there dedicating themselves to continuing the might and magic francise.
76561197991236570,Not Recommended,238750,7960348,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Bennings Dekker,"far from its originality, the game is now only serving for the newer generation of gamers with a lot of shallow features. tile movement, the difficulty, design of ui, worthless combat system which was given a hand by colorful kiddy kaddy damage balloons...you can see that i played and finished mm6 instead, on the other hand, expecting the previous quality and atmosphere from ubisoft would be so unfair,  i miss 3do, i know every1 does. you will see a lot of different critics from fans and websites. so choose wisely."
76561198082111464,Not Recommended,238750,11989598,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,jeffrey157,"This game is almost eveything you want.graphics are good,map is huge.char, creation is greatleveling up is great alsoHowever,you can not move in battle, taking away alot of tactics.also once an enemie is defeted he is dead and ther are no random enemies. so you can not level up.the scaling of the enemies vs your players is terrible.there are 0! puzzle elements to the gamejust fight then fight, o surprise another fight.and the riddle element of the game is based upon vague things in the game a player would have no wy to know. just goole the answers to save yourself some trouble.I have dedicated some hours to this game and I would not recommend it unless it was 4.99 or less.I hope this helped sorry for my spelling mistakes.also this is my first post, and I only posted becuase I looked forward to this game and was so disapointed."
,Not Recommended,238750,9033170,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,kaeshiva,"While the concept is excellent, the implementation leaves a lot to be desired.Main issue:Buggy to the point of unplayable, REQUIRING hex-editing save games in order to progress due to bugs getting you stuck in combat with something that isn't there.Extremely unintuitive on where to go, possible to win one fight, take three steps, and get 1 shot by something you have no business being near.Unnecessarily long load times due to save game bloat, again needing a hex editor to fixSupply limit can be extremely frustrating, gearing your characters can be extremely frustrating, walking all the way back to the very first town for training can be extremely frustrating, especially since every time you zone you get a 60 second load screen that may or may not result in your characters being stuck and unable to move when it finishes.  Can't simply reload the autosave, you'll still be stuck.  Must boot up the hex editor again.After 6 or 7 times of this, I was done and regret spending the money until this is fixed."
,Recommended,238750,13229924,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Baktanfuli,"For old timers, who played the original MMs, this is a great game, well worth the price (especially on a 75% sale), i got a solid 33 hours entertainemt of it.It's not perfect, but for the price, its an excellent bargain.PS: do NOT fret over the DLCs, they are junk, only take them if part of a deal.PPS: Ubisoft is crap!"
,Not Recommended,238750,11104906,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Stangryn,"Might and Magic, gameplay is reminiscent of old M&M games... like MM2 not at all similar to current day equivalents like Skyrim, etc... This is really a game out of it's time... not terrible but game concepts are very outdated"
76561198017538499,Recommended,238750,9141337,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,unfhunt,".......................,,-~*~,,......................./:.:.:.:.:.|......................|;.;.;.;.;./......................|.;.;.;.;.|............._,,,,,_.).;.;.;.;.|.........,,-"":.:.:.:.""~-,;.;.;.|........(_,,,,---,,_:.:.);.;.;.."",,......,-"":.:.:.:.:.""""-,,/;.;.;.;.;."",.....(:.__,,,,,,,,,___);.;.;.;.;.;|...../"""":.:.:.:.:.:.:¯""""\;.;.;.;.;.,""....\"",__,,,,,,,,,,,__/;;;;;;;;;/\.....\.::.:.:.:.:.:.:.;.);;;;;;;;;/:\.......\,,,,,---~~~~;;;;;;;;,""::::\..........""""""~~--,,,,,,,,,,-""::::::::::\...................\::::::::::::::::::::::"
76561198007317308,Recommended,238750,9044956,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,GauntDACC,"How do I even begin...... this game is awesome!!!!For those of us old school gamers of the 90's who love he old Might and Magic would love this game straight away.For those new to this game, just have fun..... it does not matter how your party is created and which mix you use, it's the fun level that will suck you up into the game with it's rich and diverse story lines.Graphics wise it's a lot better than the old school yet have that similar tile movement feeling.Sound wise, it's really great hearing those indications that monsters are nearby.Difficulty wise, this game sets itself to cater for all, if you find some monsters are too tough for you to kill, then maybe your party is just not at the right level to face it yet, so go explore someother place and come back when you are stronger."
76561198097770226,Recommended,238750,8862771,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,aghiad,i have crash in the game he let me out from the game and show me a massege 2014-01-27_024534please help me to solve this proplem
76561198075502074,Recommended,238750,8887920,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,ondskan,For all players who finished the oldschool RPG Lands of Lore.
,Recommended,238750,9020571,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Magrock,"Really good oldschool RPG. I had a lot of fun with this one, and plan to play though it again at some point(doesen't happen often in my case)! Thumbs up"
76561198050459769,Recommended,238750,8982893,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,yusuketeam,"Best. Game. Ever. I'm kidding, but it's a really great game. Old school, hard, complex and FUN. Love it, want moar!!"
,Recommended,238750,8980050,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,welly321,"Might and Magic 6 and 7 were some of my favorite games when they came out. The combination of an intricate skill system and open world gameplay was addictive as hell. Fortunately this new installment in the series captures the same feeling that made those games great. In fact it even improves on many aspects. The first major difference is combat. Instead of being realtime/pausable, the combat is completely turn based. This makes battles much more about tactics then the previous might and magics. The skill system with masters and grandmasters makes a return along with class promotion quests. In fact, this game retains a lot of might and magic staples. Yes there is obelisks. Yes there are relics.Dungeons are very well done. There are secrets and hidden passages that you must find. You cant just kill all the enemies to finish the dungeons/quests. Dungeons are large and there is even one that has multiple entries and exits that span a large part of the game world. You will find yourself returning to the different dungeons just to see if you missed anything. You will solve puzzles, find clues, and even discover elemental shards. There are about 7 shards in total and each time you find one, you embark on a quest and gain a new blessing. The blessing's allow you to cross water or cut through a forest or take portals.Might and Magic X can be difficult and even frustrating at times. The magic system is such that you gain new spells when you become an expert, master, or grandmaster. You will find yourself to weak to fight certain creatures until you get these new spells. Speaking of the spell system, there are 12 different classes spanning 4 different races. Each class has its own flavor and can specialize in certain skills. Once your class gets promoted, they even get special abilities. This was a great addition to the traditional Might and Magic class system.The one downside to this game is that its not quite big enough. You can tell the developers didnt have the time or budget they needed to truly make an epic game. I believe this release was a sort of test to see how well itd do and if it does well, we can look foward to a epic Might and Magic XI. Although the game world is small, its still a fantastic game."
76561198040987083,Not Recommended,238750,10085224,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,tony,"Back in the day I was a huge Hero's of Might and Magic fan. But lately, I have been consistently let down with these games. I wouldn't purchase this game, I didn't need to get very far in the game to know the gameplay was heavily lacking."
,Recommended,238750,11514424,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,shazwani.babjee,"As a fan of the Might and Magic series (MM6-8), it took some getting use to the grid style of the game. While MM10 does not live up to its predecessors, the content and plot of the game was sufficient to allow me many hours of fun adventuring. Recommended for mm fans only."
76561198025695794,Recommended,238750,9460545,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,immagikman,"Really like the throw back to the old days of Might and Magic CRPGs..with a few modern updates to get rid of some of the tedium.   If you ever played Might and Magic 1-6   I think you wiil get a kick out of this, Im having a blast,"
,Recommended,238750,9013721,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Genesi,This game will bring you back to your old school RPG roots. This game takes up all of my free time these last couple of weeks. Highly recommended for old school RPG feels.
76561197998343901,Recommended,238750,26487141,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,torque,the levels stoped at 33 which is too low needed to be at least 45
76561197970679463,Recommended,238750,10942332,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,ironmaiden,"I've had a great time with this game.  Despite being a little clunky with some slowdown in areas, it really feels like a Might and Magic game.   I'm hoping that with future releases they bring back even more of the old Might and Magic like large groups of enemies and an overworld that is less maze like.If you are a fan of old school RPG's and especially the Might and Magic series give this game a shot!"
,Not Recommended,238750,8857793,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,jankoxp,"I am big fun of Might and Magic series, but fatal bugs make this game unplayable."
76561198006647933,Not Recommended,238750,8856240,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Low_K,"Might and Magic. Right. Not to be confused with the Heroes of Might and Magic series, which, went down the minute UbiSoft got the IP.This game has it flaws, actually many flaws. I'll note some cons of the game;- No front and rear positions- Your heroes are all in the front rank, and can be targeted by the enemies, so you cannot defend your magic users. There are a few spells which take some of the damage, but not having front and rear ranks is a bit of a oversight.- No means of retreating- Sometimes you make a mistake and aggro the wrong enemies, once you are locked into combat you cannot move away. So if you bite off more than you can chew; just load a previous save and save you the trouble of fighting a lost battle.- The graphics are really below par. Ofcourse graphics are not the most important things in these sort of games, but 2014 would mean at least some more eye-candy would be welcome. The graphics are bland, doors and NPCs made as if they are from the nineties. The day and night cycle is good though, but overall the graphics are not 2014 like,- The levelling up is way too much fuss. You'd think when you level up you can select abilities and skills on one screen. Not in this game; Here you need to edit your stats in the inventory screen, close it, open the spellbook and select more skill points for weapon/spells/etc. skills. Very annoying.- The customisation options- Really, 4 races with only 2 head options for females and males? Three classes per race is way too few. Customisation is very, very disappointing.- The Dialogues- Dialogues are very boring; If you expect anything like Mass Effect think again. Not much options to answer, usually only 2 and the dialogues really don't draw you into the story.- The graphics sometimes don't render and there are slow-downs at certain parts. Bad graphical optimisation.I can go on, but I think you get a general idea. Does this game have no plusses? Sure, but the cons really have the upper hand. Wait for a few more patches which hopefully will change a lot while the game feels very rushed.I think hardcore fans of the Might and Magic series could get some fun out of this game, but people like me, who like the Eye of the Beholder series and Wizardry 8, really don't need to buy this. It is overpriced and under-par. It tries to mimick the RPGs of old and fails.Shame really while it had potential to become a great game."
76561197980339413,Recommended,238750,9057682,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Rostbiff,"Most fun i've had in a game since the likes of Baldur's gate 2 and Fallout. The game is not for everyone but if you enjoyed Legend of Grimrock this one is in my opinion a lot better due to free roaming and no ""tile dancing"". You are left with a main quest to follow but after 1 hour in to the game your pretty much free to do whatever you like, go die to a high level monster or try to sneak past them to get to that powerful loot!I recommend this to everyone who enjoy old school dungeon crawlers!"
,Recommended,238750,9381749,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Zorro,Might and Magic X has a lot of the charm of older RPGs but a lot less ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Be warned it's pretty buggy though.
76561198010110667,Recommended,238750,11228478,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Scare Ball,"If you play this, for the love of♥♥♥♥♥♥please design your own party.I knew the default group would suck plentiful rods, so I played it (on Hard) to handicap myself, and holy hell did I overestimate them. They are the most incompetent buffoons I've ever been dealt. They feel as if their stats/skills were distributed by your little brother/nephew/etc who doesn't know♥♥♥♥♥♥about RPGs, and chooses what he thinks is cool.Characters inexplicably waste the majority of their points specializing in multiple weapons, sacrificing valuable defensive abilities, including such obvious things as armour mastery. It is indeed proving to be a challenge when these ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s are getting one-shot by every mob we encounter.Its a good game though, if you like this genre. I haven't beaten it yet, but if I ever manage to drag these hopeless clowns through Hard mode, I'll probably just retire from gaming, as nothing could top that feat."
,Recommended,238750,10115904,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Stolko,"Every computer I played this game on ♥♥♥♥ed up my computer. But dammit I'm alright with that. This is a good game. Good graphics, good maps, good environments, good voice acting, it's just good.Is it great per se? No, not really, but it's still a good game. For 30 dollars you could do way worse, but maybe just slightly better.I had fun with this game, and my tech problems from before were from unrelated reasons from this game, it was just a coincidence... I hope."
76561198036923787,Not Recommended,238750,10719591,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,OldFart,"Another UBISOFT Mess. Game on the PC takes me to a no-win scenario in the first act where I can't beat the hard monsters and can't cross the guarded bridge or take ship. You are just stuck with nothing to successfully fight and can't advance characters or go anywhere. What a flop.On my MAC PRO, the game goes crash, crash, crash and is unplayable. How can STEAM support such garbage.The best thing for UBISOFT is bankruptcy.UBISOFT is the most anti-user company on the planet. You can't reach a human being to get help. They must really hate their Customers. They also must completely lack any form of Quality Control, and certainly do not test or try to use their own products."
76561198001784686,Not Recommended,238750,11004935,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Beaghan,"read the forums before you buy it not the ratings here. Many many bugs, much is unbalanced, not open world, Ubisoft announced that they would do no more with this game, no more DLC's, no major fixing, etc. it's all in the forums, I wish that I read them prior. I was playing the game and enjoyed the first few hours, then started hitting some bugs and tried to look something up on the forums and I learned much more. waste of money with no future."
76561198043325197,Not Recommended,238750,8841942,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,cyrocc,"Desapontado!!! Não pelo jogo mas pelo tal do U-PLAY que a steam instala junto que é um serviço de nuvem da Ubisoft, ou seja, você tem que criar usuário e senha na Ubisoft pra jogar, qual o motive de ter o serviço de nuvem da steam se tenho que me cadastrar em outro sistema? Já pedi o cancelamento da compra.Disapointed!!! Not for the game but for U-PLAY that steam install with the game that is a cloud service from Ubisoft, this obligates you to create an account and password on Ubisoft, what is the reason to use steam game cloud service to install another game cloud service. Already ask to cancel my purchase."
76561198120389476,Recommended,238750,8816292,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,eddie0065,"Played through the early access, can't wait to relive old school RPG and this is the title to do it with!"
76561198025001345,Recommended,238750,8811206,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Novacat,"A Classic genre made modern, love it."
76561198003297068,Recommended,238750,18134668,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,szabovlatko,amazing game :)
76561198023220317,Not Recommended,238750,26228071,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,satori.so,"It have to be fun. It adopted grid-based movements, turn based combats, skills, races, and nearly everything from glorious MM6. However, managers performed a dull work in a hope nostalgic players would buy anything claimed to be MM6 successor. Open world degenerated to set of tunnels drawn on the world map. Turn-based combats become face-to-face punch exchanges. Archers are of no use now and fight basically degenerated to ""find a nice corner and wait them come to you"".A bunch of bugs are here, too. For example at some point in the game flying monsters starts to ... fly in the air while they were unable to do it through the whole game. More on this, as far as your party is unable to fly, you are literally dead as bug happens. The monster are far away staying on the tiny air 4 blocks away from you. 4 blocks means you have no way to kill it.Quests are a pale shadow of the former glory. Some places are closed at the beginning of the game just because. You are not prepared or whatever.Good night young ignoramus, you are not welcome here."
,Recommended,238750,2218228,"Posted: 19 August, 2013",all,Silvalinionisis,"IT'S MIGHT AND MAGIC ♥♥♥♥♥EEEEESS!Post-completion review:Ok so, I've been playing Might and Magic games since 1997 and finished every campaign for any and all games with M&M title that came out since then. I've completed M&M6 about 10 times and rest of the games in the series at least 3 times each.Keeping that in mind, I didn't hesitate to buy a game from the franchise, which was though to be dead, and frankly is not appealing to the younger generation of players. It is a great gamble to publish a game like this and I thank Limbic and Ubisoft (which I actually don't like very much).However, accepting the reality of this game's probability of success for modern player base and the monetary resources devoted to the game are no doubt limited, the game feels very ""incomplete"" in every way.As much as i can see on the internet, people ♥♥♥♥♥ about the grid based/turn based mechanics of the game. My personal problem however is not about it's mechanics but about it's setup. Game is considerably short (finished in 45 hours or so. In M&M 6 you can't even clear 3 cities and related regions/quests in that time) and game world is extremely small. Entirety of M&M X sums up to 2-3 regions in M&M 6, 7 or 8. Considering that M&M 6 had 12 regions and MASSIVE dungeons, M&M X is a huge disappointment in that regard.My second problem with the game is the linearity story. M&M games always had that freedom feeling (not like the sandbox games like TES series of course) which allowed the player to go to Dragonsand at level 1 and instantly♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by 200 dragons in range.The story itself in previous games also had a classic purpose of gathering up different factions against a common enemy, then going in solo to crash it. M&M X lacks this quest line too, as we are getting railroaded into a single minded purpose. In M&M 7 the light vs dark choice had a game changing effect, and less so in 8. M&M X doesn't have this story feature as it lacks any type of choice over the story.There are also issues with the game mechanics themselves. The class promotions are almost useless to get (which were CRITICAL to have in previous games), and the lack of honorary promotion quests breaks some of the dungeons (like if you don't have a paladin in your party, you can't complete the quest about shantiri disc). Skills are restructured and the removal of most miscelenaous skills (like lockpick, merchant, armsmaster, disarm, repair, identify item, etc.) makes the game more combat oriented than before.On the positive side of things, the setting of the game was done quite well with the ""new"" world of Ashan. After the failure of M&M 9 and it's poorly thought setting, M&M X used the story began with Heroes 6 quite well. Race specific classes were also a great idea and made the game replayable (for me at least)My evaluation of the game in general comes down to these:- Very short story- VERY small game world- Too linear storyline and the lack of choice- Bugs (less than I expected actually)- Poor game engine performance+ Franchise connected backstory+ Large number of classes for replayability+ 4 player party system and turn based combat+ BEING A MIGHT AND MAGIC GAME7/10PS: If the game gets a few DLCs to make it longer (like twice longer or something) and add regions like a city from Irollan, a single location from Seven Cities and a city from neighbouring Unicorn Duchy my rating would go up to 7,5-8/10"
76561198007491468,Recommended,238750,9646036,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,krisalis,"Perfect game, old school..."
76561197998923299,Recommended,238750,8599956,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,gbrunsvold,Warms my heart to have a major studio cater to my youth of too many hours playing video games.  Excellent turn based combat and lots of expansive quests for an early access game.
76561198030089802,Recommended,238750,8835048,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Lightress,"I Love, love , love did i say love?This game game to the 10th power.They really out did there selfs.The graphics are off the chain.Give yourself a round of applause."
76561197976308753,Recommended,238750,8835874,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Flyingflea,"After some installing issues and finishing the game, I can give a proper review.Initially I had problems running the game after install; which I fixed by forcing Administrator Rights in Windows.  Before this, the game would crash with an error report every single time.  This took several hours of trial-and-error, during which I was not very happy.Having not played any of the other series before this one, I can say that the combat style is turned based, similar to say... Final Fantasy 7 turned-based.  Navigation through the world is tile-based, which I didn't like or dislike; since the graphic scenery was consistently believable enough.  There are some load time issues while traversing the world and I was getting bad frame rates in some areas.  The graphics are mostly above-average but occasionally there are some very poorly textured objects.I did not find any game-ending bugs but there were some plot-line bugs and companion NPC's  working incorrectly like the Negotiator NPC not giving the proper discount for goods.Plot-wise & quest-wise, the game held my attention enough for me to complete it from start to end.  I took my time finishing the game and even restarted several times to test out new class combinations.  It honestly took me about a week to finish but- as I said- I was learning the game and restarting several times.  There is a hard starting condition where your party has practically nothing and needs everything to survive- new equipment, new spells, new general knowledge to learn about the surrounding area, and a tide of quests to complete.  This is the funnest part of the game for me, due to the difficulty.  About mid-game it becomes apparent that your characters have every inventory slot filled (some with uber-powerful relics), necessary spells purchased & learned, with skill trees grand-mastered--- and while I would have liked the enemies, especially the bosses, to scale they did not.  A lot of the boss fights towards end game were simply the same exact spell casting order that I used to kill the lesser enemies on the plains.  This is when the difficulty practically tapers off.  Towards the end-game I distinctly remember several boss battles where I stayed at range and casted the same 2 ranged spells by my mages; meanwhile the boss couldn't even out-damage the base-line regen spell cast at the start of battle.  The boss inevitably dies to simple attrition and I get an uber relic.  Battles like this are stress-free and the most relaxing battles ever fought, but the fun-factor suffers greatly.After finishing the game I think the final score lies somewhere between around 80/100.  Due to bugs I might drop that score down a bit since there are a lot of bugs that need to be addressed.  Then again, the asking price is what makes the game worthwhile at a little over $20 so regardless a score of 80 feels justified.  It is a thumbs-up."
,Not Recommended,238750,8836140,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Ruazihtlab,"Don't buy, the game is buggy and the engine is outdated, the way the game was made caters to only one play style. The game feels rushed and incomplete as if it was still in beta, the game seems to offer no replay value due to the narrow minded design and after 6 hours of playing this i'm finding the more i play the more it feels like a bad 10 year old game with a HD make over."
,Recommended,238750,8844470,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,StarShards,too much malware from Ubisoft.
76561197967465613,Recommended,238750,8846621,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Willkey,"Very hardcore oldschool game. Prepare for frustration on difficulty. Still awesome game, just really oldschool."
,Recommended,238750,8832406,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Passatuner,"Classic RPG Feeling. Love it.If you're out to something like Skyrim this isn't for you. But if like oldskool games like Dungeon Master, Legend of Grimrock etc. this could be for you."
,Recommended,238750,8023918,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Arynis,"I have always been a M&M loyal friend.  Even though I considered IX one of the worst of the main series, once I saw X:Legacy, I jumped on it like a kid on cake.  When I found out they went back to the original mechanics of grid-based movement, I was intrigued.  I grew up with I-V, and although I really enjoyed VI-VIII, there's something special about keeping true to the game that started it all.Now that I've covered my background story, here's my main review points for X:Legacy.First, it's raw... as in ""Early Access Beta  Test"" raw.  I discovered early on that if a conversation with an NPC is a bit long in narration, it's cut off early.  I really wanted to hear more of what the Guard Captain of Sorpigal-by-the-Sea after his Quest was completed.Second, when I toured the city and found the ""Training Grounds""... I expected that to be the place I would level my characters.  This has been the case for 9 games, but when I found out I can level... for FREE... on the SPOT!  I was shocked...   I really don't know if that's a good or bad thing.Third, I don't know if I am missing something, but there are certain things that seem lacking right off the bat.  The ability to ID or Repair via Skill or Spell was something I found necessary.  Yes, I do remember having to rely on a shopkeeper early on.  However, in the past, there was ONE shop. It did everything.  X:Legacy seems to bring together the worst of VI and the worst of I-V by having THREE different shops, each with their own repair and only one with the ability to ID my loot.  You mean to tell me that a Armorsmith can't ID ""Armor""?  I also remember there were Robbers/Theives who ID'd traps/treasures/etc. and Sorcerers who could manage the same via spells.  Having to walk 500 blocks just for an ID isn't friendly.  Yes, this was probably my harshest of the criticisms... but as I stated before, this game is 'raw'.Next, Character Manual Creation... I liked its implementation in VI, but this new skill tree led to some ... odd circumstances.  I wound up with a 'Healer' without the ability to fight... even with his/her fists.  There used to be a standard set of things that came with a character.  Light armor/Small Weapons... A sling! of all things.  But to be completely unarmed and unable to fight except through spells? Unheard of, at least as far back as I can remember.  To top it off, for early weapons, I was not pleased to see that a simple staff REQUIRED EXPERT skill.  Since when?  No weapon in all of Cron or Terra or wherever required a minimum skill...  Class/Alignment restricted sure, but not skill.  Skills improved the basic ability of a weapon, that's how it should be.  This is my other harsh criticism thus far.Finally, everything else.  Graphically, it's ok... M&M has never been known to have particularly 'state of the art' scenery.  But what it lacked visually, it made up for in huge worlds labyrinthine worlds.  Now here's X:Legacy!  Nine sequels since the original. I'm going to use Sorpigal-by-the-Sea as my example.  It's not even a tenth of what Middlegate was (MM2) It's barely the size of Sorpigal (MM6). And it's grid based with borders that load a whole other area.  I'd almost expect the place to be Crap-My-Pants BEAUTIFUL!  Especially with the very minimal interactions with the enviroment, minimal movement options, and extraneous people/obstacles that are only there for visual goodies and serve NO purpose but to be in my way.  I haven't made it far into the so-called ""Open World"" but so far, it's a bit lackluster for what I'm able to see in such limited space.  Take a look at even older games as EQII or WoW or even new games like FFXIV.  Those worlds were free-roam with powerful imagery.  I'm in a grid-based static world and the imagery is just above mediocre.The Combat system is ok... a bit clunky feeling but for a turn-based set up, it's ok.  Again, graphically, it lacks quite a bit, in my opinion.  Ambushes are fun, that's for sure.  Do like them ambushes. LOL.  The auto-loot mechanic is ok.  Too subtle for my opinion though.  I miss the searching and the booby traps (MM1-2) or just the searching (MM 1-9).Sadly, I haven't fully explored the game so far... and finally earned enough gold to buy some new spells... that find traps and hidden areas.  I'm hoping those are useful.  However, since I haven't found a way to respawn monsters yet... there's a bit of a limitation in gold and thus... food/rest/mana potion options.Overall, I'd rate the game RAW out of 10!   I'll come back when the Full Game is launched and patched a few times and give an honest score. :)"
76561198013310679,Recommended,238750,9176349,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,neo.corricon,Engrossing old school RPG!
,Recommended,238750,9183866,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Reverend Fritz,"I cannot give this enough of a thumbs up after all the crap that has been spewed in the name of Might and Magic since the close of the 90's.  If you're a fan of the series you will love what they brought back, and the inside jokes from past games.  If you're not a fan, I suggest you look for something more modern.  This is a turn based RPG.  Time moves as you do.  Certain classes can only use certain things.  This is not like skyrim where you can have mastered every form of magic and go running around in platemale that you have grandmastered and made yourself at home with your kids watching.  You can't have everything and there are restraints.  Believe it or not challenges can be fun in a game.  I have yet to experience a bug in the game, though I have not finished it yet so time will tell, and when it does I will post on here."
76561198043814414,Recommended,238750,9186183,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Jamie saint,slow to start but a good grid based game once you get into it
76561198032496089,Recommended,238750,9188080,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,mboazzo,This game is bunk. Poor story and lame implementation. Gamers who hope for a revival of the good old days og Might and Magic need to hold out. This is NOT it. Where are you NEW WORLD COMPUTING?
,Recommended,238750,9196998,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Shinuz,"You like old school grid base movements with turn base battles? then step right up!It might not be as big as the earlier might and magic but its a really great game that took me a good 60hrs to do everything, and its cheap as well!!"
76561197995703332,Recommended,238750,9197191,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,mglafcke,"Truly a good old RPG feel to the game- I played M&M World of Xeen as a young one and this title did not let me down. It was difficult enough and does not hold your hand through leveling or skill choices- some might say this breaks it, but for me it brought back moments of old school RPG goodness."
76561198021517643,Recommended,238750,9209107,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Rachenickoto,"Good graphics, good old school feeling from mm4-5 with a very good long gameplay (40h+)"
76561197982782989,Recommended,238750,9679069,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Nitehawk,"I bought this game on a Steam sale and thourghly enjoyed it.  The hardest part for me was deciding on my party because I wanted one of each class.   The developers did an awesome job on the graphices and animation for this game.  YOu will spend alot of time trying to figure out the best way to build your characters.  Finding relics was very rewarding too.   Keep in mind that some places are harder and you will have to come back later to do it.  My only complaint is the map is not scrollable, so maybe in the next one they will fix that.  I grew up with games like Might & Magic and Eye of the Beholder.  This game is like them but much better looking."
76561198126437443,Recommended,238750,9187268,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Dixiedevi1,"At first I was dissapointed but after a couple hours of playing, I cant tear myself away. Definatly an old school style PC RPG. Reminds me of Wizardry and the earlier Might and Magic games. OK, enough of this typing crap. I've got beasts to slay and a kingdom to save."
,Not Recommended,238750,9671939,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Neogenex,"The game is great, very enjoyable... when you can actually play it without having to restart your PC each and every time. Probably has to do with UPlay Im sure. I can not stand UPlay. Worse thing ever. No idea what the hell the devs were thinking using it to launch this game. Once you ""close"" out of the game and go do something elsse (another game or whatever) and try to come back and open it, it says it is already open and you can not just use control, alt, and delete and find the game... its not there. The only way to fix it is to fully reboot your whole PC. F**k UPlay. Ruins every game that uses it. If you can deal with this issue, then by all means, the game is well worth it. Otherrwise, steer clear of this one."
76561198018526864,Recommended,238750,8951012,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,btomp42,"horrible game, a total waste of money"
,Recommended,238750,8813660,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Mwng,"Not sure why this was early access? I think it was more like early payments! Early access from the begining, still waiting for something new to happen, oh wait there was that one patch were they fixed some minor bugs.  If you want to fund your development bank then try adding content first, people will deal with bugs . But lack of content and it soon wears thin.  And now its released so what was the point? Seems a lot of people are using this technique now to get core fans to buy a game before its even released. It's like big con really! No more early access for me... X"
76561197992292401,Recommended,238750,16543894,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,madoc,"10/10 One of the best games of 2014. MMX is a low budget game made by a single developer working out of the bathroom at Ubisoft between other projects. If this doesn't get a high budget sequel it would be a travesty. A throw back to the classic turn based games of old,"
76561197982494901,Recommended,238750,30570392,Posted: 17 March,all,sundog1,"I love this game....people hating it for bugs and graphics aren't gamers they are the blight on gaming, the dreaded *techy* all those people care about is buzz phrases like 4k and the latest Tesselation nerdgasm graphics. Its not very well optimized and a bit laggy but i don't care lol...the game is fun. Awesome old school strategic RPG thoroughly enjoyed it and the DLC. Admittedly it is flawed but anyone can see its only because they ran out of time or money and alot of assets from Dark Messiah had to be added, the models that they did make are awesome though...the art is absolutely grade A fantastic and the story is classic M&M. I hope they made some money off this and do a sequel a bit more polished."
,Recommended,238750,19922751,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Alpha-Bravo,"Ok, first i made a mistake and bought it thinking it would run on Linux becouse of the Steamplay tag, my mistake. But, it runs great on PlayonLinux Wine. So no problems there. I started the game and run smooth, loved tha intro and started playing and story grabbed me. Loved it, hope to get many hours out of it."
76561198061741602,Recommended,238750,20023927,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,unterbraten11,"It definitely has its flaws, but having played Might and Magic 6, 7, and 8 more times than I can count, it brought back some good memories.  If they opened up the character movement so that it wasn't grid based, it would be better.  I would buy it again without regrets and hope they make MM11"
76561198001691971,Recommended,238750,18542785,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Luscian,"People seem to only be giving this game negative reviews because they don't like U-Play. Cool guys. I'm glad you're standing up against U-Play. Me? I don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥ This game is a great throwback to the games of my childhood and I don't mind using U-play to play it. Pretty fun. Few bugs, but overally pretty polished game. Worth it, imho."
76561198002526111,Recommended,238750,19806653,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Horrorscope CC97,"Really enjoyed this game. Of all the Square Based games we've rec'd in the past two years, this one has overall the best tactical combat. It also is one with the full RPG experiance, land, dungeon, trading and story, most are just ""escape"". The only negative is this was a UBI project so the developers weren't able to open up and support us better being under a corporate umbrella. This games competition is all indy and you get much better response from those. Go figure, right? The little guy out strips support of a corporation with a dedicated support team. LOL. You can mod this game and I did some to make the tactics even that much better for me. In the end really enjoyed this one."
76561198086954864,Recommended,238750,24747048,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Solraze,Dealing with Uplay loggin on top of steam is terrible.  Steam should fix this or warn users regarding the shoddy integration of the two login systems.
,Not Recommended,238750,24736618,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,lady_rosali,"First of all, this game needs Uplay. It's a huge minus for me from the start, because Uplay always updating, lagging, losing connection... Such a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥Second, I hoped that M&M X will be something like M&M 6-8. I think, they were the best parts of franchise. But it's a cell-divided RPG from 90th like M&M 1-5, only with kinda modern graphics and much more simpler story.I'm cursing a day when Ubisoft bought M&M and HoM&M franchise, because I don't like their way of development and their ""100% fantasy"" thing.Old games had a nice Sci-fi accent and were unique, new games just another Warcraft-like strategies and RPG."
76561198066293072,Recommended,238750,24721698,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Baal,"amazing, for 7 bucks ^^"
,Recommended,238750,24708866,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Nashiq,"MM6 was my favorite game from years back.  This brought back a lot of memories.  If you're a fan of the genre you should pick it up, but only after grabbing both Grimrocks.  A little bit of the MM soul was lost in the company transition, but it's mostly there.  Worth it on sale."
76561197993330552,Not Recommended,238750,25059302,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Tulvain,"I started to enjoy this game as it reminded me of playing M&M3, Xeen, etc.  Unfortunately, I have to alternative between two different PCs in order to play this.  The game crashes entering any outside environment playing on an AMD laptop and randomily crashes on another PC using an Nvidia graphics card.According the game logs, a memory leak causes some of the issue.  The game looks to be unsupported now so no chance of a fix."
,Recommended,238750,28269106,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,trojanwarlord,"I liked it, although this isn't quite as versatile or immersive as MMVI-IX. The character classes are fun, nice designs... and the graphics are ok. I find this game shares greater similarity to Legend of Grimrock than the Might and Magic series, although it would be considered a superior version of LoG. If you enjoyed Legends of Grimrock, than you will most probably like this game. Do I recommend this game? Yea, its a good combat tactics game with a few puzzles added in. Did I play it to the end? Yes."
76561197995946168,Recommended,238750,27920478,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,CyberDemonEmpress,"Oh it's an outstanding might and magic game, very much on par with 6 in my opinion. The one thing I can't get past though is; No respawning mobs...  It's a very long game yes, and if you keep moving  forward you may not even notice or mind it. But I don't know it borthers me for some reason as I like things to respawn... And not just for grinding... But besides that it's tons of fun."
76561197972151823,Recommended,238750,8863215,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Balinor,"Old school fun.  Now if only Legend of Grimrock would switch to turn based combat.Do remember that this game is linked to Uplay so that can cause some issues unfortunately, but even so if you can overlook that then the game is very much worth the money."
,Not Recommended,238750,8844431,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Bogus,"No. ♥♥♥♥ NO!. fun for like until u understand how depressingly bad everything is, there is good things about it but would i play this for longer than hr?.. i guess i did. but that was because i paid good money for it then tried to justify my purchase with maybe it gets better.. well it doesnt. i just wish i waited till it was like 50cents or sumfin. then again F♥♥♥♥ IT just skip this♥♥♥♥♥♥ my first might and magic game and prolly my last. im just so lost i need a game. im truely swimming through ♥♥♥♥♥♥ games now. I knew i wasnt gonna like it when i was hovering over the purchase button ♥♥♥♥ i shoulda got banner saga or sumfin it was this or black guards i played the demo blackguards was meh so i thought maybe try my luck this since had no demo and all i can say is i lost, fair and square. steam doesn't refund."
,Recommended,238750,8504314,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Naji Hokon,"EDIT:I am pleased with how the game has turned out now upon release. I can now move between locations and the full features are quite a bit of fun. The game at this point is still a little rough around the edges (a character portrait disappeared for a little bit upon entering the first dungeon, walls will sometimes dissapear for a second and show you the outside world, and I had one crash) but it is still quite playable and fun.If you are a fan of tile based old-school RPGs get this one. It will bring back the memories and I am sure with future patches it will only get better.Old Entry:I want this to be successful. I want to like it. I can't right now. I have 5 crash reports that the devs say to send them but then give you no where to send them to. I get no answer from them on the forums and nothing but frustration anywhere else. This has the makings of a great retro-style game, but falls short on the part of working with Alpha players to get things right. I can't play past the first town. Wait until this is finished to buy."
76561197970571810,Recommended,238750,8718869,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,ExHippy,"The voice acting in this game can be a bit irritating sometimes and the graphics could definately use some work but if you give it a chance there is a real gem hidden in behind the slighty crusty exterior. Two levels of difficulty alow you to pick from a bit of a challenge (Adventurer Mode) to totally unfair (Warrior Mode). I wouldn't say that it has the greatest replay value, the story is linear and fairly basic, but it holds your attention well enough to keep you going as your party wipes for the hundreth time. Going on 100 hours worth of gameplay if you do everything and definately worth playing if you can live with the random difficulty curve."
76561197972431515,Not Recommended,238750,22230777,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,This Is Fine,"I write this review as someone who grew up playing and obsessing over the classic Might and Magic series. I love grid based games, in particular Etrian Odessey.I would recommend this game, but $25 for this is a joke. And, as someone who enjoys difficulty in their RPG's, I'll say this - if you pick this game up on sale, play it on easy mode.I enjoyed MM6 - 8 the most, because I like to explore. If you play on the high difficulty, you will enjoy the mechanics and the challenge, but you will feel stifled because only one route is possible. For example, it might appear that you can explore the wilderness OR a dungeon, but in reality the level scaling is done so tightly that only one linear path through the dungeon is feasible. Literally, I got to a point where it was OK to walk through the main path of a dungeon, but if I opened a side door my odds of survival were 1 in 4. Very upsetting. Or, at another point I found two new wilderness lands to explore. I explored one, and got blown out by enemies moderately far above my level. I explored another, and got completely destroyed by an encounter so far above my level it was staggering. It turned out that the ""solution"" was to sneak through the latter and find a tiny path into a dungeon so I could level up. As an avid explorer, this was very disappointing.At the same time, if you are thirsty for M&M style mechanics, this can scratch your itch. Mechancically, this game represents a big step up from the classics of yore in a lot of ways. Increased party interactions and challenging bosses make intelligent party building more important than ever. For example, you can do more complex things like have your tank stun lock a dangerous foe just long enough for your wizard to take it out.  Back in the day, I used to keep a heavy melee focus on my parties. In MM7, this paid off tremendously late game, in ridiculous Monk beatdowns that could make minotaurs weep. In THIS game, I was thrilled to see such simplistic tactics punished early and thoroughly.So, I could not agree more with the mixed overall rating this game is receiving. Mechanically, this game is a big step in the right direction. Unfortunately, the game fails to strike that balance between difficulty and freedom which I feel is the true hallmark of the Might and Magic franchise. If you are considering buying this game, have a good think about what is attracting you to it. If you're an old school series fan like myself, beware. If you're a mechanically focused Etrian Odyssey type player, you'll probably find much more to enjoy."
,Not Recommended,238750,23159163,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Callahan,Ubisoft Mafia Games Cooperation. I recommend that you change your compnay name to that. LG-
,Not Recommended,238750,23150590,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Guntario,"I don't think this game was very well though out. I figured this out after clearing out an area and wandering around for a bit expecting enemies to respawn. Well, they don't. This means that you can't mess around with your characters. You have to follow a totally pre-prescribed character base, or you'll suck. I found that this means that you just need to max your characters' hit points and you can get around fine. I'm just not feeling this game after playing it for a while. I HATE games that don't have respawn rates. Make it an adventure game, not an RPG. How am I supposed to explore character development? Obviously, it's not going to happen. I'd need to look up the exact proper builds on the Internet in order to get through the game. There are plenty of other games out there that I can play, and I don't recommend this one simply on the structured nature of this game. It may not be ""linear"", but it's abosolutely structured."
76561198004577398,Not Recommended,238750,8849087,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Phantom,"Why I don't recommend it...Purchased this yesterday, full version.Complete act 1...Wander around like a chicken with my head chopped off, revisiting all the NPC's re-checking all the areas.Can't enter act 2... After a couple hours of blinding fumbling in the dark, I go look on the forums.  Oh looksee the game has a bug that affects pretty much everyone preventing you from getting into act 2.And why might you ask is a bug enough of a reason to rate a game 1/10?Well its simple...  THEY PROGRAMMED THE BUG INTO THE GAME.  It was an intentionally put in block during the beta stage of the game, they did this intentionally and failed to remove the block for the full version...Just pathetic... utterly pathetic."
,Recommended,238750,12703222,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Vampster,"Being an old school Might and Magic fan, I didn't know what to expect out of this game. I played through and got to the end but it took a while. Save and save often. Your party make-up in the beginning makes a BIG difference in your survivability rate. Don't make any archers, bring someone that can take a lot of dmg, bring someone that can deal lots of dmg, make sure you have a good healer and have someone that can cast pretty much all the spells. You might have to try out a few combinations before you figure out what's best. If you like the Might and Magic series, you will dig this game. The only gripe is the class customization. I was hoping for a bit more than what was offered. Pretty much have to take it or leave it kinda classes. Make a good combination of classes and you can't go wrong. This game kinda reminds me of playing the older ones with the turn-based movement. The game looks great, but be prepared for a bit of a challenge until you get some levels."
76561198048628640,Recommended,238750,18254139,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Lelouch,"I will never understand why this game has so many negative reviews.Does this game require Uplay to boot up in the background?  Yes.Does it interfere with gameplay or is it clunky?  No, at least not for me.  It boots in the background and sits there quietly.Does this game play like most other of the newer Might and Magic games?  No, from what I've read.However, this game, specifically this game is the game I have been looking for, for YEARS.  This game plays like Grimrock 1/2, if you've ever played those.  It's a 100% turn-based, dungeon-crawling RPG, and I think it's brilliant.  It has an open world, tons of loot and quests to do, and pretty decent graphics (I have them maxed with a gtx 760 2GB DDR5 RAM, and then 8 GB normal RAM.I love this game a lot.  I've already put 10ish hours into it, and I feel like there's a lot more coming, and I've only finished the first Act of the game.I got this on sale with the DLC for $7.50, I would have easily paid $20+ if I'd known I was going to enjoy it this much.  If you've never played a game like this, and you have the money, it doesn't hurt to give it a shot.If you like turn-based party RPGs, this is your gig man, get in here and have some fun.  8/10"
76561197981758683,Recommended,238750,8827729,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Space_KAdet,"Original review.Game is unplayable for anyone on BT infinity and both companies are just blaming each other instead of sorting the problem out, also DO NOT BUY DELUXE verison, you don't get any extra content, no free game, no extra dungeon, no soundtrack. This issue has been reported by several people and steam are doing nothing to resolve it - not even acknowledging that the problem exists. avoid this game.New revised opinion.Once Uplay managed to sort out the mess with the CD key and access to their servers, I managed to put some time into the game.  Overall, I'm enjoying the experience, it's a fun game and anyone who enjoys turn based RPGs will love it.  There are some really great encounters to be had, I really enjoyed the boss fights - seemingly impossible encounters become doable once you put some thought into how you will approach the fight - I like that in a game. I really hope they will release more content as this game has a lot of promise.  It needs polishing - some of the quests don't quite work in their timing, because of the way many areas are locked out until you reach certain goals you receive some quests that can't be resolved until much later in the game and annoyingly you also solve some quests earlier than you receive them (so you end up getting the quest and completing the quest in at the same time) - minor points reallyu, but I hope the devs look into it to create a more polished overall game.One more thing - the ""Deluxe"" version still seems like a bit of a scam, the ""unique"" content hasn't been developed yet, so you don't really get much for your extra money."
76561198001026200,Not Recommended,238750,8828531,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Nodor,"The first major problem with this game is the U-Play requirement.  Always on DRM for the sake of DRM in addition to Steam's DRM is excessive.  Given the issues Ubisoft has had with U-Play's functionality creating points of vulnerability for Ubisofts's servers or any of thier customer's PC's, installing U-Play is the ""this is secure"" equivalent of downloading game DRM cracks off of random internet websites.The second major issue with this game is the complete lack of random monsters, at least in the first several hours of play.  This puts what initially looks like an open world game on rails.   The is a major issue because of the XP and leveling system.  Your heroes need to hit certain benchmarks by certain points in the game  or you will be unable to progress beyind those points.  Having a hero dead or unconcious at the end of a battle means they do not get XP and you have to reload as you do not have an opportunity to recover that lost experience.The second major issue can be overcome with multiple playthroughs to perfect your strategies, but with the inevitable issues and crashes that U-Play will cause, this game isn't worth the extra effort necessary to deal with the DRM."
76561197980333161,Not Recommended,238750,8888963,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Brother PaciFist,"Hello,here is my review of Might & Magic X - Legacy:first off there is no free modding kit like advertised in the shop. To use the mod kit you have to download UnityPro, after 30 days unityPro costs 1500$ once or 75$ per month to use. 32 bit users are getting screwed because they have no sound effects and are reduced to middle grafic settings. So false advertising at work in the shop.It uses Ubisoft launcher as second layer of drm, isnt it fun? Problems with your internet connection? Bad luck you will not be able to play it.The technical aspect of the game is horrible. On 32 bit system the game is incomplete, you get only middle textures, no party sounds, no monster sounds and other features are missing. The overall performance is bad. On 64 bit you get hight textures, animations and all but it does not look too good at all. That would be tolerable, roleplaying games are mostly about gameplay and not super grafic quality. But the performance is supbar compared to the grafic quality delivered. It runs really choppy and many systems. Even on the latest 780 gforce power rigs it does not run smooth so that is that. Performancewise it is a catastrophe.Gameplay: 12 classes Defender, Bladedancer, Ranger, Mecenary , Freemage, Shaman, Druid, Runepriest, Barbarian, Scout, Crusader. Unfortunately ranged classes like the ranger and scout are useless farther into the game. You have very little opportunity to fight monsters at range, in melee they do next to no damage, because the main ranged stat perception does not improve the damageoutput of melee much.The Ranger gets a point blank shot, this does not really help to improve his damage output. Magic classes are strong until the monsters get rediculous high resistance against their magic school. Most monster are resistent against a magic school or general resistent against all magic, so tough luck if your chosen magic school like fire or wind does nothing against that special pack of monsters or the boss. Magic user tend to burn your mana potion resources like mana addicts.Defender, Bladedance and Crusader perform very good, the blade dancer with daggers buffed up by crusader spells is the best damage dealer in the game by a wide margin. He is so op that it brakes the whole class system. You will struggle without a bladedancer or barbarian as damage dealer in your party.The whole class system is borked and unbalancedThe combat relies very much on luck and potion chucking, It does not feel very might and magic like in the later stages of the game. With a suboptimal(no bladedancer or two)  party you get one tough as nails fight after the other, in m&m series the game would throw many easy monsters at you to test your resource managementskills and use of aid spells, but not one hard battle after the other. The pacing is frustrating and not fun even on the easier adventurer mode. The encounterdesign is not good, it is one overly hard battle after the other, even for trash monsters. There is no respawn, the monster count is too low to succed by grinding. M&m x is the only rpg i know where i can't win through overleveling, so for me it is no rpg at all. Leveling your character through grinding, getting better equipment, farming gold, leveling skills is what makes a good rpg for me.the skill system is more might and magic like. It is very rudimental and easy. You have 4 skillpoints per level to invest in your skills, after 7 15 20 skillpoints you can upgrade to a new skilltier, expert, master, grandmaster, you will get boni for each upgrade. Some skills are more powerfull then others. So magic skills get 5% 10% 15% spell penetration and more resistance against that magic school while the infamous dagger skill gets expert 1 extra attack and plus hitrate, and on grand master 2 extra attacks and plus hitrate. Combined with dual whield skill you can get a staggering amount of 6 attacks per round, your bladedancer becomes a weapon of mass destruction. Compared to this all other skills and magic school are just a joke in terms of damageoutput. You will need some skills/spells to progress like protection against status ailments, healing spells but for raw damage dagger and dual whield is greater then none.Per levelup you get 4 attribute points you can allocate where you wish. For a seasoned rpg player it should be easy to get a deasant build. Melee 2 strength 1 perc, 1 vit, magic 1 magic, 1 vit 2 spirit in the beginning and 2 magic 1 vit 1 spirit later when you have enough manapoints (never).I think the game release was rushed, the gameplay is boring and frustrating, the encounters are onesided against the player to the extreme, you cannot grind in a rpg!, the performance is bad even for the grafics and on excellent gaming rigs, the skills, classes, monster encounters are not balanced at all. I do not recommend this game.Have a nice day"
76561197974648186,Recommended,238750,9663421,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,hindrek,Worthy successor to the series that every MM fan should play! 9/10Be warned the game comes with malware known as Uplay. Its Ubisofts online feature  that impairs the game greatly since it often crashes/updates/advertizes and lags to boot.In the end i didnt want to boot the game i love because of the Uplay loader i hate.
76561197969862761,Not Recommended,238750,34893707,Posted: 11 September,all,BusterH,This game is broken.  Cannot proceed past Act 1 and no help from Steam or ubisoft.Read the discussions carefully before you buy.
,Recommended,238750,8928937,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,KROMBIES,It's honestly been everything I wanted it to be
76561198019341916,Recommended,238750,13102798,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,bsafreak,"M & M X is a game that for fans of the previous titles is a must play. Its graphics are pretty decent and the gameplay is pretty well balanced and at times challenging. Though I've clocked up a decent number of hours playing this game, its relatively forced progression makes for less enjoyment than I'd anticipated from a modern release. The tile based crawl is a bit of a let down after the wacky freedom of older titles. Great for a fun flashback. Unfortunately fans of the older titles may feel like it wasn't high on the developers budget priorities... funny that."
,Recommended,238750,12947814,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,distem,"Only thing is you can't grind so I hope you didn't make a dumb mistake on levelling your guys.  At certain points in the game I could not beat the next encounter, and had wiped out all other monsters for levelling, and so I had to...... I had to edit my savegames.Other than that, old school nirvana."
,Recommended,238750,13129834,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Avolition,-2 for Uplay8/10
76561198133025887,Recommended,238750,13074479,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,excanto,This is so much fun! Reminds me of the old days when games had personality.
76561197974493059,Recommended,238750,11962611,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,jgaltx,"If you played and enjoyed the old Might and Magic games this is a great piece of nostalgia-ware with better graphics and an updated interface. I also enjoyed the expanded class and skill system. If you explore all the content it will consume many hours of your time - you definitely get your money's worth. I restarted the early part of the game a few times to change parties, but once I found a group I liked, I played it all the way through and really enjoyed it. Recommended for old school CRPG gamers who like turn-based combat like I do or who liked the original Might and Magic games like I did."
,Not Recommended,238750,12580584,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Hidden Inside,"I wanted to believe in this game. But ubisoft did it again. MM10 is an unplayable garbage, using salvaged models from hom&m6. Now the plot i dont much remember by now which speaks about how deep it was. Shallow, unimaginative, bad.The weather changing was so sudden it was giving me eye pain out of the blue. Combat was boring and bland aswell. No more fun spells like before, we get the boring status effects and a few direct and aoe spells. Great.Developed by a ubisoft one would expect it to be of higher quality but it is not. 4.5/10 for the game as it is if you are just starting. 3 or even 2/10 if you are a M&M fan who hates seeing the franchise you like get this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t treatment. First the abysmal 9. Now almost even worse 10.Do not buy it unless its on sale for like 2-4$"
76561198034372930,Not Recommended,238750,12180918,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,mike_2128,It uses UPlay. So I now can't play the game ever for the rest of my life.
76561198106071550,Not Recommended,238750,29339348,Posted: 18 January,all,Hi4M7,"A horrible smear on the history of dungeon crawlers.I love dungeon crawlers. But M&MXL is so lazily implemented, there isn't a simple moment where you could find any polish. UI's look like they're made for a mobile game, sound is simply everlooping stock effects, map design doesn't support tile-based movement a single bit and graphics look like it's randomly lifted from Google Sketchup Warehouse free models. Oh, and don't get me started on balance.Take the very early lighthouse quest for example. With each building level, difficulty scales up *rather* nicely, so you have to work to clear it. But when you get to the boss, you realize that you're 10 hero levels behind requirements and get splatted like a fly.Same goes for other areas. You can work hard and kill two spectres in front of the crypt, but dare you step inside; the very first mob you encounter will turn your entire party into fine paste. Long story short, what the hell is this?? This isn't balance. This isn't ""hard game"". This is - describing it the best I could using English - crap. Poorly designed, heavily unpolished, insanely stupid crap.This game could have been with very simple design improvements, such as making sure there's trainers for all skills in the ""starting town"", better scalability of skills and stats, more logical difficulty progression for enemies, making secret finding optional instead of mandatory and so on. Nothing of such exists. So look elsewhere. Legend of Grimrock series does all that much, much better.Wouldn't recommend to anyone."
76561198273254344,Recommended,238750,24781543,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,night4,"I really enjoyed this game.  Love the classes, the spells, the old school movement and turn-based combat.  I'm on my 3rd playthough now.t's not without its problems, though.  Ranged combat is usually useless, at least until late game.  There's STILL a bug where you can't get the dialog option to fly to the Elemental Forge.  Classes are unbalanced (Bladedancer > all).But overall, it's great."
76561197972715357,Recommended,238750,8578840,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Dalrock,"I paid for the early release.  The game is very old school but is very incomplete, if it was released in the state it is now, 2 patches, you would not be happy. As I have stated it is ubfinished. For example, the second patch added ability to conpare items and mark map.If you have the money and want to be involved in the development process then try it,however, i can not stress how much the developers need to add. The animations are rudimentary. The sun cycles are not yet right. It is old School. If the Devs add voice and animations to brind it into this decade it will be a hit. I wanted a game like the ones from the 90s but with bells and stuff from 2010. It is far from thatUPDATE AFTER MOST RECENT PATCH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Looks great!the finished game is now out and did mot let me down..The game is complete and with the new patch it is a must buy for those that played the original M&M or ever loved the 4 party square based game.+GREAT OLD SCHOOL FEEL AND CAPTURED THE SPIRIT OF THIS TYPE OF GAMEif u liked this type of game in the past you will love this iteration.However, if you do not like turn based  games and controlling a party on a grid, not like a tactical grid only used in fights, specifically grid moves and fights. You may not like this style of game. Lastly, for 25 dollars it is a steal for the older crowd that played these games as kids. If you want to see what old school really is like with todays grafixs /bells and sound go for it.If you despise turn based role playing dnd type games with clues, lore, and story then this game is not for you."
76561197993342743,Not Recommended,238750,8075709,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,acwhelafam,"Very unimpressive.  I was a huge fan of M&M 4 and 5 (world of xeen) and was looking forward to a retro gaming experience but this game doesn't do it.  The combat is slow and boring and I'm not enjoying building my characters.  More battle dynamics maybe, i'm not sure if this game is salvageable in it's current state."
,Recommended,238750,8432603,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,cassembler,"REVISED (Post-Release)The released version does apply quite a bit of polish to the early version. Better graphics and options, smoother gameplay, etc. I'm addicted to a classic-style RPG.Like others have said, if RPG = Skyrim for you, try before you buy here, only because it can come off as outdated. That said, a ""custom party of four RPG"" is a timeless formula that should be sampled by all fans of the genre.PLEASE open this up to Steam Workshop!!!"
,Recommended,238750,8516968,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Korgh,"I recommend this game for fans of MM 1-5, for those who mostly played\enjoyed the later games the game may still be fun but probably won't quite be what you expected."
76561197975239381,Not Recommended,238750,8825310,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,kylleran,"I pre-purchased since I was a fan of the old school MM games. This game started out rough and only barely improved over the months. While it certainly has a bit of the old school feel it's also poorly designed and just not fun. I can understand wanting to recapture the nostalgia but in seeking to recreate the old classics they seemed to have mostly recreated all of the crap parts and left out much of the fun. This game is awful, especially at the price point they are asking and I would not recommend to anyone."
76561197971171379,Recommended,238750,498830,"Posted: 21 August, 2013",all,onon,M&M is back!!!!
,Recommended,238750,1350087,"Posted: 2 September, 2013",all,Twisted Buddah,"Not to interesting just yet, keep in mind it is still in Dev. It is fun and interesting to get to speak and in theory work with the dev team. Did about 11 hours of ""testing"" Many complain about bugs, I honestly saw some but not as bad as some make it out to be. What is fantastic is that our ideas are going to be used in making this game a better one. Very solid so far, and I look forward to the release."
,Recommended,238750,8284347,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Huntgodx,"I really enjoy the game so far. It has a unique play style that reminds me quite a bit of a board game, which is a neat concept for a PC game. Some things are a little too powerful, (Ex. The Earth spell Regeneration) but that will probably be worked out seeing as how the game is in beta. I really hope they add a non turn-based play option, because one of my favourite parts of the old Might and Magic games was just running backwards and spam shooting.All in all, a fun game 8.4/10"
,Recommended,238750,8585670,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Hexadecimale,"Might and Magic X - Legacy is manything but anything.It is true, the game is still in development, the game appear quite short at the moment but progresses have been vastly made since day 1 pre release and new updates keep coming up. It is not super fast but they keep coming up and considering the team is not huge then I tip my hat for their tremendous effort.This game is an interesting mix and remix of old days M&M and tile RPG mixed in our todays 3D engine capabilities.The game sticks well to M&M while trying to keep it cohesive and loose at the same time.The dev have so far been doing a real good job and I invite M&M lovers and new comers to this game for cozy days or during work lunch time for peaceful and definitely transporting time.Also as a good note, users can mod for the game and it is not too complicated with the use of Unity."
,Recommended,238750,15092346,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,「 Ｒａｚｚｌｉｅ 」,Fought a boss and got slammed off a ledge into an instant game over.
76561198110743902,Not Recommended,238750,8828634,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Berein,"Sum it up:  If you are a die-hard old school MM fan, this is something that you long for.  If you are a RPG lover, stop by and look for a decent rpg, then you need to look for other better games.I have played through the early access, and it was disappointing. I didn't make a comment because it was still beta phase. The full version has made tremendous improvments. For instance, the weapons won't break every second; you wouldn't fail to see your fingers at night due to poor lighting design. I see more barrels with more intereting content and better designed balance such as monster strength and potion pricing.However, the core problems of the early access are not addressed.First is no innovation at all. The game play and design is shockingly simplistic. You walk, see monsters, press 1144, then the monsters die. Class leveling is a straight one-way ticket. Monster fighting is the battle on who has more potions. This kind of game design maybe interesting 20 years ago. But to produce such a game at 21st century and charge people 25 dollars for it is simply not acceptable. There are some interesting puzzles, but not enough to make the game attractive.Then here comes the cheapskate strategy of reduce, recycle and reuse. Ubisoft used this strategy on heroes VI, I still bear with it. However, what is this?  The monster appearance, NPCs, music and every other thing you see basically comes from dark messiah and heroesVI. Being of the same world Ashan, I guess some repetition is fine. But this games has gone too far. The worst part is these two games are of totally different age and types. Forcing elements of these two games into one feels like a big modded rpg from some random players community like WOG. Not to mention the texture and graphic is horrible. Some people say it doesn't work with 32bit OS, but my win8 64bit seems to have the same problem as well. In one word: they shouldn't charge 25USD just for a recycled product.In conclusion, I am not against turn-based strategy games or rpg. But this game is nowhere on par with any decent modern day rpg. It is good for nostalgia. But if you are a real old school MMM fan you won't be bothered to read this review anyway. So I won't recommend to any general rpg players."
,Recommended,238750,13841028,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Automatisch,"With over 30 hours of play time, I would say that I definitely enjoyed most of this game. It's a solid throwback to old first-person dungeon crawlers with some modern touches. Just turn the game off after Act III..."
,Not Recommended,238750,15071412,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,LivingLitch,"Do not buy.Once your enganged in melee you can not move until you get yourself out, usally by pushing the mob back with something like gust of wind. That moves them back one square. Oh wait you already cast so you cant move until the next round. Now the mob moves back in range. So you need 2 casters to disengage if possible. But the first 3 bosses are immune to knock back and deal increased damage if you block or dodge their attacks.Celestial armor abosrbs X amount of physical damage. It does not stop you from getting poisoned or taking poison damage. Theres several spots where you have to fight multiple ranged opponents at once and they get the drop on you.Did I mention I was playing this on adventurer and Ive beaten wizardry 8?"
76561197961194793,Recommended,238750,13750328,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,AT1st,"Short verdict: It is a good old school RGP improved by some of today’s standards and I would rate it 8/10Good:- Great character/skill system with many options- Highly motivating due to tough enemies and frequent level ups- Great feeling of getting stronger over time (enemies don’t level up)- Lots of different items to loot- Long playtime (at least 60 hours)- Comfortable automapMixed:- Fights can be really hard in early game (and depend on luck because of critical hit chances on crucial characters/enemies)- No group formation (but other crowd control possibilities)- No respawning enemies means no grinding possible- At a certain point (near the end) the fights get too easy and repetitive- Much backtracking- Much higher reward for quests (xp) and boss fights (loot) compared to regular fights- 2 passive companions kind of expand the party to 6 characters- Graphics are mediocre but good enough to enjoy the gameBad:- Unclear dead ends because some locations/characters/items are available but can’t be used because you don't have the needed characters in your party- Quest progress might get blocked by having no room for a needed companion- Still some bugs (huge lags while moving is the only problem that happens a lot)- You can't scroll the minimapDetails:Think of a mixture of Legend of Grimrock and Wizardry8 (there might be better comparisons but those games come to my mind).At first glance it looks like another LoG because of the tile based movement. But combat rather feels like Wizardry 8 since it is fully turn based so no moving/strafing around and wild clicking like in LoG.What is really different and could be seen as flaw is that it doesn't use any group formation. I really had to get used to this as I clearly expected to be able to place my weak characters in the back so that they won't get hit but in fact the whole group (and also a certain amount of enemies can) share 1 tile. But the game uses other features to circumvent this ""flaw"". Every character can easily (1 skill point) learn a skill that if he uses it for attacking lets the enemy counterattack this character the next round. So you have to use this special attack for your fighter/high defense/hitpoints characters to draw the attacks of enemies away from your mages/rangers. The problem with this is that you often face more than 1 (or 2) enemies at a time, some enemies are simply immune to that kind of taunt and strong enemies also often use group attacks that harm every member so even when using that skill the weak characters die/fall unconscious more often than your ""front"" warriors which really can be annoying. Falling unconscious only means losing the experience points from any enemies that are killed during that state while dead characters can only be revived with high level skills or in town. The fighting in general can be very tough. You often stumble over enemies that easily wipe your party. But this also is one of the best parts of that game - at least for me. It is highly motivating to encounter enemies you can't defeat yet but knowing that you will defeat them when you come back later. I love RPGs that handle it this way. Another thing I like is that enemies don't respawn. When you clear an area it stays cleared.Although I think that the fights are tougher than e.g. in LoG, the game is quite forgiving since you can easily quicksave/reload (not during fight though). Also it is much more convenient to play thanks to the excellent automap. The story of the game is mediocre I think and also there are no great characters that kept me engaged. But what keeps me motivated is the constant feel of reward because you level up quite often and always get attribute and skill points to distribute. Once you reach a new skill level (novice, expert, master, grand master) you need to find the correct trainer so that you can finally unlock the benefit of that skill rank. So the game always keeps you going (something e.g. Wasteland 2 lacks of). What greatly adds to the motivation is an item system comparable with diablo. So there are tons of items to find that always are a little better than the one you already own. There are green items with 1 magic attribute, blue with 2 and yellow (relics) that get up to 4 attributes but need to gain experience first. Those also don't need to be repaired - correct, items get worn over time and need to be repaired to restore their full potential. But this happens quite slowly and most of the time you found better gear already before you have to repair the old one.You can argue about if fights are rewarding enough though. You gain much more experience by completing quests and also the loot of the standard fights consists of standard (random?) items like potions or mostly useless gear. So only boss fights drop something special but most stuff can be found in chests (which are often hidden though).Secrets are also discussworthy. You don't have to search every wall for that special mark you have to click like in LoG but instead you either need to cast a spell that wears off after 50+ turns (depends on magic skill) and marks secrets or you need the correct companion to find secrets. Companions are also a neat idea. You can have up to 2 join and they give some special bonus to the party like better prices at the merchant or a healing now and then. Most of them need to be paid though and some quests let you have join one. There is one annoying problem with the companions. There are some that join for quests and you can't remove them from your party until the quest is solved. Also there is a horse as companion that doubles your inventory which is very important - at least for hoarders like me. To be honest you don't need it and will have enough gold to buy anything by the mid of the game anyway... But I ended up having the horse and a quest guy that needed to go to a special place I could not yet reach and the result was that I was blocked in the main quest until I got rid of lots of stuff and my horse to be able to continue.So back to the secrets: Once you found a secret you still have to decide which character of your group wants to try to ""use"" it. Different secrets make different checks for might, magic or perception (I think). You can either learn the different signs or just reload if it didn't work (the char will fall unconscious if he fails). The same can be sad about the barrels that can be found everywhere. They contain a liquid with different colors and every colour stands for a stat that increases permanently when drinking the liquid. So it is the basic functionality of permanent +1 to some stat that you know from other modern RPGs where you have to collect flowers or similar stuff and this also adds some motivation.I didn't mention the biggest flaw in my eyes yet: You will stumble across certain quest items/characters/locations that won't do anything because they are only available for certain characters and you can't have all of them in your party. That is some really bad design here because you end up confused and don't know if you are missing something or if it is just not possible to do something. I ended up checking forums whenever I was uncertain if I am blind...Also I should mention that large parts of the map are blocked as long as you didn't get certain ""skills"" that let you pass through. I think that mechanic is ok, it only causes much backtracking to locations you couldn't visit earlier. It is only really annoying when such a block is deep within a dungeon. You can mark such spots on the worldmap so at least they are easy to find later (the map can become clustered with notes though).So in the end I had a mixed experience. Most hours were great fun and I couldn't stop. Some were quite annoying and in the end I didn't finish the game because it was too easy and I already got most of the rewards/unlocks/max skills I was playing for."
76561198006567656,Recommended,238750,8824274,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Star Paladin,"This game is old school.  Grid based movement; turn based combat; we go/you go combat mechanics and other classic game systems like from M&M 1-5.  If your looking for top notch graphics,  a free move mode like in Skyrim, twitch based fights, and hand holding quests/fights,  you'll be sorely disapointed.But if your looking for a modernish remake of an old classic CRPG, that brings back so many memories of classic M&M/Xeen games of the past, this game will certainly give you plenty of enjoyment.But, it also has horrible, terrible optimization problems, with lag and low FPS even on the best systems, and lock-ups on 32bit systems are being reported.  So sad they released such a classic remake in such terrible shape."
76561197968542098,Recommended,238750,12856896,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Avatar,"A bit of the old feel, combined with the new. Worth the money I spent"
76561198011469837,Not Recommended,238750,22518973,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Sir Prise,You need to subscribe in order to play. Unfortunately I didn't manage to subscribe due to the fact that all my attempts ended with the message that the subscription server was offline. Couldn't play a single minute. Refunded.
,Not Recommended,238750,12939845,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,trail,"Cool game, brings back memories and all. Some very annoying gameplay design. However, presently it literally takes over 10 minutes to load a savegame from act2+. Developers do not seem interested in optimizing it. Stay away if you value your time."
,Not Recommended,238750,8832184,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,NoVa,"very sub par, has not come far since early access, definitely not the quality of a finished product, all the textures look fine for screenshots at 50 feet away, but when you play in game you see the sub-standard work that has gone into this game, and how far they have dumbed down the M&M RPG elements. Avoid this game, even on sale. I have a feeling once Ubi made enough presales they decided ""okay, pump it out now we made our quota""If I did not get early access I would be after a refund (Because i figured, hey, its the return of M&M, they CANT screw it up)"
76561198017118056,Recommended,238750,12531122,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Queequeg,"Loving an old school RPG.  Didn't know how much I missed the 'Party of 4, Level Characters, Collect Loot, drink lots of potions' gameplay.  Sometimes simple is better; I own Skyrim, and would rather play this right now."
,Recommended,238750,14040421,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Aheleas,"This game is awesome old school fun, along with all the pros and cons of old school games. The difficulty can be brutal, you can create a bad party and having stats lack will leave you with broken quests. But it's at great blast from the past! If you liked M&M7 then you should p[lay this."
76561198007313232,Not Recommended,238750,9095986,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Zerome1221,I want my money back. Going back to play M&M6.
76561197997506993,Not Recommended,238750,24117934,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Charha,"I think M&M X was somewhat entertaining. A decent game, I guess, but then again I'm super easily entertained. I also wouldn't buy this for 25 dollars. Here's why:A big portion of the game time is spent walking around, searching for the right trainers to unlock your skills or running around in repetitive mazes and teleport puzzles. Or trying to find some quest location on the game map. It feels like an unnecessary method for increasing play time.My game crashed every now and then. The graphics glitched and sometimes even the battle music got stuck in a loop, so I had to listen to it even though there were no monsters around. Apparently some of the quests have been buggy. I had to go and fetch a particular quest item twice, because the game wants you to do certain things in a certain order.The combat system was a bit unbalanced. There's a set number of monsters in the game, so you can't just kill monsters to grind XP and to learn new tricks. First half of the game I kept getting instakilled and the second half I was always several levels ahead of the monsters I encountered. Even the boss fights posed no threat, which was pretty boring.The story is just an excuse for a bunch of fetch quests. It failed to make me feel even a least bit involved.Overall the game is okay, but it's nothing to write home about. There just isn't anything special about it."
76561198094805212,Not Recommended,238750,34982494,Posted: 15 September,all,g-brooks,I spent a couple hurs on this programThe problem:  it will not let me fly with eli.
76561197967738511,Not Recommended,238750,14549914,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Guts,
,Recommended,238750,13822086,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,RockoQC,"Grid-style-turn-based-RPG goodness! Although it is easy to compare M&M X: Legacy to Legend of Grimrock, there are notable differences that keep them apart: Grimrock is real-time grid style action-RPG, where if you wait and sit on your♥♥♥♥♥during encounters, ennemies will keep attacking. In M&MX, being a TURN-BASED grid style RPG, you play as if it was a board game: you make a move (attack, spell, heal, potion, etc) per character then it's the enemies making theirs. Also, foes will just stand still in the world until you get real close to them, instead of moving at will and randomly as in LoG. So, resting (which comes in the shape of supplies that you buy at Inns) when you are not engaged in battle won't be interrupted by sudden encouters. That does not mean you won't be surprised at some point as M&MX often relies on set-pieces that will be triggered at some specific areas in the game. For instance, foes can appear behind you when you start a boss fight or if you open up a chest. To be honest, this really felt cheap at times and I had my share of reloading saved game because of my party getting decimated by foes that ''magically'' appear behind you. Despite the fact it is a turn-based game, you'll spend a LOT of time fighting monsters and foes rather than resolve puzzles, which are simplistic and won't get you stuck for hours in one areas. Anyway, I will cut right to the Pros and Cons for the rest:Pros:-Huge expansive world and lots of areas to explore, inside and outside-Great spells/skills/gear customizations and character level up options.-Fighting enemies is quite fun and involves strategy for some of the harder encounters. (spells, healing, weapons, etc)-Challenging in some areas (even at the lowest difficulty setting).-Great visuals and crisp graphics and effects.-lots of loot (treasure chests, barrels, monsters, etc).Cons:-Sometimes, in specific spots, enemies spawn out of nowhere in your back. Cheap set pieces IMO that will get you killed once in a while. SAVE OFTEN!-Certain foes will block or evade your strikes at a ridiculous rate (on one occurance, I remember I spent 6 or 7 turns without a hit!).-Some textures (especially indoors) and dialogues are overused and repetetious.All in all, this is a great dungeon crawler that's worth buying (especially if you are patient enough to get it on sale) and will provide lots of hours of gameplay. Just don't expect the exact same game mechanics used in Legend of Grimrock (turn-based vs. real-time). Still, If, like me, you are old enough to have enjoyed vintage games like AD&D: Treasure of Tarmin  (Intellivision) or Dungeon Master (PC or SNES), you won't be disappointed."
76561197984685970,Not Recommended,238750,8990863,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Vallens,"This game has turned into absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥ Good luck when you turn the wrong corner, agro a group of monsters that can 1 shot you, and you have no ability to get away, even if you manage to get back to town you wont be able to enter town."
,Recommended,238750,16278857,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Spooky Mulder,"Used to play the old Might and Magics as a kid (from VI onwards), but this isn't just a nostalgia game, it's brilliant in its own right, classic Might and Magic gameplay with a decent story and much better graphics."
,Recommended,238750,14525698,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Dajjer,"Final verdict: Great game, but not a Might and Magic game at all.PROSYes they had some M&M lore and a really nice NWC type dungeon in the DLC.The music was good but not M&M greatThe graphic were spectacular for a grid based RPGThe voice acting was great and your avatars side comments were often excellent although they needed more (in particular, the male orc voice actor was spectacular)The city sounds were also great but there were far too few and  and you had the same ones in all the cites and it was totally ridiculous to have Georgian chants coming out of a Orc healing center (chapel)And finally the game story was surprisingly coherent and had far deeper elements than a typical Might and Magic game.And there were bunch of puzzles. Most were fair, but they did have a couple really bad ones. There are riddle chests and puzzle dungeons ( fortunatly no monsters to battle in there)Hireable NPC was handled better in this verionsCONSCharacter upgrades are pre definedA battle simulator (just like Lords of Xulima)I think the developers wanted a cap on levels (prior M&M didnt give a lick about this)Some battle last well over 20 minutesNo retreating from battles (either win it or reload)No honorary promotions (although you can do the missions)No experience points for avatars disabled at battles endMany times the battle music would not stop after battles end (long time unfixed bug-you have to save and reload)Audio did not work on my rig until i plugged in some headphoneSpell book sucked. Good spells but too many of the mage schools had little or no offensive capabilities spells.Still, it was a good game to play and I would recommend it. But only as a good game, not as a Might and Magic sequel."
76561198017321912,Recommended,238750,14855006,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,windwalker,"I am astounished to see the game reviews as ""mixed"". It only shows just how much the gamers has degraded in the recent decades.  This game is brilliant. Superb. Awesome (endo-steel armour and 3 PPC included). The only weak point (namely Uplay platform) has nothing to do with the game itself.  If i were to have the ""seal of appruval"" - this game would be among the first to recive it.10 of 10 - epitome of exellence."
76561198106178522,Recommended,238750,14854022,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Upokoitel,"I'm shocked. Mixed reviews? How can it be? This game is really great nowadays. I played all M&M games, may be some are   better. But can you find any worthy projects with turn-based combat and comfortable grid moving now? Yes, i bought it especially cause of tiles. May be Legend of Grimrock and Lords of Xulima are close to. Only Uplay is disappointing, that's true.Must have for all oldschool gamers, who can remember their adventures twenty years ago.  Turn-based RPG fans welcome too.Upd.Ok, ok. Now there are some more good games with tiles. But this one still rules!"
76561198044299046,Not Recommended,238750,11627798,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Heart + Soul,"Everytime I see this game in my Library I want to spit at my screen. I could remove it, but no, I need the pain. Ubisoft will forget, time will forget, but I will remember. Enjoy my money, may it make you happy, you penny-pinching, license exploiting, industry ruining pieces of trash. If you want an honestly made callback to the games of yore, this is not it. This is your old high school girlfriend knocking at your door at 3:15 in the morning smelling of Sambuca, with a cold sore on her lip she doesn't even bother to hide, asking where the magic went as she pukes into potted plants and tries to lift your wallet. Please, please don't buy this game. It will give you herpes. I mean, uPlay."
76561197970588703,Not Recommended,238750,13979093,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,thrasher43,"The Might and Magic series has been one of my favorites for a long time... up until M&M9.  It was horrible.  I was very hopeful that M&M10 could restore the legacy and for the most part, it was a good step forward.  The tile-by-tile movement took awhile to get used to since everyone seems to use a ""free-look"" movement these days.  The very simplistic mapping system could use some help.  The graphics should have been much better given the amount of time that's passed since it's predecessor.  Combat could have been much less frustrating if the mobs had levels or some indication of how tough they were.  As it is, you don't know until the fight begins and your party is dead in two swings.  A lot of the quests were very vague, to the point where i had to Google about a dozen to figure out what I should be doing.  Lastly, I think the gameplay could be balanced a little better.  While I didn't play every possible party configuration, I think upwards of 60% of possible class combinations are doomed to fail.  The game should encourage you to mix it up rather than conform to the healer-warrior-ranged-magic combination and after three game restarts, that's how it felt to me."
76561197971192292,Recommended,238750,15308034,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,[RS]Gasoline Dream,"Good graphics, game kept in the aura of M&M worth adding to my collection."
,Not Recommended,238750,8844080,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Boon,"Long story short: If you are looking for a Legend of Grimrock experience: Do not buy this game! You will end up being disappointed.Plot: Not terrible but nothing we haven't seen beforeCharacters: In one word: BoringGameplay: Take Legend of Grimrocks combat. Make it turn-based. Make ranged combat much less viable. Remove kiting.No traps, no hidden treasures and no puzzlesCharacter Customization: Very simpleSoundtrack: AverageDesign: Character/Creature models aren't bad, but still far from decent. Cities, dungeons and the overworld are bland and uninspired. Lighting effects are nonexistentConclusion:Legend of Grimrock was an above average rpg. So what do you consider a game that is less than that?"
,Not Recommended,238750,9840131,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Juliette Stray,"I'm going to slog through this game anyway out of dedication to the series, but honestly... it's pretty bad. If you've ever played any of the original Might & Magic games and were excited to play the much-hyped revamp... well, that's too bad, because there isn't really anything they have in common with them aside from some loose superficiality.Character creation:There really isn't any. This may seem surprising at the outset -- after all, hasn't this kind of always been a hallmark of the entire series? Tweak your character and your party (because, hey, who wants the default party, right?) and test your theories to see if it's survivable. Sometimes you may not even find out until halfway through the game. Balance your party with early, mid, and late-game classes, and grind your way up to success, right?Well.. no. There are four races, and each race has three classes (a 'might' class, a 'magic' class, and a hybrid class). Each one gets one or two special abilities once they're promoted (like MM6), and also like MM6, you have to receive 'training' to go from novice to expert to master to grandmaster in your skills. Like MM6, these trainers are also spread all throughout the world, and you have to learn where they are (or read a spoiler). Your class choice feels almost entirely flavourless, and pretty much only determines what skills you can raise to what caps (and at times, what skills you can even learn at all). Also, you only get four party members.Control and feel:The game is on a grid, like Xeen-style era of Might & Magic, and things only move when you do. Monsters don't patrol, however, and unless they 'see' you, they won't go anywhere. When they do see you, the 'danger' light turns hostile, and they will proceed to chase you... forever. You cannot outrun monsters or get them to some kind of 'tether' range, so if you step into the wrong area, your only option is to reload the game. There is no fleeing.NPCs are also like the Xeen era of M&M, in the sense that they appear to only be found in towns (or in map objects on the main map), and do not move. They CAN be found standing around in the game world in towns, but do not actually move. The ones that you can't talk to (which is most of them) do, however, tend to say one of possibly four or five quipped lines, which will replay, endlessly, every time you are standing near them. This is also true of 'environment' sound effects like mumbling, people shuffling things, hammers on anvils, etc. It is generally one sound that loops forever until you step away.UI:The UI is pretty minimal, which is OK. There is an 'action bar', akin to the one on most MMOs, with 10 slots that you can set for each of your 4 party members. Frequently, however (particularly on a mage), you will have to go to your skill book and manually cast from there, as it's simply not feasable to have everything you need on the bar. Not a big deal; it's split up intelligently.There is a minimap, which autorecords your progress on a gridded map. Unfortunately, however, you can not scroll this map even when you make it larger, so if you're looking for somewhere that's off the side of the enlarged map, too bad.Gameplay:There aren't terribly many spells per spell 'level' per school, but there are a lot of schools, which means there's still a hefty amount of spells. Unlike previous games in the series, there are not 'master' or 'grandmaster' schools of each element, there are simply libraries in each town that have all the spells and you pick from there.Weapons and armour can break (this appears to be random chance -- I had a new item I just picked up break in a second combat, and a weapon I used the entire game until then -- 17 hours in -- never break), which degrades their stats until you go to town to repair it. There is no 'mobile repair' that I've encountered yet, though perhaps there is a spell for it that I'm unaware of.Like previous Might and Magic games, you can have two 'hirelings' (sometimes one or both may be a mandatory 'quest' hireling), but these hirelings do not participate in combat as they did in the later versions -- they are back to simply providing an auxiliary benefit for a small percentage cut of your gold and a hiring fee.There is no grinding, not because grinding is not necessary, but because monsters do not respawn. Ever. If you have killed a monster, it is permanently gone. This means that there is a *fixed* finite level of gold and loot in the game, and even things like the ""well, it'll respawn in a few months"" option in previous iterations of the series is gone.There is no party formation -- each spot in the party lineup is equal, and it doesn't matter if you get flanked or attacked from behind. Everything does the same damage with the same random odds of it hitting someone as anything else.Like some later M&M games, you get food (called 'supplies' in this one) to camp, and can only camp so many times before having to resupply. Camping cannot be interrupted.Areas are 'gated' by progress -- did you put points into 'shield' to get it to expert level (the first tier past the starting one) so you can have that extra edge on the boss you're fighting in the beginning? Well, too bad, because that's in the second town, and you can't get there no matter what because some NPC is standing around saying the bridge is off limits, or the gates are shut, or what-have-you. Everything is limited in this fashion -- you may be given a region to explore in that's open (and consequently, may have monsters too hard for you -- which, again, you can't run from, you simply have to reload), but anything outside of that region is always gated. Don't know what trainers are available in the area and don't want to read spoilers? Sucks to be you, because if you opted to put things into your skills and got to a skill tier that's in the next 'zone', you don't get to use it.You have one single inventory, and it's on a grid that does not get larger. Later you will find yourself needing to stop your dungeon delve to go back to town to sell everything, which is mildly obnoxious. I don't yet know if the Lloyd's Beacon spells have made it into this game, however, because...Faithfulness to source material:None. This isn't Might & Magic, this is Heroes of Might and Magic: the RPG, which is a *distinctly different game*. The original Might & Magic games were a kind of silly but fun hybrid of extreme sci-fi with high fantasy. There were spaceships and computers and people and races from other planets, and later your samurai would be dodging ray guns from robots. There is and will be none of that here (one early NPC, in fact, says he was exiled because he thought that stars might be other planets), because this is all set in Ashan, the world from the Heroes of Might and Magic games. This is actually *incredibly irritating*, much moreso than I thought it would be or than it sounds on the surface, but I think it has something to do with the fact that this was touted as a long-awaited return of a game for the fans, and then (presumably Ubisoft) proceeded to crap all over everything that would've actually done that.Conclusion:The game basically feels like Grimrock, except there aren't any secrets you can spy (you just cast the detect secrets spell, and if you don't have it up, the secrets don't show up, period) and the plot is less interesting. Yes, the plot is *less interesting* than ""yo we put you doods in a hole gl hf."" I've dutifully been reading everything that I've come across, including all the lore books, and I really just don't care at all about it. It's extremely low-tier regional politics (that will, I'm sure, eventually involve demons or angels or both), and I'm 20 hours in (the amount of time sunk being telling, given that everything is gated and linear).I'm really not happy with it. The entire game plays like a demo game that's a lead-in for user content. Sad."
76561198046354090,Not Recommended,238750,9842876,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,mward37479,"Worst game in the series, in my opinion it should never have been produced. I don't want fluff games however, if your want to play a game that gaurentees to take all the fun out of playing it this is for you. Making the mobs attack in multiples and almost impossible to kill before you are wiped out... well, I've been playing D&D style games since they came to computers on my Amiga. I hope you people are proud of the ripoff you have foisted onto all of us who live and breathe RPG's because, that is what you have accomplished."
,Recommended,238750,8903318,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,SuicideBunny,awesome oldschool dungeon crawler with limited resources.
,Recommended,238750,30003065,Posted: 18 February,all,Unicorn,"Classic gameplay, atmosferic, fun. Must have for fans."
,Not Recommended,238750,16566961,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,YesterQuest,"It's a mixed bag really, for die hard fans of the series it's probably enough to keep you going right to the end just to see the familiar characters / monsters.However it's biggest problem is what I would call it's tipping point, at one stage you realize that you can pretty much faceroll any encounter and should probably just cut to the chase and head on to the final battle, which is not very enjoyable, despite it having a challenging and satisfying start to the adventure.Further dismay awaits in what can only be described as 'painful' voice acting, even the automatic checkouts at Tesco have more passion :-P"
,Recommended,238750,19867076,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Druaightagh,"If, like me, you loved the Dungeon Master, Eye of the Beholder and the more recent Legend of Grimrock series, you'll love M&M X Legacy just as much."
76561198022658435,Not Recommended,238750,21916669,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,smbaker,"I was going to recommend it, but the bugs (even two freakin' years after release) really annoyed me during the final boss fight with erebos. The game has that 90s nostalgia to it, and feels like the M&M classics (I've played MM3 through MMIX). However, it just didn't feel like it received the playtesting that it should have. Too many bugs. Combat movement a pain in the butt. Annoyingly long walks from location to location. Sometimes having to quit the middle of a dungeon and slow walk all the way back to town to restock. These aren't huge things to fix, but they're enough to really detract from gameplay. Disappointed."
76561197969674846,Not Recommended,238750,13460183,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Fuel,"Its super hard to know where to go!You go to a dungon, and you're suppose only to do 2 of 4 lvl in the dungen then go out? Only to come bak later when you have gotten a lot stronger.Unless you like reading a walkthrough all the way, I would not recomend the gameI rate this 4/10"
76561197970635981,Recommended,238750,15695998,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,iAndy,Very fun and challenging turn based combat.  Exploration is fun and nothing respawns so it feels like you're actually accomplishing something by killing normal monsters.
76561198101457086,Recommended,238750,15987635,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,zorgbloodyaxe,"Once again dungeon RPG worth to play.I have found several aspects of the game pretty good, perfect legacy and tribute to MaM world.Enemies are not plenty like in MaM to Day of Destroyer, but more difficult to kill.Level cap is lower than in previous games.Outside locations? well one location....I could imagine more dungeons too.Movement only in right angles - for me a little setback.Promotions and skills are pretty same, no training center though and fewer skill points.You can complete promotion quest unless you have that class.Missing town portal spell.Only a straightforward storyline...Sometimes sluggish graphical performance, especially in the forest..."
,Recommended,238750,13965978,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,MeatBuckler,Old School grid based gaming  with all the pros and cons you would expect from this kind of gaming.Personally i love that bizness.
76561198035158750,Recommended,238750,14117767,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,studmuffin,"Seeing has this is my first turn-based rpg i can only judge it on how i thought it was has a game.Answer,the game is awesome.Been a long time since i really got into a good rpg and this definatly fits the bill.No doubt the game has a few faults in terms of optimization and  textures but putting that aside its fantastic.Tons of quests,tons of puzzles,tons of fun to be had and you get between 40-60 hrs out of it.Has you can see at the time of typing this i got about 170 hours playtime on this.Cant get enough of it.If you have the money i advise to buy it especially if it comes on offer.Hope this helps make a decision."
,Not Recommended,238750,13540290,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Damon,"TL;DR:  You are better of with the Legend of Grimrock I and II.  Uplay DRM sucks. Ubisoft. Go ♥♥♥♥ yourselves.History:My first Might and Magic game was Might and Magic 3, on DOS.I bought this due to Nostalgia.UPLAY's DRM:What's the difference between a virus and Uplay? A virus works.Seriously. It's more like UPRAY the damn thing works.Now I know why their logo looks like a sphincter, because I got ♥♥♥♥ed in the♥♥♥♥♥They changed myubi.comaccount to a uplay because '♥♥♥♥ you' that's why. But, then there was a password breach.Now. I can't log into my other account. 'Forget Password' is a button that does nothing.   ...NOTHING!When creating another account in-game it says Ubisoft's servers are down.Ubisoft servers seem to go down more often than a two dollar hooker.Yet, I was able to create an account on their webpage.Why does it work on the website but not in-game? Because '♥♥♥♥ you', that's why.Seriously ♥♥♥♥ YOU Ubisoft. I only bought this POS for nostalgia (and regretted it 20 minutes later). If you're an Ubisoft executive, you should go castrate yourself. You're too stupid to breed.DISCLAIMER:The 40 minutes of trying to bypass the UPLAY DRM just to play the damn game somewhat tarnished my feelings towards the rest of the game.THE STORY:Oh for ♥♥♥♥ sake. This is a perfect example of how NOT to do an intro.You get this amazing rambling piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ while this wonderfully rendered woman reads a book.  Exciting? No. It's like Grandpa Simpson...tons of references, and naming of locations I have no clue about.Imagine the fantasy version of this:""We can't bust heads like we used to, but we have our ways. One trick is to tell 'em stories that don't go anywhere - like the time I caught the ferry over to Shelbyville. I needed a new heel for my shoe, so, I decided to go to Morganville, which is what they called Shelbyville in those days. So I tied an onion to my belt, which was the style at the time. Now, to take the ferry cost a nickel, and in those days, nickels had pictures of bumblebees on 'em. Give me five bees for a quarter, you'd say.Now where were we? Oh yeah: the important thing was I had an onion on my belt, which was the style at the time. They didn't have white onions because of the war. The only thing you could get was those big yellow ones...""That's our intro. The 2D art in the book was nice. It would have been better if these 'Raiders' matched my character.Once in the game, It looked like Unreal Tournament or Quake 3. I had the graphics maxed out. I am rolling with a Titan here. It has to be a bug. But this was my play experience.I found it funny there's a retro option to make the graphics suck more.VOICES: Oh great voices! Oh wait. They give you a line, and you have to read the rest. The character's mouths don't move.It's like I got a game from the late 1990s.  Well, steam offers old games... what is the release date? RELEASE DATE 2014?!?!Oh ♥♥♥♥ you.  Legend of Grimrock was made by an indie studio with almost no budget and looks so much better. This game wishes it was Legend of Grimrock II.At this point, I gave up. This is an indie title made by a big publisher. Poor Developers, they probably would have better luck if they ditched Ubisoft and started a Kickstarter project to fund the game. Ubisoft makes you their ♥♥♥♥♥es and you have to see your work covered in a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥like UPlay. I have no interest in playing anymore of your game.OVERALL: If you REALLY want to play this... I'd recommend pirating this game than buying it. Ubisoft will blame their ineptitude on piracy anyways. The executives are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Buy LoG I and II."
76561197985137298,Not Recommended,238750,8860852,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,BigTrucK,"This game fukkn sucks.... The demos looked nothing like the actual game. Felt like I was playing Bard's Tale III from the late 80s, imo stay way from this heaping pile."
,Not Recommended,238750,16913078,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Ryu,"TL:DR - This is not a faithful recreation at all. The clostest thing you get is the freedom to make your own party of characters and even this is very limited. Besides that, you are moving along with a grid-based world, permentally stuck in turn-based combat. In a world that punishes exploration.===Combat===Combat is all turn-based. If you and an enemy are right next to each other, you cannot move. This means that once you engage in combat, You're stuck. No leaving. No retreating. And this becomes a serious problem when you start to explore. You will go to areas that you are not prepared for. And You will get into combat with things you cannot fight. And You can't run. You will die... For exploring... In an open world RPG that encourages you to explore. The previous might and magic games have made it possible. But the problem is the addition of this grid based combat/exploration. In previous games, you could go to an impossible difficulty area, and the first attack kills a party member. You turn, and run away. Maybe lose another party member to a stray shot. But you can still run away and escape. Nothing bound you, like a grid does here. If an enemy engages you in melee combat, you're stuck exchanging blows. No smart manuvering or tactical fighting like in previous games or in legend of grimmock.... No, make your attacks, take your blows, repeat until you or the enemy is dead.===Exploration===As mentioned previously, you are punished for exploring if you happen to end up in an area you cannot fight in. You have to use that quick save... Alot. Its not even fun to explore. Everything is grid based. So you will find boundaries, and areas that look like you can go through but you can't because the grid says you can't go here. It's a massive step down from the previous games where you could scale mountions, fly above and look at the whole world, or jump into the water and risk drowning to discover cool treasures. Heck, it was rewarding to go exploring in areas, that your party wasn't prepared for, to grab some of the loot there. None of that in this game."
,Not Recommended,238750,8843583,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Ace,"In theory this game should be good. The combat and movement system is fun. However, the game is not balanced at all. Magic characters tear through enemies like butter while might characters struggle to provide any kind of usefulness. So, you end up just having a party of mostly magic characters so that the game isn't a horrible struggle. If the game wasn't so magic-biased it would be much better."
76561198012790252,Not Recommended,238750,8833713,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,xadie,"BEWARE - this game is a buggy mess. If you run on 32-bit windows you won't hear half of the sound effects and texture quality will lock to low settings for NO reason. Sound Volume is totally messed up, the music is almost not hearable but cutscenes will scream your ears off. The save system will corrupt your savegames at times and I encounter a crash-to-desktop-bug every hour or so.*sigh*At the core there might be a enjoyable game but who wants to put up with that pile of bugs, really?"
76561198018013143,Not Recommended,238750,8838539,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Praetor Shinzon,"I started out liking this game but have go to the point of total frustration. It is indeed an open world to run around but you have no idea what lvl the mobs are. If you engage an enemy or mob (just getting near them is engaging) you can not run away. You have to win, die, or load a save file. I think you could see how this sucks. To many times I have turned a corner and killed this my lvl and then about 10 spaces later I would run into a mob that is way overpowered and smashed the hell out of my grp. I think that is something they should address in a patch asap as it makes the game insanely annoying. Also, tring to use bows is pointless because most the time you want to get in melee range and if all your points are in ranged abilities the bows do 50% less in melee range. Lame. Even crossbows x.x . There are more downsides but you can check out other reviews."
,Recommended,238750,15095062,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Josh,"Not sure why this game gets so much hate, I'm having loads of fun with it so far.Yes it's a bit buggy and could have done with more polish, yues uplay is bloody annoying, but it has greta music, atmosphere, and is just a decent dungeon crawler.Also, if you think that by choosing not to buy the game due to uplay that you'll make Ubisoft stop using it then think again. All you do is hurt the devs by not buying this because of uplay, Ubisoft don't care, they'll use uplay regardless of whether people buy their games or not.But to clarify this game doesn't need 'always on' uplay drm, which is what steam is, it just requires a single activation via uplay, after that you can go offline.So overall, decent dungeon crawler, I would recommend it."
,Not Recommended,238750,9114950,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Pupper Pug,"Lives up to its predecessors, even the main menu looks like it's out of the 90s.If it's not nostalgic for you I wouldn't even give it a try.I dunno, they are just times the game seems so broken and breaks because it's trying to be a 90s game in a 21st century setting. Doesn't feel right."
76561197994991381,Not Recommended,238750,9684597,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,McFegit,"Would absolutely be a must-buy for fans of the series, if only the ridiculous decision towards tile-based movement had not been made...Probably not a very engaging game for people who have not played any game from the series yet."
76561197993883438,Not Recommended,238750,8953954,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Intactlife,"The constant grid movement ruined the game for me.Im a M&M fan and have played the last 5 series, and I espected more from M&M XOldschool does not mean its good."
76561198034006309,Not Recommended,238750,17855390,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,A2V,"This MM serie is the worst serie ever. I ve played all of the MM series and i say - even MM VI was waaay much more interesting ! If you are a MM fan and you expecting a gamelay and a very interesting world - skip this game ,save your money and time !!!Character development and class upgrade is very disapointing. Arts and design of the world is discusting ,even the voices and music are badly suited.P.s.  Worst game serie EVER ! What a shame"
76561198021216899,Recommended,238750,14880239,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,in_circles,"I don't think I've ever played a game for 325 hours before. Rough around the edges, but absolutely nails everything that makes a blobber great with one exception: the navigability of the overworld map."
76561198042576053,Recommended,238750,14594944,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Lost in 3d,I really enjoyed this one. I had the first two when they came out about 20 years ago. I felt it really kept the spirit of those old games while taking some steps into current technology. The graphics are nice but not neccessarily over the top but thats not what this game is about. It's about story and exploration. It's really a throw back to the original dungeon crawlers. Don't expect the massive scale of TES but there are some similarities. Its also refreshing to play a game at max settings that doesn't need a $1-2k system to run. The season pass added some extra missions DLC also.
76561198052191567,Recommended,238750,18649375,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,sifibuckle,"Ah, I love this franchise!"
,Recommended,238750,34208573,Posted: 13 August,all,xXJayeDuBXx,"Might and Magic X is not a bad game - in fact it can be quite entertaining at times, but it's RNG combat, balance issues and poor design choices really hinder the game. I have beaten this game twice and I would say that the final chapter of this game is a good example of all that is wrong with this game.The third chapter is a long, boring trek through two dungeons that includes silly portal puzzles to pad play time; instead of interesting combat engagements you are instead bombarded by huge number of enemies that can cause a few different status conditions (and good luck finisning the game if you didn't gear towards defending against those); and a final boss with cheap game mechanics that can♥♥♥♥♥♥on you from range while dispelling all your buffs (better have tons of HP).I get that MMX is trying to go back to the old hardcore way, but having to run all over the place to find trainers for different skills is a huge pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ Fast travel is janky and not that great or helpful most of the time either. Also, don't even think about doing a jack-of-all trades kind of build or spend skill points willy nilly because you will get♥♥♥♥♥♥on hard to the point where completing the game will be more difficult that it should.If you're smart and you take a min/max approach and have a focus build for your party, then the game is quite enjoyable. But if you blindly spend skill points or have no idea what you're doing, they your party is going to be way behind the curve and the game is going to feel like♥♥♥♥♥♥to play. I ended up modding the game and slightly adjusting the buffs to help as I found the difficulty at times to be too frustrating.I would recommend if it's on sale."
76561198036764914,Not Recommended,238750,34710590,Posted: 3 September,all,lille Allan,"great game, but gamebreaking bugs"
76561198032884926,Recommended,238750,13032385,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,semir231,Old might&Magic agan :-) lot of fun
76561198006876821,Not Recommended,238750,24684057,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Ravenscar,"I got 9 hours in and realised that I just couldn't bear to slog on through this ugly, clunky game. Go buy one of the Legend of Grimrock games; they're similar, but far superior in all aspects.Hell, go buy one of the originals, I was particularly fond of M&M VII in the day and that is still substantially more fun to play than this horrible game."
76561198003182356,Recommended,238750,10298407,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,cdavis3,"this is a great game, very reminicent of Wizardry 8.  However do not buy the mac version.  There are so many bugs that it is unplayable"
76561198012348763,Recommended,238750,10711905,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Psycho,NICE GAME!!!!!!
76561198067589514,Recommended,238750,9374167,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Dirty Dingus Magee,"A pack of blind ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s get ambushed by nasty sods every time they take five steps.Serously, these raiders are in dire need of a guide dog so please - give generously."
76561198040541935,Recommended,238750,14972805,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Crys.Fire,"Well what to say, this game is great a good old dungeon crawler with a freaking point to it. There is no grinding passage from what I know you just go explore this nicely made world and its wonders. The game mechanics are refreshing since most games nowdays are only about fastpaced action. And I enjoy it the most because i have enough time to go get me more coffee while in combat. Puzzles combinet with game world with keeping in mind logic that human brain should use are nice. On account of bugs mentioned well I did not see any so far at all. Only con is that compared to past MM series this  one is simplified with harder and more tactical combat so zyou dont miss out on fun. Even when I would welcome more things added I'm glad that ubisoft made a game like this and I would like them to continue in making games like this since i enjoy it. Go and enjoy if you catch it on sale buy it for sure."
76561197973761675,Not Recommended,238750,20740004,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,lwood1969,"Unless you light starting over lots of times to try to build your party exactly the way the devs want you too, this gave is far from fun.  No respawning enemies means you have to do everything exactly right or you are not progressing."
76561198042706422,Not Recommended,238750,8990469,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,m_ayhem,"Well, I read all the bad reviews, and came to the conclusion that everyone was crazy and they were all rating the early access version of this game.  Wrong.  Honestly, I love and hate this game.  I've played every M&M game before this, (6 being my absolute fave) and am a devoted fan of the series.  But people, this game is EXCEPTIONALLY buggy.  I'm a pretty patient person.  I overlook a lot.  But I have had to start over *3* times because of various bugs.  Once there was supposed to be a rusty key dropped by a couple of guards.  NO key, NO progress.  I killed the guards, the guards did not drop it.  No way to move forward.  Start over.  Once the game ""lost"" my saves.  Star over.  Once the game decided not to let me back into a castle I needed to get into.  Start over.  Then I decided to write this review.  This game will be super fun after a few patches.  It needs work on almost everything. Textures are awful, pop ups appear and disappear, NPCs and followers do not behave as they are supposed to, save games disappear and if you save and reload you may lose things from your inventory, IMPORTANT things  Go read the Ubisoft forums before you pay 25 bucks for this game.  Wait 6 months for the next 3 or 4 patches to go online.  I feel cheated and it's not fun.  If they fix this stuff, I would recommend it wholeheartedly.  If you have the time and patience to restart 3 or 4 times in the HOPES that you might be able to complete, go for it.  But don't say I didn't warn you."
76561198043207181,Recommended,238750,9005975,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Gnarkzsch,Good old times. I will play it again when most bugs are fixed.
,Recommended,238750,9011950,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Omega Proxima,"If youre into oldschool RPGs this game is 100% for you. Theres nothing else to say, Money well spent."
,Recommended,238750,9050733,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Kadaeux,"Good oldschool gameplay in a mostly modern graphics package. It'd be easy to say that the graphics are a bit dated, but when compared to earlier M&M games it's really not. Though I found the graphics were quite good.The gameplay is about what you might expect, it'll definitely appeal to those who enjoyed older games such as the Wizardry series. (Like me.)All in all, I would recommend this game to anyone who likes a touch of oldschool."
,Recommended,238750,9051605,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,illystriel,Nostalgia factor high....uplay sucks.  If you enjoyed old Might and Magic gives this a go.  It is a worthy follow up to the good M&M games
,Recommended,238750,8888120,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Alizebeth Bequin,"Game is Very good, has some optimization issues but overall the game is exactly what it tries to be a classic dungeon crawler RPG. If you liked Legend of Grimrock or Pre 6 Might and Magic you will love this game."
76561197961663761,Recommended,238750,8891151,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,.BAD. God Slayer,I have not played the original MM games.I give this game a 7/10It is a hard game.Enjoy.
76561197992212456,Not Recommended,238750,9258154,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,AcEmAn84,"Only a few hours in and the game is great so far, almost exactly like I remember the old games to be - played Clouds and Darkside a lot.It is a good old fashioned turn based RPG.However, under no circumstances can I recommend this game as it makes you use uplay! - avoid at all costs."
,Recommended,238750,10606171,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Eggersaurus,New-Old school!
76561198095016066,Not Recommended,238750,11330764,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,ChaingunDude,"As a game itself this is a great title in the series.  As an installation I'm afraid I am not very satifsfied.  The game does not run direct from Steam but from Ubisoft meaning I had to make yet another account for yet another software company.  This was not apparent upon purchase at the time either.I can no longer access this Ubisoft account and so can not play the game.  If you make a new account the CD code you get upon purchse will no longer work and so I am stuffed, even after reinstalling the game from Steam.I wouldn't have been so frustrated with the program were it not for the fact that game itself was rather good.Not reccommended due to 3rd party requirements I'm afraid.  And if you search for help or support you will find NONE at all, apart from a few notes about the CD code basically telling you that you're screwed..."
76561198041339040,Not Recommended,238750,11211910,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,jasonkknd,just not fun
,Recommended,238750,9898467,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,Tyrhem,Much fun. So wow.
76561197985586617,Recommended,238750,13519143,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,MadBalls,"Pretty cool, casual game. Not a wow factor but an enjoyable game :)"
,Not Recommended,238750,18247890,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,MasterButch_ODDSQUAD,"Sadly I did not enjoy this game as much as I had hoped to.For an 'select your own direction' style game it feels heavily scripted and controlled, pushing you into fights you would either normally avoid or would prepare for.Being forced into unavoidable traps and battles you can cannot prepare for really lets this turn based game down.If you have a lot of patience and are happy to hit that reload button often then play this game, but I really dont believe it to be worth to much of your time."
,Recommended,238750,15444720,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Darklight,Great remake of an old classic. If you've played one of the old games back in the day this is a must!
,Not Recommended,238750,15047128,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,(KFM) LoLPeRLoL,♥♥♥♥ uplay
,Recommended,238750,15479809,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Popsmoke,"I could say a bunch of long winded fancy things about this iteration of the franchise, but there's really only three words that matter: Buy.this.game."
76561198064276278,Not Recommended,238750,16656040,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Vuld_Edone,"The game is fun and I would like to play it, but as it progresses it becomes... a bit tedious. Lots of travelling, not really knowing where to go or what to do. This is old school alright, and I wouldn't mind if there weren't loading times, bad maps and night time half the time..."
,Not Recommended,238750,16333833,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Starjumpersix,"After 2 hours, I had to put it down, and have had no desire to pick it back up. Compared to the older games, this game is spitting on the legacy of the Might and Magic series. Ubisoft, you're not 3D0 or New World Computing. Don't do this again."
76561198147300980,Not Recommended,238750,16332861,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,rwolin,"When I purchased the game it stopped downloading halfway through and now rather than say "" Play NOW"" It says ""Pre-Load Complete"" ??  As of now I have not heard back from ""Steam""!!!"
76561197975330473,Not Recommended,238750,14319882,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Tuzcorp,"I loved mm,6,7 so much and I dont feel like im in an open world at all. I dont feel like i can really explore areas and dungeons because its all blockmovement and every ankle is squared. You cant run away from units if you are getting chased because they will also move 1 unit every time you move a unit. either you must die or only engage in fights you are sure to win.  It promotes the auto save so badly because you simply cannot regret a decision and turn and run.. even a remake with better graphics  or any of the other mm6+ would have been better and way more joyfull.a game is not about good graphics but I cant help to feel like im watching something that was something which is 10 years behind the graphic developement of todays other games. I would always come back to might and magic games and replay it, but this is just too locked. the path units, clunky movements and locked view ankles makes it really hard to see it as an open world game. Im sorry to say but I hope  a new one would be made with very few aspects of the legacy implimentet in it, and more things from the older games."
76561198003112998,Not Recommended,238750,14875993,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Dr Ben,You play is the devil.  I can't play the game as ucrap servers don't work.  I have been trying to play the game for a good hour now.  I WILL NEVER by another UPLAY game again.  This is the last time.  It is not the year 2002.  Every other video game company has stopping being a complete piece of crap and moved on from the eight million log ins.  I didn't even know this was possible.  DO NOT BUY UPLAY GAMES!!!!  IT IS A NIGHTMARE!!!!
76561197977211401,Recommended,238750,17245264,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,HerderButterFesterStranger,"An older style tile based RPG, and as clunky as you would expect.  All in all an okay enough game.  It is not Legend of Grimrock, and if you have not played a tile based dungeon crawler before LoG is by far the better choice, but if you like the genre this is doable.The major bad points are that the enemies take FAR too long, even with enemy speed set to 300%.  You have to use Uplay.  And the game is mechanically broken in quite a lot of ways.  Even things as simple as health/mana gain per level or buff/debuff duration dont work.  It doesnt ruin the game per-se, but makes it play in a wierd way."
,Recommended,238750,8857178,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Barkie_Mailman,Hard game with some strange difficulty decisions as well. I really enjoeyed this one though
76561198045560846,Not Recommended,238750,17276245,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,catseye50000,"Incorporates 3rd-party DRM: Ubisoft Online Service PlatformWhen Ubisoft wants to be Steam and fails: uPlay pretty much kills everything I love about this game.  Once tried to play this game offline (no Internet access) and guess what?  I can't play it 'cause I cannot log onto uPlay!I cannot make a positive review to a game I cannot play.  Once the game becomes independant of uPlay, I'll end up getting back on it, but until then, it's got NOPE! written all over it."
76561198078591119,Not Recommended,238750,9941679,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Samidare,This Game Sucks .... I can even get into the main screen oi the game
76561197982371705,Recommended,238750,10497182,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,vizualartist,"Uplay password is incorrect.Uplay needs to update.Load Quicksave.Loading.Loading.Loading.Loading. (wow this is the goofiest loading screen I have ever seen, what's with those poses?)Loading. (why is this the only loading graphic in the game?  It comes up every 2 minutes and I have to look at this one awful picture every time?)Loading. (there is no way that elf blade dancer was born a female.  That is a man under those leaves.)Loading.Loading.Lagging.Lagging.  (why is a game where you move one tile in 4 directions at a time lagging?)Lagging.  (oh come on, the textures look like a PS1 game!!)Goblin attacks.Miss.Block.Miss.Block.Miss.Block.Miss.Block.Drink Mana PotionMiss.Block.Miss.Miss.Miss.Miss.Miss.Goblin hits you for 34 damage, you are unconscious.Goblin hits you for 62 damage, you are dead.Loading.Loading.Loading........There are so many reasons to hate this, but underneath all of them is an outstanding game.  I just wish it was a smoother experience to get to the wonderful gameplay.  The grid map and movement is great, the map looks like one you might do with graph paper as you're playing a game, I dig it.  The enemies are classic fantasy and are a good fight until they become extinct and you're left with an empty map looking for the next unlockable section.  I really like that you can play entirely with a keyboard, gives my mouse/drawing hand a much needed break.  There are 4 races, with a total of 12 advanced classes.  No customization, which is ok here, but they only give you four portraits to choose from for each race, and that includes male and female, so it's really just the dark haired male/female, or the light haired male/female.  Interestingly you can choose all four of your party members with the same race/class/skills/portrait if you choose and have a quadruplet party.  But this is a solid RPG at its core.  There are two difficulties, and I'm trying to complete it on hard without looking up anything online, and will update this review once I've gotten there."
76561198027243412,Not Recommended,238750,10237623,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Orionic,Not a very good game. In fact it is one of the worst of the serie. The combat mechanics makes the game and your options very limited. Character customisation very basic compared to the rest of the serie. However the story is deep and even if the game was bad I wanted to finish it because of it. I really think Ubisoft failed to pick up what made this franchise a sucess and apply it in thei own way into the game.
,Recommended,238750,27495872,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,p4e4c,Great for the fans of the old Might and Magic series
,Recommended,238750,26944802,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,JeFawk,"You get to pimp your party and go kill monsterz.+ beautiful+ completionist, every grid cleared remains cleared- cannot farm, errors in party management can literally make the game unbeatable, but then again it's your faultA pretty damn nice experience especially when in a low level area you can find extremely hard monsters which guard the gate to Hell. The game does not hold your hand much."
,Recommended,238750,27207904,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Naoya Scarlet,"A nice game and successor to the earlier Might and Magic games but it would have been nice if they hadn't totally foregone the real time system in favor of the turn based one.As it is, it's still a good game recommended for all oldschool RPG players."
,Recommended,238750,26966970,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,SansPants,"It's a spiritual successor to the previous Might and Magic games - you know, before they tried going 3D (MM6), then went 3D (MM9) and generally went the way most old-school RPGs at the time did and tried to modernize their worlds when 3D was a bit too new, and screwing everything up.Looking at you, Wizardry 8, Ultima 9 and Might and Magic 9.As a turn-based grid-based dungeon crawler, it's pretty good if a bit simplistic. It follows the lore established by other Might and Magic games, with maximums for skills based on class and only having a handful of those. It's also a bit easy to bone yourself early on, so go read an FAQ or two before tackling. You know, like the old days (where it was on BBSes, or picking up the game guide).Definitely recommended for its quality, and doing a ton with a little and for keeping the flame alive. Would buy MM11 in a heartbeat."
,Recommended,238750,26983823,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,bladedbelial,"legend of grimrock is one of those games that sneaks up on you at first sight you think ah well, but once you start palying it, you find your self slowlly falling in to its grasp and hours have gone by, a great game is the least we can say about it"
,Recommended,238750,27589858,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,PoshPorcupine,It's a great update of the old Might  and Magic games (1-5).  It was a lot of fun to play and captured the spirit of those classics.  I would love to see an update of the formula for the newer Might and Magic games (6-9)
,Recommended,238750,27794451,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Admiral Awesome,A great life simulator from the time when the world was tile based and you got to die horribly in a safe turn based environment. 10/10!
,Not Recommended,238750,10225018,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Varrus,"I'm a fan of old-school RPGs, and I really wanted to like this one, but there are just too many frustrating things about this game. The movement speed on the map is laggy and slow, which becomes incredibly annoying when you're forced to backtrack constantly. There are extremely long load times even on my SSD, and guess what, you're constantly loading save games after bumping into a creature way more powerful than you're capable of dealing with, without warning. These two issues ruined this game for me.You're much better off spending your money on the excellent Legend of Grimrock, which is slightly similar."
76561198068288098,Recommended,238750,8893763,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Shevek,"I strongly recommend this title to players who remember the golden age of cRPGs. This may not be everyone's cup of tea but if you like a good old-fashioned dungeon crawl, no other modern titles can touch this.Graphics: The graphics are good but the performance is a bit spotty. Still, if you ever wanted to try an old school dungeon crawler but were put off by the graphics, this will help you get into them.Sound: The sound is wonderful. The music, the voices, the effects, etc all work well.Story: These are not the kinds of games you play for story purposes. Still, if you bother to read all the text, there is a decent story there. There are even texts you can find to figure out the back story of the world or characters.Gameplay: This is where the game scores the highest marks. There are 4 races with 3 classes per race. You assemble a team of 4 from those choices. This makes the game immensely replayable. I have just finished the second act and am already planning my Hard mode playthrough.Also, the game has many nice touches. It has mechanics to limit rest abuse. Potion overuse is limited by hefty potion costs. Over-levelling is slightly limited by the lack of respawns.Overally, I love this game. It was a great surprise."
76561197964529548,Not Recommended,238750,10948150,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Pibb,"Not a fan of this being packaged with UPlay.  Decent gameplay, but the lack of quest markers and decent journals make a tedious experience overall."
,Recommended,238750,18844255,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Pip,"uh..yeah. Some stuff but yeah, buy it!"
76561198013256647,Recommended,238750,17278667,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Losk Osmanthus 路渐秋凉,"It is not hard core enough to be the greatest chapter of Might&Magic, yet too hard core to be a master piece.Why? A game requires players do their home works...all kind of it...put notes on map, scheduel carefully on their finance, spells, party organizing... etc.. And we haven't touched combat yet.Non-escaping, D&D encounter, Geez! Im both thrilled and damned.Look, I don't want to save before each combat, but I put so much effert into my party, I can't just let them die and reroll the whole game again!strategic wise, there are too many ambushes. Players are pretty much conered most of time.Though it reminds me the old school M&M... we have to move forward around the inconvinient part...If designers expect players plan their own adventure, then make the game more open and allow more mistakes.The game is not hard, it is just unfriendly. But it was done so as intended. Therefore developer is to be blamed.It has the potential to be as great as Skyrim with such a completed resourceful world and mechanism.However, the playing through in an Open world with a Linear and steep learning curse is just sad.The execution just won't do.However,I still recommend this game because it isn't easy to find this style anymore, it is as rare as you can get."
,Not Recommended,238750,9829656,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,BaronScrewtape,"Positives:If you are feeling nostalgic for old school Might and Magic, this is a great game for you!The game is very pretty, which is one of the jarring things about trying to play the old games for me.At low levels, I had a lot of fun.Negatives:Still some annoying bugs.Has the most outdated, annoying, frustrating, enraging and overall pisser of a game mechanic in the form of artificial limitations on your characters skillsets. Why can't I have a Freemage with Fire Magic at grandmaster? When I finally noticed I would not be able to achieve my planned skill and spell build I was a bit ticked. It made me nostalgic, indeed.... for the modern games that give me the freedom to build my character the way I want it."
76561197960509714,Recommended,238750,8841928,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Nano Flower,"Playing this for about 25 hours in so far. I like to roam once more in the lands of M&M as i played my last game of this series severel years past when i bought the Limited Edition of M&M VI.I wanted some similar experience with MMX and straight went into the Digital Deluxe Edition.So far so good, but STEAM wrote you get also the Digital Audio CD when paying for that. No it seems not.Thats why:(German)http://might-and-magic.ubi.com/mightandmagicx-legacy/de-DE/shop/index.aspx(English)http://might-and-magic.ubi.com/mightandmagicx-legacy/en-GB/shop/index.aspxOnly boxed Editions get Audio CD. So STEAM just did made a big error to get more Digital Deluxe Editions sold.Very dissapointing. At least the extra Dungeon (Didnt found it yet, wonder where Dreamshard Dungeon is) and 1st DLC for free is a plus.Well the game itself is ok'ish, you got to be a fan of good old Dungeon Crawlers. If you where in for Legends of Grimrock, then prepare for a much bigger World here in MMX, but with simpler riddles. Battles can be tough and i did almost got stuck in the storyline where theres a contentblock where u get to fight an Earth Elemental NPC to get the story rolling. If you arent able to get past it it gets a bit tricky to level up more to get it done. But theres allway a way to squeeze some XP along the walk. Over all its a time consuming Game for those who love such RPGs and therefore you should get it and play it. But dont try to make the 24/7 Achievement. Not recomandable if you not want to get feebleminded."
76561198030068515,Recommended,238750,8951843,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,okain,i bought m&m XL when it wher Early Access and the game whernt worth playing at that time. but if you are looking for some adventure time and have the money and can get use to the clacic game-play remember to set the texture qualety to weary heigh
76561198008297010,Not Recommended,238750,9205417,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,adam.s.jones,"Think twice before you buy this, U-Play is required to play the game and it is terrible. I cant even tell you how the game is because its unplayable. If I can ever get in I'll update this. Update I was finally able to connect to uplay long enough to activate the game and play. Now i play in offline mode, and its a deffinite throw back, kind of cool game. But apparently even if you bought the game, if you are in offline mode you can't progress and features (like any further than act 1) are disabled. Save yourself the money and don't buy this. I have spent hours just trying to cope with uplay its not worth it."
76561197994951724,Not Recommended,238750,9211895,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,hpglow,"Ubisofts, DRM Uplay sucks don't waste your money like I did."
76561198039337280,Not Recommended,238750,9295945,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,j-baker,"one of the worst rpg i have ever played, not worth the time it took to download let alone the money i spent on it."
76561198071689614,Recommended,238750,10280312,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Mystic Exarch,"Pretty much just a stright up dungeon crawl RPG. You get to design 4 characters and customize them, which is in tradition with the old school Might and Magic games. However, now you have different races to choose from each with 3 unique classes. I never much cared for the other MM games, but I like this one a lot. It's really addicting. I also like how its played turn-based on a grid. Some people may not like it but I love it, it reminds me of tabletop D&D. There isn't much to do the second time around, so it is really only good for one playthrough. You get 40+ hours out of one go of it, though, so it isn't a big deal."
76561198103651772,Recommended,238750,35214560,Posted: 25 September,all,Vigi React,"Exploration is Key in any RPG*This doesn't deserve a lot of the bad reviews. I don't like Uplay either, but the game is good*It's a throwback to tile-based exploration, albeit with a much more open world than most of thy olde retros. It retains many of the elements that made older M&M addictive, like the spells, obelisks, places to get buffed on the world map, hired help etc.The graphics are a bit wonky (for essentially a dungeon-crawler, there is stutter on both higher and lower settings, even though my computer can handle fully-3D 1st-person just fine...)The battles are exactly what you want them to be: strategic, challenging and fun. At least they are on Warrior Mode, who knows what the pu$$ies playing ""adventure"" mode experience.""Hoo-ray! We're going on an adventure! Can you shower me with rose petals to commence the occasion?""Tactical play is incredibly important, pay attention to elemental weakness as well as Skills. I beat a boss by limiting attacking because every miss buffed him an extra attack the next round, due to the Skill he had.Mamushi at the top of the LighthouseIf you are a fan of the genre, you will probably like this."
76561198009594537,Not Recommended,238750,35185306,Posted: 24 September,all,kmccol1,Buggiest thing I have paid for in a long time. Uplay is awful and needs to be scrapped.
76561198237941846,Not Recommended,238750,24728360,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,kjkaergel,negative: uplaynegative: even 2 years after the release there are still major bugs that may break the game(griffon at the end of act 1)
76561198171862606,Not Recommended,238750,24902685,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Rvlion,"I have been quite a fan of the Might & Magic series from the 6th game on.Finished 6 once (took a bit long for my taste), but 7, 8 and 9 I finished at least 3-4 times.This game however......Well it is clearly a M&M game judging by the poor'ish graphics and the turn based combat style.I don’t care about none critical mechanics like in M&M 8 getting your crew from taverns or special buildings, thisa gave the game some extra flavor and was interesting to play around with…However so far have not discovered anything new’ish.There is however 1 total game breaker for me with this game M&M X…Being in a constant turn based environment, every step you make is as if you hop like a bunny from place to place… Also the whole world seems to be 1 big huge chess board in which you walk and if your travels brings you not aligned with a door (which will happen like always), but be prepared to make several 90 degree turns to get to that door instead of doing the logical thing of going diagonal...From 6 up to 9 M&M you could walk or jump to every place you wanted like a normal FPS (the walking part), then when enemies were in melee range the game went turn based.This is what I love, this is what I want in my M&M games…Because I love the series in general I will still try to finish it regardless of its flaw, but I will never recommend this game. Simply because I don’t like this game."
76561198018598516,Recommended,238750,13500365,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,euplatious,"Good time, but not the best throw-back RPG out there, yet it works really well."
76561198002189495,Recommended,238750,13708554,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,rovaira2,"I'm about 18 hours in atm, but loving this one. It's one of my favorite games of all time. I'm going to have to buy more of the M&M series ones. I see a ton of them ongog.comas well, but not sure which I'll pick up yet. I love the turn based combat, the somewhat open world, the quests, battles, the challenge, spells, leveling up, etc. This is a definite buy if you don't have it yet. As far as the uplay stuff, I haven't had any issues; I've also played other games via Uplay such as Driver San Francisco and never had an issue. I believe you only need to be connected to the internet when you first enter your cd code into uplay, but I'm not postive on that."
76561198037937782,Recommended,238750,8495724,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Ecike,"Earlly acces sa mi nepacil. Strasny pohyb po stvorcoch dlhe loadingy malo patchov.Finalna hra je omnoho lepsia. Plynuli pohyb po tych kockach a uz to tak nevadi. Lepsi progress a vybalancovane. Fak to bavi ako za starych cias, klasika.Ako zapor by som dal strasne dlhe loadingy a framerate na to ze je to jednoducha hra v jednoduchej grafike. Engine nejak nezvladli. Ale na hratelnosti to nic nemeni iba ze si pockate trochu na loadingy :-)"
,Not Recommended,238750,8615263,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,ChinaMan,"No more updates?, Game plays too hard to even proceed!  Wasted money, and the game play is soooo SLOW."
76561198070216824,Not Recommended,238750,12606143,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Dr.StrangeLove,"I admit it, nostalgia was what got me to buy this game. But as I played I kept feeling this ""meeh"" vibe about it, as opposed to when I pick up other classics that leave me wanting more. Overall I give the game a 6/10, it's a bit lackluster."
,Recommended,238750,8051301,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Phantisma -ßЯҢ-,Bought this game on early access mostly for Might and Magic VI. I'd seriously wait for it to come out of alpha and then we can discuss our thoughts on a game. This game created a grid style map close to what Myst played like but it's very laggy and I have not yet tried combat in the game and I'm seriously afraid to at this stage.
,Not Recommended,238750,8589077,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,iikuuk,"Meh, hope it's gonna be better when the full version comes out."
76561198009289636,Not Recommended,238750,8359444,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,rgk3,"I liked the earlier Might and Magics so i assumed I would like this.  I was wrong.  Too much artificiality in the structure of the world and the way the game made me move through it.  Also, I couldn't figure out how to stop my attack options from disappearing in combat.  I bet there is an easy answer to that one but I won't be the one to find it.  Maybe you can do better."
,Not Recommended,238750,22768713,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,dragonslayer91,Far too rigid to be enjoyable.
,Not Recommended,238750,13846186,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Josip Broz Tito,"I have a feeling that grid-based movement mechanics without using mouse as a part of the player control option was the only thing that should've brought that ""old school feeling"" back. Take that away and you have a piece of crap that have no reason to exist, thats it.Yes it got some puzzles, dungeons and♥♥♥♥♥♥but all of that was better in any other M&M game before. All you have here is simpistic and outdated core-gameplay mechanics powered by infamous Unity 3D engine that looks like garbage and puts near-top graphic cards to stress.Seriously, stop that necromancy and let those games die already."
,Not Recommended,238750,8826517,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Sporkmonger,"It's really not that fun compared to the rest of the M&M series. Grid map feels really constrained, it's impossible to remember where anything is, and mana is a massive problem for magic users while non-magic users have no depth really. I recommend Blackguards instead."
76561198022510924,Not Recommended,238750,14981300,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Phoenix Wright,Worse then MM9
76561198004651288,Not Recommended,238750,15825719,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,DMessiah,"Here is a cupple of things that is redeeming about this game- The combat works.Thats it.The things that make it suckyForced Gridbased movementforced turn by turn combat ( feels like playing an old MM game, from 5 and out i belive they had the option to turn on turn by turn combat)Boring QuestsBoring musicAlso if u ever ran into an area that you wheren't suposed to be in u where preety much ♥♥♥♥ed since u can't outrun the npc's unless u get to a town..Very lifeless world.Another thing i forgot mentioning is that Archers are totally useless in this game, When the enemy's are in ur face, ur Archery Based characther will suck more♥♥♥♥♥♥then Freddy Mercury.IN everyway possible, is this just a ♥♥♥♥ing slap in the face to every damn fan of the M&M series, I was hyped when i saw they where making it, but realised as soon as they told us they where using gridbased movement that the game would be dull and overly lacking.Also feel like there is just way to little in ways of exploring, look at M&M 6-8 (even 9) great exploring, and if u ran into a area to hard for you, you could still rush past em pick up some great loot and be on ur way. This game forces you into a fight, and the way that you gain money is totally ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, 5 gold for a boss? yeah thats decent. morons.Overall, don't do it, if ur new to this Franchise then go ahead, but i promise you, that you'd be better of playing any of the older games, like 5-8"
76561197970563406,Not Recommended,238750,8834174,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Alfarran,"Its not often I am compelled to write reviews. Leaving the more...balanced observations to better men/women than I. However,,,be warned my friends, this game is delivered though UBI soft's dreaded UPLay and whilst I remained patient through 5 hours of regiostration requests (after a 5 min download), the game itself is then awful. The statement of FPS is simply not true and those of us of an age to rememeber Dungeon Master (II, eye of the beholder etc) will remember not a first person shooter but something very different. Awful even at Hi-Res with the suggestive quest development mechanics that scream of 'go there, come back'.. I would avoid this title until it appears at 90% off. I never learn....but you should...look at the screen shots and the into videos...this is as good as it gets..."
76561198021421855,Not Recommended,238750,8827997,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Hoon,So dissapointed. Bought this is the hopes of playing an updated version of the originals which I love but I ended up with very short and shallow linear game.60 Dungeons? hmmm the first dungeon has 9 creatues in it thats more like a room.No freedom (you cant kite mobs either) and too much gloss and not enough depth especially for a £20 game - this should be a £10 game.I bought the final release and this is my first ever review as I was let down by the game.
,Not Recommended,238750,11612588,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Cerzel,"Might & Magic X - Legacy is the 8th game in the Mega Man series, and the first of the titular character's adventures on the Super Nintendo. X must fight his way through 8 fantasy races to reach the evil Sigma, and deal with every goddamn door in the entire game having an enemy archer behind it. Seriously, ♥♥♥♥ archers."
,Not Recommended,238750,8944931,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Vlad,Awful.
76561198027785846,Not Recommended,238750,8896361,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,ChaosRepeated,"I really wanted to like this game.I saw alot of negative reviews on this and went to write a positive review because I was enjoying it.The thing is the more I played it and looked for good things to say the more I find reasons why you shouldn't buy it.Its a dungeon crawler with no random encounters; just scripted battles.The world is displayed as open but plays as if it is on rails.The writing so far is boiler -plate and bland.The production values are terrible, graphics and sounds far below expections, yet despite the low quality of these the loading time are many and long.The quests are handly orginal, the race and class choices are lets face is laughable.As much and I keenly want to recommend this game you are far better off spending your money on legend of grimrock or paper sorcerer.I wanted to enjoy this game and played it far long than I should hoping I would but the fact is it's a waste of your money when there are far worthier games out there.And that is ignoring the plague on humanity that is ubisoft's DRM which just terrible."
,Not Recommended,238750,13904463,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Tsukasa Hiiragi,"Initially I had high hopes for MMX as I've been a long time fan of the series since the early 90s, but MMX makes me question the developers ideas because they simply do not work period.  Some of the worst aspects are combat related, such as being locked into combat and no monsters are in the local area, a bug that STILL has not been fixed, this particular bug occurs because of the ridiculously decision to make the combat turn based, where as the previous games was all psedo-turn based meaning you could move your party/pause the game and attack.   MMx locks you into a fight to the death once monsters reach a certain distance from your character, unfortunately I've had this bug out far too many times forcing a reload to a previous point to fix - not to mention this particular type of combat also punishes the players rather harshly against ranged monsters, because you sometimes can't move into melee range!! Absurd but true!!  Honestly - the person who thought up this mechanic should be fired because its one of the serious gamebreaking issues MMx has.If your a veteran of the MM series, you'll know that skill points are valuable but in previous games you had somewhat leeway into making some mistakes with your builds, MMx forces you into very specific builds and characters classes otherwise you could literally become stuck in game without the ability to progress either because of bosses being too difficult or some encounters completely overpowering your characters, so creating your party requires very careful planning and even more careful skill point allocation.Another major problem MMx is balance, or lack off it.  The balance problems are so bad that I don't think the game was ever playtested properly.   Overall game difficulty is another issue as it wildly increases/decreases, for instance you don't know the level of any monsters and since they cut corners with monsters design (they just re-color) the difference in color of a monster could mean that you have your entire party one-shotted or you one-shot the monster.  But for the most part, you'll die ALOT when exploring, so save literally before every encounter.  Because a typical scenerio when exploring is...kill basic monsters...no problems...oh new monster!! Game Over...reload, avoid area until higher level, it happens far too often which makes me wonder if this development team ever played any of the original might and magic games...I could write on and on about all the complaints and issues I have with this game, but this is one of those games you're either going to love it, or hate it.  I just don't recommend this game to anyone who easily gets frustrated.  It is also especially time consuming because MMx also suffers from excessive loading, with entering buildings/inns...loading...enter/leaving areas...more loading...entering dungeons/new floors...more loading.Basically, This game needs to have the movement lock removed as that would solve many of the issues."
76561197990143726,Not Recommended,238750,8973509,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,j.delinski,"After playing through the first area, game chrashes most times I enter new area (outdoors, city, dungeon). I get a message to please send a file near an unnamed exe file in an unnamed location to the developers at an unnamed location. between steam and uplay everything unfindable. The first part of game was great and I am trully dissapointed. When it does crash it changes my desktop background to the same color of the Uplay background which is a bit suspicious and makes me wonder what is crashing. I see above that I have played the game one hour. That is wrong. Steam and Uplay Keep time of play seperately and not so accurately, I have put many hours into a game which becomes unplayable for me after 1/3 of content."
76561198015498933,Not Recommended,238750,8978303,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,(+)Markiano,this game is bad controls are awkward no mouse inversion . graphics are poor fighting is a  joke .i should have bought something better .dont waste your money not a good game be warned .dark souls 2 out in march buy that .
,Recommended,238750,16855900,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,scottryman,"Pros:- Lots of spells, weapons, armor, and items to satisfy your cravings for treasure.- Engaging and clever puzzles.- Tactical combat that is easy to pick up, but still provides a challenge.- Solid story with characters Might & Magic fans may find familiar.- Simplified level system from previous games.Cons:- uPlay required (They do give you some extras when you use uPlay units though. I don't like it, but at least they give you some nice extras for it).- Slow to load, some objects don't appear properly (several shrubs appeared in the middle of a fight where there were no shrubs/foliage at first a couple times. Not a deal breaker, just a little weird).- There is a glitch that corrupts your save file (If this happens, don't erase your old game! Start a new one and enter the first dungeon. Then, when the game autosaves when you've entered, load your old game!)- Grid movement system isn't for everybody (though the old free movement system from 6,7, & 8 was a little wonky, so do what you like).All in all, highly recommended."
,Not Recommended,238750,17625869,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,redwizard000,"Wow what a horrible game... The graphics are extremely dated, and not in a charming way (this game came out in 2014? srsly? Oblivion came out in 2006 and its graphics blow this away!). I have seen indy titles with better graphics and effects, I expect more from an AAA studio. The interface is clunky, wtf is up with the weird ""tile based"" movement system? You are stuck on a grid?!? What is this? Might and Magic II? MM6, 7, 8 and 9 had no problem letting the party freely move and look around, you toggled ""turn based mode"" on and off when needed. This game locks it on runs the world every time you step into the next grid tile (you know the way the old DOS 1-Xeen Might and Magic games did...). The character races, classes and skills are pretty basic and lack the options and depth of the games predicessors. It's like they decided to try to capture the look and feel of old titles but managed to capture all the negative things about them with none of the positive.I haven't played much but I already noticed several assets are recycled from previous games... Mostly sound effects that are from MM6, 7, 8. Several of the jingles, the sound of the quest log opening and closing, the sound of drinking potions are all from the old games. It is laughable and only makes me wish I was replaying one of the old titles.I mean... Might and Magic VIII Day of the Destroyer, a game that came out in the year 2000 had 7 base classes, plus 7 promotion classes, plus the dragons. MMX basically has 3... a ""warrior"" a ""hybrid"" or a ""caster"" and the class is a bit different depending on race. VIII had 35 unique skills, X has 25 and they aren't very creative. Your wizard can't even grand master all of the magic spells. VIII had very distinct magic skills, the 4 elemental magics were for wizards, the three ""self"" magics were for healers and the light\dark were shared (there was also class specific magic...) This game, I am not sure exactly how to distinguish between a healer and a caster, you don't seem to start with any healing spells. The previous few games were cool because you could explore the world freely in real time and then press ""enter"" to go into turn based mode when needed; you didn't feel like you were locked to a rigid grid.Also, dare I say, the graphics are almost better in 6\7\8. I mean sure they are low res pixelated sprite based images mostly but at least the characters wander around in real time, with a walk cycle. Your characters move their lips when they talk (yeah, no one moves their lips at all in X... it is sometimes hard to tell who is talking). It was a bit primative but at least it was easy on the eyes. Even MM3 through Xeen looked good, in a cartoony oldschool DOS way (and in Xeen the characters moved their lips when they spoke.) MM1 and MM2 had crap graphics, grid based game play and you had to draw your own maps (sort of) but they came on 5 1\4 floppies so they get a pass.Plus, no game since 6\7\8 has had the awesome inventory and equipment equip screens that 6\7\8 had. You could actually see what the thing in your inventory looked like and when you put it on your character they actually looked like they were wearing or using that item. MM9 and X went back to the oldschool ""list of items"" method and little squares to put the items in to equip them.6\7\8 had a few animated cutscenes, and they were animated well for their time. This game has an extremely long intro, plus another 10 minutes of naration as soon as the game starts and it is all told with still images and voice overs with characters that can't move their lips.The only thing that X seems to have taken from 6\7\8 is some ripped off audio assets.Add to all of this the ""wonderful"" experience of having to use UPlay... F-ck UPlay. It took quite an effort just to get this game to launch on my PC (among other things I had to sign up for a 3rd UPlay account because for some reason they can't find my old credentials) and - it wasn't worth it.The Might and Magic series peaked with 6, 7 and 8. 9 was OK. X is pretty bad.Go back to remaking ""Heroes"" clones Ubisoft! If this was an Indy title I would cut it some slack but... come on, this is Ubisoft, the guys who brought us Assasins Creed and Far Cry. Ubisoft and Limbic Entertainment are way above ""Indy"" level developers. I haven't been this disapointed with a game with the title Might and Magic since Dark Messiah. These guys are making me start to consider MM9 as one of the ""good"" Might and Magic games... (and I used to hate that game! Well, hate is a strong word. Strongly dislike is more like it.) I miss 3DO and New World Computing. They would have never let this happen.Damn, writing this review has made me want to go back and replay the good Might and Magic games."
76561198002789058,Not Recommended,238750,8847794,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,mk4i9661,I have expected something like M&M 7-8 but got turn based RPG. That's disappointing.
,Not Recommended,238750,8850853,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,^Pirate ^Sam,"I was not expecting this many bugs for a released game. I find that the ""open world"" that was advertised in the store page to be deceitful. Infact, the game is quite linear. There isn't much room for customization of the party because if you do not have a star squad, boss fights are impossible and you will have to restart the whole game with a better party configuration. Because the game has a linear progression you cannot prepare your party to mitigate the boss fights.The difficulty wasn't what was most appalling, it was the bugs. I would have to restart or reload saves killing a good hour or two of progress to fix a bug. The most annoying of the bugs that occurs the most is the combat music overriding all other sounds. This ends up with multiple combat musics playing at varying times in their tracks and without the sounds from actual combat this results in a sound similar to that of a heavy metal band practicing in a garage.I believe that only die hard fans of the Might and Magic series would enjoy this game. For the price of 29.99 this game was not worth the punishment of playing it."
76561198011233494,Not Recommended,238750,8849648,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,OldGuy,crahing on startup - bad!
76561198048233254,Not Recommended,238750,8838816,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,lemursinorbit,I thougbht it would be more like Might and Magic 6 or 7 even but this one is more like might and magic 1 the map is all squares and its turn based combat with no options to move in combat. seriously this is a major downgrade from the late 90's game
76561197989979033,Not Recommended,238750,8837730,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Cherry,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAMEIT REQUIRES UPLAY, AND NOT JUST STEAM"
76561198044516432,Not Recommended,238750,8846199,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,raphaelbohrer,Uplay sucks!!!
,Not Recommended,238750,8849711,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Forebode,The game is very pretty and a huge overhaul from the freebie that is included with it.  It doesn't feel like its really bringing anything to the table that hasn't been done before.  It's more like a graphical upgrade port of a game.  It boggles my mind that the characters in your group cannot be seen.  I would think by now we have systems powerfull enough to have an option to play with that view.
,Recommended,238750,14875226,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Africa Corpse,"Here's a haiku to describe my thoughts:This game is quite fun.Hack and slash, shoot bolts and cast.Eat a d.i.c.k Uplay."
76561197994601982,Recommended,238750,18173574,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,tyrell,not so bad
,Not Recommended,238750,22265815,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Skimo,Gameplay feels more clunky than riding a bike in goat simulator.
76561198026223249,Not Recommended,238750,24795577,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Shadow Samurai,Start the game and i have only black screen!
76561198007963460,Recommended,238750,25180311,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Dire Llama,"It's an old-school tile-based roleplaying game. If you like that kind of game, you will have a great time despite its flaws. If you don't, stay way clear."
,Not Recommended,238750,13826003,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Telparion,"The game suffers from uninspiring and uninspired HOMM-franchise content.The world bears almost no original value, when all you'll see are the HOMM monsters and soldiers.It is so far from a MM5 ""Clouds of Xeen"", or MM6 experience ...This is what disappointed me.I feel no ""incentive"" to ""explore"" that world of ""stupid"" HOMM5-6 footmen, that are also put very blandly into the game.Yes, the insult was free as I find this revolting.I don't understand how a publisher / dev could forget or ban creativity in a title they fund. I don't understand how they could even think HOMM-franchise-stuff could bring satisfaction in a MM franchise that existed well before and well above HOMM6+ on its own."
76561198051309148,Recommended,238750,8924802,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,mfgthomas,"Just awful, could barely hack an hour of it and I love RPG's...don't waste your money"
76561198097790541,Not Recommended,238750,11250761,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,dicksoutforharambe,This game ♥♥♥♥ing Sucks!!!! I WASTED $15.00 on it. Don't buy it!!!
,Not Recommended,238750,21392321,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,mike,"Yes I did play many hours, but most of these hours were played with a trainer on the side to help compensate for the insane difficulty imbalance of the game, I really wanted to see if it would get better but it did not really...I've played this type of game for quite a while, that includes Dungeons Master, Eye of the Beholder, the original M&M series (including World of Xeen and then the ""3d"" versions), and more recently Grimrock 1 and 2.It's obvious that the team who worked on the game did not have a huge budget, but they managed to have decent graphics and style all over. My issue is more that they got all the small details wrong:- Hit animations and sounds play *before* the attack dice have been rolled, so basically you see characters die, explosion happen, ...BEFORE the main attack animation has even started. That makes the combat frustrating to say the least.- The characters are talking, which is nice, except it was done very badly: When my warrior is stunned, when my magician is dead, I don't want to hear them complain about whatever happen next or point out that they are tired and that we should sleep.- The design involves a lot of instant death, so basically you have to quick save a lot because your next step may just be the last one, and there was no way to know that. People who call that ""oldskool"" don't know what they are talking about. The olsdkool variant is as deadly, but in general designers left you some hints that you were going to have your♥♥♥♥♥handed to you :p- The loot distribution is abysmal, there's no link between the difficulty of a fight, the fact that the objects are well hidden in a super remote place,... it may still be a pointless non magic item.- The whole RPG system is broken. Skills almost don't matter, all that matters is that you can resist whatever is thrown into your face, which means magic shields and armors, resistance buffs, and protections against stunning, weakness, sleep, etc... the rest does not really matter.- Linking the progression of skills with the story events is so unfair... if you picked up some classes or weapons, you will not be able to level them up until way later in the game because you can't access the trainer you need for the skill.- The inventory system is bad (no auto sorting, no auto selling of the trash loot, you can't throw away stuff if you are looting (you have to close the chest, open the inventory, throw away whatever you wanted, then go back to the chest and finish looting)In conclusion I would say that it was a good attempt tech wise, but that the game design was bad, even the story was just generic fantasy with M&M typical characters while totally missing on the less traditional canon (that involves robots and spaceships.)Try at your own risk."
,Not Recommended,238750,18231733,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Nova,Buy legends of Grimrock intead of it.
76561198058340069,Not Recommended,238750,9001425,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,andrewjeff8,"might & magic x is a good game i really like it so far but act 2 crashes pretty much every 5mins longest i got was around 30mins, i googled this to see if there was away around it and there wasn't seems might & magic x needs a patch to fix this problem i want to keep playing but find it impossible due to game crashes act 1 was fine no dramas there dont know what act 3 and act 4 are like whether they need a fix aswell or not, i dont recommend playing this game until they fix this issue you'll be deeply disappointed, keep in mind this is different to 6,7&8 the best might & magic games out but still worth playing after all issues are fixed"
76561198024575179,Not Recommended,238750,13589050,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,npu1974,A game so buggy should not be released. Unplayable. It hangs every 5 minutes or so. Problem has been there for months and the developer hasn't done anything. The game itself? I really like it. It captures my interest and keeps a good pace. Too bad it crashes often.
,Not Recommended,238750,8855514,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,ThisIsMyRealName,"Unfortunately, both non-canon M&M world and poor design (several seconds for a single move/turn? WHAT?), not to mention same attitude towards releasing a product that will reach EoL while still having missing/incomplete features as with Heroes 6 make this game really unattractive.Even if you are new to M&M, and/or liked Heroes 6 despite plaguing issues, I would not recommend paying more than 20% of the release price (~5 EUR) for the deluxe (or complete, when it releases) edition of this game.To long-time M&M fans: you will not find any M&M in this game. 'Legacy' is just a marketing ploy, but Ubisoft is known for officially confirming claims even when they know they are wrong at the time of issuing a public 'official' confirmation.Don't buy it. You don't want to personally become familiar with how Ubisoft treats you and M&M."
,Not Recommended,238750,8863570,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Budeholly,"This game was a complete letdown. The grid based movement is reminiscent of the previous M&M games of yesteryear, but that is where it pretty much ends.There is very little content.. what is there is generally boring. There is not a large skillset and the story is rather bland.The textures and gameworld look like they were from the MM 3-4 era, which was intentional by the developers. However, that seems like a bad decision. The gameplay elements of the older games was great, the graphics not so much.. updating the graphics and providing some rich looking worlds would have went a long way to improve the overall immersion in the game.There are three towns and only 20 dungeons - that's a very small area to explore and overall, the content is around 20-30 hours of gameplay. That seems weak for any game in the M&M series.Modding support for the game is almost non-existent unless you are an indie developer with a Unity3D Pro license ($1500 - if you want one..) So, don't expect alot of community mods.The only good side is that it has a reduced price tag.. But even at $25, its still over priced for what you get. You are better of picking up a dos box and one of the older games in the series - atleast they have less bugs and a solid story."
76561197988817812,Not Recommended,238750,8864084,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Kallamehr,wow i can't believe i paid for this
76561198011970622,Not Recommended,238750,8885288,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Fluke Jukem,"So far the first dungeon is entirely RNG ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.  if you get poisoned too many times and run out of antidotes you just lose.  the boss is ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ strong and if you dont have proper rolls you'll get one or two peiced. Game screens lie like♥♥♥♥♥♥ the game looks ♥♥♥♥ing AWFUL - textures loading as you walk and blurry ♥♥♥♥♥♥ objects in dungeons/town.  The screens on this preview page are probably ♥♥♥♥ing fake.  I don't see a trap detection skill, nor is there anything in the environment to really click on or look for like in Grimrock.  you just push forward and hope your screen autolooks at a barrel you can break.  Game is so far utter trash would not buy."
76561198106855047,Not Recommended,238750,8866039,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,xiahouscream,"If you like dungeons and dragons constrictive movement, turned based combat, and simplified character creation and stats, then you will feel right at home here."
,Not Recommended,238750,13717917,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Princess Ronald Reagan 💟,"It looks nice. Although no where as good as the original games ( 1 - 6 were the best in my opinion).Where this titles falls short is having the gameplay plopped on a grid world. The detail in graphics beg for free roaming, like in MM6. But instead, you're forced on this grid like in MM2/3/4/5. The two styles clash against each other, rather than compliment.And then there's the combat. It's turn-based meets World of Warcraft inspired hotbar mashing. You wouldn't even know that's how it's played, unless you read a walkthrough. The game never tells you you can click on the ability more than once in a combat turn .It's just an odd mesh of things that really don't jell together well, unfortunately. I'm sure if you are reall dedicated, you could probably find some enjoyment out of this title. I just couldn't, sadly. Perhaps one day I'll give it another go. Until, I'll play Wizardry 8."
,Recommended,238750,8969756,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,JuggernautEX,This game is good and you should play it and if you don't play it you're probably a bad person.
,Recommended,238750,9386440,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Ritsuka,"I am not usually a fan of these type of games, but this one is done very well. I am playing it on the hardest mode, and love how, although the world is pretty linear, it makes it feel a lot bigger when you have to search for your next combat, slowly progressing stronger and stronger. There are no massive stat items that make the game boring shortly after acquiring them, and overall, it's worth the price and will give you a many many hours of play.Unfortunately, some characters are a little unbalanced, such as rangers are nearly worthless as almost all enemies stay in melee range, and tanks don't do a good job of focusing damage on them.I would give the game a 8/10, but unfortunately on steam its like or dislike."
76561198025350363,Not Recommended,238750,13512482,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,wariisop,"Lacks a signficant amount of refinement.  Other games like Legend of Grimrock are more polished, more intriguing, and feel better update with the tools now available for PC.  Graphics are really behind the times, and gameplay isn't much improved of M&M IX.  Was very disappointed and would only recommend this game for $5 or less."
76561197975224754,Recommended,238750,8966046,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Cakefist,"Fantastic game, very immersive. I have not played anything like it for years."
,Recommended,238750,8967941,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Ferjer,Awesome gameplay. Those who plot is a dealbreaker for should avoid.
76561198045136606,Not Recommended,238750,17807296,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Yoshiro,"I feel like I need a guide to play this game.   Interesting idea, but I feel like better maps and waypoints are needed to feel like this game is worth playing.   I only played for about 8 hours and got bored so I didn't even see all the mechanics they had.   I wish this game had me saying ""how do I customize my team to beat my enemies"", rather than ""where in the crap am I supposed to go next???"""
,Not Recommended,238750,9813750,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Malker,"Buy Legend of Grimrock instead, this pile of garbage is basically still in early access; NPCs don't even move their mouths when they speak. The world is boring and typical the graphics are god awful for current technology, and it just simply feels like an unfinished boring fantasy game."
76561198071726085,Not Recommended,238750,20695040,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Tommyknocker,I tried very hard to like this game. Some of my favorite gaming memories are playing early M&M games. I love the retro feel and tile based movement. I like how combat is thoughful and real strategy is needed. However this game just feels unfinished. There appears to be no real and obvious progression as you move through areas. The difficulty spikes in odd places to unplayable levels then lowers to easy for no apparent reason. The loading times are insane for a game of limited quality. The mini map is very poor and there is no way to back out of combat without reloading. If a game needs a narator for more than the opening sequence more though needs to be put into the story. Lastly the character portraits should change as you upgrade your equipment. I found this game exceedengly fustrating to play and after about 100 hours going to quit for a while.
,Not Recommended,238750,21632011,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,SyKo Champion,"I created a team of deadly warriors and entered the realm of M&M, then quit and went back to HoM&M. This game is terrible, I had hoped for a thrilling RPG but technology has not allowed for moving pictures or even pictures that change with equipment. Most of the RPG elements have been sanded down just enough that you can see the reflection of the developers laughing at you for buying this game.I regret nothing."
76561197970389264,Recommended,238750,18273300,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,ko,This hits all the right spots for oldskool dungeon crawling. Very satisfying exploration and gameplay. 50 hours well spent.
76561198046911452,Recommended,238750,34074534,Posted: 6 August,all,flaviookb,Very nice but little brief
,Not Recommended,238750,8702397,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Kiss me where it smells funny,All fans wants m&m 6-7. Not ♥♥♥♥ing homm 6. Burn in hell ubisoft.
76561198019951962,Recommended,238750,7783932,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,koolhand,ive playd all might and magic games this one is not a bad rpg would like to see and play more.keep up the good work.would like to see desarm trap put in maybe down the road. :)
,Recommended,238750,8731606,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Mr.Bigtime-81,"if u dont play this , u miss alot."
76561198042589505,Not Recommended,238750,33249673,Posted: 4 July,all,samuricex,"Frustration is the name of the game here.  If you like unfair and luck based game, then this game is right for you!I kind of like this game, and I wanted to love this game, but I just can't.  The game has many annoyances, the one that I kept running into was your teammates not getting XP if they're stunned when a unit is killed.  WHY!?  I can understand if they're unconscious or dead, but stunned, sleep, paralyzed, etc. ALL prevent your team mates from gaining XP.My main gripe with the game is how combat is so luck based.  Most units in the game have a 10% chance to poison, stun, paralyze, other status conditions, etc. and a 100% chance to inflict on crit.  This goes back to my previous rant, you're going to lose A LOT of XP and it doesn't carry over to your other heroes that are up.  It just plains disappears into thin air.  You aren't given many opportunities to prevent these and you're limited in ways to remove them.  It's unfun and just plain frustrating.  Also, despite having multiple attacks, boss monsters tend to just keep spamming their AoE attack that can stun your team.  Fun...Skip, this game is just annoying.PS - Read up thoroughly on min maxing or you're going to get stuck in certain parts of the game because you've likely messed up your builds."
76561198067505253,Not Recommended,238750,23606696,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Protomario,"The most depressing part of this game is probably Uplay, but if that wasn't bad enough, I mean it is Ubisoft that developed it.The worst thing about it, is its return  to grid style movement, and turn based combat.After MM6 7 8 and 9, you would think Ubisoft would have said, hmm maybe that is a good idea, you know keep it consistant?But no, no...If you liked MM 6 7 8 9, they are on sale for 19.99 on GOG in a package deal, buying this, MM X here will get you MM6 free, but with little extras, no achievements, nothing really extra, just the base game.Again the core game of MM X isn't bad if you enjoy sluggish turn based combat, but this isn't Pokemon, if I wanted that, and wanted to be stuck on a grid, I would play that type of game.I wanted a continuation, I wanted to know what was beyond in those worlds, what did the ancients leave.They left...turn based combat thats very slow and boring...Buy it if you want, but its not for me."
76561198004314108,Recommended,238750,12571724,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,blackrenshai,an enjoyable trip reminiscent of RPGs of the 90s with graphics that are descent enough that you won't feel as if it actually is the 90s
76561198103932873,Not Recommended,238750,28942613,Posted: 2 January,all,mstrfrodo,"In a word... Boring...Well... At least the beginning of the game.You see, the first town you start in is so boring and lifeless,you get a feeling that the rest of the game must be the same.Sorry... After being poisoned repeatedly during the very firsttutorial quest against spiders, I decided this was not worth my time.First impressions should suck you into a game world, not pushyou away. And... This one pushes you away pretty hard.I could be wrong... But what little I did play was simply meh..."
76561197995528556,Not Recommended,238750,13120888,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,julie_driv,"Thank you Ubisoft for slaughtering my fav franchise ever. Really, thanks."
76561198068443677,Recommended,238750,12472797,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Syris,I always love some Might & Magic!
76561198023820936,Not Recommended,238750,8827875,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,illuminatidaffos,I'd better red reviews before i bought it. Total dissapointment not even mentioining crappy graphics and minor bugs. no spirit of MM at all.
76561198052864434,Not Recommended,238750,19761484,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,jedynygucio,"I advise against this game for the simple reason that it is a nightmare to get to run. You have to install a bunch of crap from Ubisoft and God help you if you forget your login or want to change these details. You have to log in to an external app every time you want to run it, which Steam should know better than to allow."
76561198007966690,Not Recommended,238750,9144620,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Argorash,Forces you to install uplay - avoid.
76561198097874245,Not Recommended,238750,16235106,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,gandalf3020,Didn't even play the game.  I refused to sign into another DRM or create an additional account for something puchased through Steam.  I do not know if Uplay was something that was pointed while purchasing the game or not.
76561198091643287,Not Recommended,238750,19457974,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,panawave,One of the worst games i have ever played
,Not Recommended,238750,16309395,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,SephiriotH,"Main reason - uPLAY DRM breaks everything everywhere. No matter if you are registered game in uPLAY, no matter if you used griffin flight once (which actually only could be used in legitimate version and uPLAY realise your version as registered).  Game is absolutely broken if you are not ONLINE in uPLAY client.The game itself is great, as the veteran  who complited ""World of Xeen""  game (Might & magic IV and V both united in one game) in actual time - I admit it.But as I said - uPLAY DRM breaks everything, therefore -highly do not reccomend itunless you have 24/7 internet connectionThe review will be reset to positive once DRM is properly configured (such as - only need to be online at uPLAY once to unlock full game).P.S. I play mostly offline. My real playing hours are about 15+"
76561198052267959,Not Recommended,238750,8848324,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Jadame,"Poorly made sequel of legendary oldschool series, with which this game have only title in common. Every single thing making previous games great wasted and lost."
76561198030385851,Not Recommended,238750,29129147,Posted: 8 January,all,coldblaze,game is broken
,Not Recommended,238750,13819271,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Inuakurei,"Ok at the start, progressively gets worse and worse with bad combat mechanics."
76561198010428092,Not Recommended,238750,13668151,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,valadus2001,"this game is a steaming piece of crap.  played half an hour or so, couldnt even do the first quest because os some glitch.  couldnt load my savea game for the game that I wanted because it will only load a savegame from a party i didnt like and even after i have deleted EVERY SINGLE SAVE GAME AND AUTOSAVE it will only load the game IT wants to load and that save game is one i have deleted but will still only load that one.do NOT waste your money on this game."
76561197993780434,Not Recommended,238750,18153936,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Brenyn,What a piece of crap!Paid the money for the game and then downloaded and it refuses to run on my system.  Do your research and make sure your hardware is compatible before buying this game.
76561198030774348,Not Recommended,238750,16371418,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,drgonzo96,"HORRIBLE HORRIBLE SETUP!!!!  DO NOT BUY!!!!  F&&&ING UBISOFT loads bloatware on your computer automatically and you have to frikking create ANOTHER damn login and password to some damn UBIPLAY account just to load the damn game.  COME ON STEAM, we are already LOGGED INTO YOUR damn ECOSYSTEM, we DONT WANT TO HAVE TO CREATE MORE ACCOUNTS AND LOGIN AGAIN JUST TO PLAY SOME OLD GAME!!"
76561197966037231,Not Recommended,238750,9322617,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,hoozark,"If you want to relive playing rpg's in the late 90's, then this is the game for you."
76561198010641857,Not Recommended,238750,15642725,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Ivan Moreira,"The games is just boring. The history maskes no sense at all and is complete boring. The world map is boring and navigating through the landscape is boring. The dialogs are boring. The graphics are boring. The quests are boring. The UI is boring. Character creation, customization and leveling are boring. The itens, equipments, spells, are just boring.The only thing that is midly ok is the combat. The rest...forget it."
76561198136676457,Recommended,238750,23660407,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,aclarke1349,I need help. Ubisoft is asking for a product activation code. I purchased the game via Steam and can only find a invoice number but no activation code. Can anyone help?
76561198095070652,Not Recommended,238750,22873394,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,paulharries1957,"Avoid like the Plague!UPlay have got bugs that won't allow you to access Griffin Ride to complete ACT I, nor does it givw you your DLC (Relics, extra dungeon etc).Check if UPlay has gone bust, or at least have fixed this bug before you buy.Until then AVOID LIKE THE PLAGUE!"
76561198029615366,Recommended,238750,13506379,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Jolly,"Very fun game and I'd recommend it, especially on sale where it's a steal.  One of those few games that I played obsessively to completion (I usually flit around between games as I own so many and have tons installed, and it's rare that something grips me enough to cause me to focus).The visuals never looked as good for me as they do in the screenshots here and I have a beastly computer - so maybe I was missing something (and usually the first thing I do in any game is check settings/options).The game for all its glory has some of the longest and load times and most pitiful performance of any game I've ever experienced.  It's a testament to how good the game itself is that one can put up with the horrid technical implementation of this game.  I mean, it's a turn based RPG with decent for the style graphics, and there's no execuse for how crappy the game performs when you're out and about in the world, or the insanely long loading times.  You would almost have to intentionally code something intentionally poorly to reach these lows and the fact that zero attempt was ever made to patch in optimization is pretty sad."
,Recommended,238750,9008688,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,SlapBone,"I really was planning to pass on this game despite my nostalgia for VI-VIII. Through some decent word of mouth, I cave and bought it anyway. What someone else wrote in regards to this game kind of sums it up for me... ""it scratches an itch I didn't even know I had."
76561197991189215,Recommended,238750,26815129,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,bluehawk188,Not as bad as everyone says.Yes the Uplay does drag it down a bit and the game CAN seem a trifle hard for some. The series is for the hardcore old school gamers. Not todays modern whiney gamer that needs their hands held for everything.
,Not Recommended,238750,8108222,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Idon,"Unity? Seriously?! By the time this game will be released, it will run smoothly on every ♥♥♥♥♥♥ smartphone there is. Good call!Not worth buying it for pc - biggest disappointment. I mean this game is the last nail to the coffin. Bravo!Don't even get me started on 4 directions of movement (compared to Might and Magic VI free movement) Are you kidding me? Perhaps someone will find it vintage and all, but his joy will evaporate after several minutes of play (at which point it becomes simply annoying)Low quality textures, linear 1-dimensinal world. Very few spells, all of them boring. There will probably be no flight spell, because again there is nowhere to fly to. (And are you sure you want to fly if it just means changing iso-plane without an ability to look down?)Developers probably forgot they live in 21 century."
76561197983142274,Recommended,238750,8240514,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Thighs of a Legend,"This game very effectively captures the 'old school' vibe of the M&M games of the days of yore, but also effectively moves the gameplay into a modern context.  The Xeen series is clearly the main inspiration for this title and the various RPG systems in the game interact effectively to create a compelling and addictive experience.Exploring the world and discovering new locales is really enjoyable although the graphics are relatively cut-rate compared to similar titles.  Some locations look more impressive than others.  The dungeons in particular are quite well-designed, but the overworld and towns lack visual cohesion and suffer from occasional performance hiccups.The combat is the meat of the game and  is purely tactical.  Enemies have a variety of abilities to keep you on your toes.  Don't settle into any one tactic or rely on key-spamming, you constantly have to adapt your abilities to the foes at hand.The lore and world building gets the job done, although exposition is occasionally heavy-handed and long-winded.The grid movement system may feel constrained at first, but if you think of the game more like a series of large chess-like game boards, it makes more sense.  Simplifying the spacialization of enemies and move options to a grid forces you to make specific choices over what you can do spatially in combat - a good thing for a game of relatively modest scope.The main point I want to get about this game is that, as much as the game wants you to, you don't have to look at it through a nostalgia lens.  The RPG systems and tactical combat that hold this game together transcend both the weight of history that hangs over the series and expectations from fans of the genre.Come in with the right amount of expectations and you'll find that the developers acheived what they set out to do: bring the essense of what made the old Might games such a joy to play and put it in a modern context.  Given the modest resources they had at their disposal and the weight of history they had to stare down, I believe Limbic Entertainment succeeded admirably."
76561197994100734,Recommended,238750,8279450,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Solmyrcan,Can't wait for the complete release! Great game
76561198018941705,Not Recommended,238750,12730213,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,DIstrik,"I love ""Might & Magic"". I play M&M7, M&M8 with great pleasure. Some times I want to get back to M&M9. I have stoped to play M&M10, because the process became terribly boring. With M&M10 I have got a gift, it was M&M7, so I have played in M&M10 about 10 (30 - this is incorrect display) hours and I don't want to get back to this game, and have played in M&M7 more then 40 hours and I want to play it again."
76561198022200042,Not Recommended,238750,8823683,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,GeekeeNet,Really wish i could un-buy this game. The videos are much better than the actual game!
76561197993200723,Not Recommended,238750,8822265,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,BBD,just get this game ... controls horrible .. where is lockpicking ? i think u recover old game but no ... like always u do♥♥♥♥♥♥... combat system total s..... u cant run ... i think i wasted money ...
,Not Recommended,238750,8821264,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Planestranger,"First impression is... it's awful. Nothing near the greatness of MM6-8, not even match the 9. It's more like older games in this series but with far more primitive roleplay system with very limited class variation. You can only turn in 90 degrees. No movement during the combat. Very cheap looking graphics and animation, sound recycled from earlier games... yeah and guess what? no MM6 in deluxe version. I immediatley regret buying this at the full price. Burn in hell, stinky Ubisoft."
76561197980750387,Not Recommended,238750,23567526,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Winterson,Has nothing to do with the series. AVOID IT!
76561198035649153,Recommended,238750,8825292,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,CrefloDollar,very ham and eggs
76561197990744178,Not Recommended,238750,21781704,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,zeroequalsone,"What a piece of crap...I love the M&M franchise but this is a real let down....the  battles are crap, the movement is crap...the escalation of enemy toughness is ridiculous...I don't know who put this together or who thought it was a good idea but they are seriously delusional..."
76561198047084955,Not Recommended,238750,19994084,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,0huen4ik,Low quality. Too much minor issues throughout the game. Not impressed. Ubisoft as always.
,Not Recommended,238750,19896356,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Toxicwire,"In the past, I could run my games on Uplay and be fine but now none of my games show up (including this title); do not buy. Uplay is worse than Hitler."
,Recommended,238750,12432729,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Adrian,"Great old school game, but unbalanced - I was playing all previous parts since VI, but I don't see story continuation here. Graphics bit better, but mechanics left same as in previous parts. Why have I bought it? Definitely because of sentiment, I wouldn't recommend it for young players, because it didn't make any progress we already achieved and it's step back.One day I will finish it - right now there is a lot of much more playable titles in queue :)"
76561197999318868,Not Recommended,238750,9198198,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,p24t,"This game is terrible.  I'm going to go play MM3, or maybe some 4-5 World of Xeen instead."
76561197972926578,Not Recommended,238750,17287147,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Pophorn,No mouse inversion so it sux
76561198008100558,Recommended,238750,9029883,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,oddeyedl,"Honestly an excellent game and a very addicting one at that. It does not hold your hand but the minimap and journal are more than enough tools if you have average IQ. The combat is satisfying and the character building is meaningful, you notice the difference between levels. The loot is fun and while not really original, some of the artifacts are well thought out for certian builds. All in all a good romp with depth."
,Not Recommended,238750,18393304,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Troll,"As a fan of the later Might and Magic (basically 7 and 8) this game is an utter disappointment.This game is built around die and retrying to a scary level. You basically go to any area possible, get killed by the first mob or barely survive, then have to find the next area where you might possibly be able to advance.Difficulty spikes evenly at moments, for example you get a few solitary mobs for a while and then a pack of 2 and an elite with them which makes the fight annoyingly hard early on.Boss fights are also unbalanced. You might be able to complete their dungeon without pain, and still have to keep away from them,  go somewhere else leveling and getting better equipment, then come back for a hard fight.The mix of multiple mob levels in a single dungeon is also a pain as you are always saving before taking a step in another direction (level 10 in a area and level 15+ not far from it depending on another quest).I don't like the map designs, with at times just annoying path blockers, put there for no apparent reason, and towns are too big (while it makes for a real town for a grid based game it makes it a labor to travel the streets).Overall design quality isn't really good and game is unoptimized. Running into the forest and jungle kills FPS to a stop.Story wise you get a common story which is neither good nor bad per se.Classes are limited and some are apparently almost useless, like the defender which sacrifices damage for a shield but can't use his tanking skills on any boss and a number of mobsBug wise I only had a inconvenience with sound, after 8 hours of game time the combat music wouldn't stop but would be piled upon the last one after each new fight. Reloading or changing map restores the usual sound until the next fight (which isn't hard as you always reload anyway)."
76561197974842571,Not Recommended,238750,31351730,Posted: 24 April,all,yacks,Worst Might and Magic ever made.   Even the horrible MM9 was better than this amateur fest of boredom.Bring back the style of MM6 to 8 where WE choose whether it's turn based or real-time and the camera/mouse control is true 3D instead of linear step by step nastiness.
,Not Recommended,238750,18494253,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Whiteswart,"Yeah, I’ve played this game for 100+ hours, finished it 5 times, get almost all achievements… Yet I disregard it. Why?Well, all blame goes to Ubisoft, and two major points for I don’t recommend that game are:-	a wrong key feature policy (bad plan), and-	Insultingly high price, considering how low-tech, and limited in capacity that volume is.What is wrong key feature policy, you may ask? Well, that game proposes itself as HardCore and Oldschool. That’s the point for that I want to crush skulls and jaws. You see, using the old mechanic is not making the game oldschool. Forfeiting base common tricks, like adjustable map or in-game notepad, does not making it hardcore.The main reason for what people love old games is not about any type of mechanics. It is about passion! Guys who made those old games on their knees, in the dusty garages, but with full care a parent can give to its child – where every piece in every place is literally hand-made – that’s for people getting old-school. When Finnish Almost Human studio hit the shelves in the 2012 with the Legend of Grimrock, their game was praised not for using sluggish square-based movement. No, please! It was all about good combination of long-known tricks with the creativity and that famous “from gamers to gamers” drive.Might and Magic X Legacy in fact is just a tribute to old 3DO hits, snatchingly made by a small amateur game studio Limbic for a paycheck, and then sold as a full-scale hit by Ubisoft.Now, I don’t think that subsidiarity is a bad idea. It is one of the basic principles of the European Union, for example. But sometimes subsidiarity is not a good option. So rich is the fan-base of the old Might & Magic series! It is certainly have no less admirers than Deus Ex. Were Might and Magic X Legacy a stand-alone project, with some different name (Legend of Eryn, why not?) – I’d only recommend it. But as an inheritor of the whole serial… it is not even a basttard, it is an impostor.  When I’m hearing its name, it sounds to me like, “Leo Romanoff, the right heir to the Russian throne”.That’s all about two major aspects, for which I’m turning it down. Now, the base routine: normal review for a game without such big name.What we have is a first-person view RPG with tile-based movement (like in the M&M 1-5 or the Legend of Grimrock). There go some fans of M&M 6-8… I know some of them, and they don’t happy about that turn. What I didn’t like about that style of movement is that I constantly losing the track. Especially if the background is not flat, like in the Crag town. When you climbing up there, it is cool. But when you have to descend… you can’t look down! So you move, but don’t see where, because you don’t see ground! Un-natural, that concept is.The battle system is turn-based, of course: you have four of your characters, you make a move for every of them, then comes enemies, and so on, one for one. While challenge in those turn-based combats is quite high sometimes, the bad thing is that it is very clumsy in any case where you are not strong enough just to click enemy to death with single attack. It goes about applying your characters skills via game interface. Yeah, you have 10 buttons, 5 already binded (1-melee, 2-shot, 3-block, and 2 buttons for red and blue potions). Another 5 buttons are yours to bind, but boy, that’s so far from enough!After you get about 10-15 level, you’ll be constantly using sub-subdirectories to make every move for every character. I always thought that western PC RPG stands above JRPG like Final Fantasy, when we speaking about normalcy, convenience of combat performing. Alas, the turn-based fight in the M&M X is worse than in your normal JRPG. In the most of the battles it feels like romp in the mud.The story? Nothing spectacular. Go from A to B, then to C, return to A, to B, another round with new mail quest, and another. Wait! Twist! (bonfires) And go for another 3 rounds between A, B and C!There are too little place for decent amount of adventuring. Some locations are blowing my mind, but in the bad way. You go through a tomb full of ghouls and ghosts, managing through some part of it, and then – whoa! – you’re meet humans. Not necromancers. You think, well, I finished the tomb part; there is a Rubicon, now it is a human dungeon. You reconfiguring your skills to fit the fencing with humans, then hop! Another ghost attack! No logical explanation, what people and undead doing jointly, but they’re performing some cohabitation. Why? Well, not because it is a great plan of some kind. There are simply not enough place for two dungeons and variety of enemies for every maze you’ll have to see on your way through.Game falls low shortly after start. It is unnatural, bleak, and the only good point in it is the retro battle system, which gives you some trial to see if you’re fit to old standards. Oh, wait, I’ve already said that that system is clumsy and broken there! So – generally – there are no point to start it, at all!If only to cherish your curiosity… Save your time, don’t bother. My mark is 6/10.PS: I've almost forgot, but this is important piece: the sound in the game is its worst part. After about two hours of playing I was urged to shut down the voices, then, after I've got to Seahaven, I switched off the ambient, and it was not long until I totally mute the game and played only with my own soundtrack on background. What's so bad? Buzzing sounds. That's a total disaster, believe me. Limbic should shot their sound engineer, or at least, stop feeding him."
76561198005590580,Not Recommended,238750,25346828,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,ormtnman,"Crunchiness rating: 2/10The crunchy bits:- Character creation- RPG level progression- Inentory managementThe not crunchy bits:- The character creation is very limited, only two heads per race (4 races only) and only one body per class (3 per race)- Only 3 classes per race, which is very limited compared to the MM titles of yore where you were much more open in your progressions.- Graphics while not normally conisdered in crunchiness leave much to be desired- Inventory management reminds me of MMOs like WoW rather than the more awesome inveotries of modern single player RPGs.- No more equipping armors and seeing them on the character paper doll like the old MM titlesI would say you should give this game a pass unless you ae looking for a simple game to pass the time with. If you liked the old MM games, you will be sorely dissapointed. There are many other better MM type games out there like Legend of Grimrock 1 & 2 on steam or better yet go get the old MM titles for GoG.Personally, I will go get my money back for this if I can."
76561198054182122,Not Recommended,238750,11846531,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Harleskin [GER/SLO],"Dont buy this game, U-Play account registration needed. Beware!"
76561197961365339,Not Recommended,238750,8826584,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,сшкт0,"Ubisoft just ♥♥♥♥ing punched me in the eye, took my lunch money and then♥♥♥♥♥♥in my backpack. This is me being professional."
,Recommended,238750,31350087,Posted: 24 April,all,Tularean,it's okay
76561198087392785,Not Recommended,238750,20272506,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Letoz,When i buy a steam game i desire play it on steam and not on uplay.By this fact i not tested the game and never will buy a Ubisoft game again.
76561198053604817,Not Recommended,238750,9468239,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Zackly,This game is a bust.  I was nostalgic when I bought the early release.  Don't make the same mistake.If you played the original version of this game so many years ago you will be disappointed.  I wish I could get my money back.
76561197999920200,Not Recommended,238750,19323326,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,bruwa.nd,omg it sucks...
,Not Recommended,238750,10667777,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,greatwyvern,"A decent yes for M&M fans, a likely no for all others. Too shallow, too outdated, still it's an M&M!"
,Recommended,238750,8929863,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,⚔️  Ž ⏂ Ṛ   🐉,"Might & Magic X - LegacyConcept:A Dungeon crawling old school hack-and-slash RPG set in the Heroes of Might and Magic World.Graphics: ★★★☆☆Not Skyrim, but for  a 3D grid-base dungeon crawler it looks pleasing.Sound: ★★★☆☆The music is reminiscent of some of the classic Might & Magic titles as well as the Heroes of Might and Magic series. Sound effects are simple and repetitive.Playability: ★★★★☆Easy controls and interface like its predecessors.Entertainment: ★★★☆☆If your familiar with games of the past like the Wizardry series or the Might & Magic games, you will love this title as it takes you down memory lane but for those who are new to these type of games may get bored as the gameplay may get repetitive.Replay Value: ★★★★☆I feel the game has a High replay value especially since your party consists of 4 members and there are a total of 12 possible Classes to mix and match with the 4 races.Overall Rating: ★★★½☆☆MY PERSONAL REVIEWThe Game takes place a few years after the events of Might & Magic: Heroes VI. Might & Magic X - Legacy takes place on the Agyn Peninsula. It's a throwback to the hack-and-slash RPGs of old and no knowledge of the past series is required to play it. You can create a Four person party consisting of 4 Races and 12 Classes to select from. While the party size is locked at four, players can pick up additional hirelings to fill specialized needs that give certain buffs or the pack horse that adds a considerable amount of inventory space which I found a must. The classes offer lots of skills and spells to choose from. The individual skills can be ranked up starting at novice and going up to Grandmaster. Some of the spells you get at Grandmaster are devastating but the road to get there is a long one. If you liked the Diablo style loot drops than you’ll like this game as there is a ton of different types of loot. The game adds some puzzle and riddle solving to take away from the constant combat grind.  Players can roam towns to find various power ups, coins, and quests that send them out into the wilderness. The game offers about 60+ Hours of play time if you explore every nook and cranny and take the time to read all the Lore it offers. This game is nothing like the Heroes of might & Magic series but if you liked games of the past like the Wizardry or Eye of the Beholder series or even the new Legend of Grimrock than this is the game for you."
76561197970701643,Recommended,238750,11006510,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Liam Neeson Punching Wolves,"A wonderful game. Feels very morrowind like but with group based tactical combat.Lots and lots of content, we are talking 50-100 hours. If you can get past the grid based system and force yourself past the game hump, it's a joy."
76561198123448752,Not Recommended,238750,25465559,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,stopadvertisingCSGO.com,"Waste of Money.I started off thinking ""This'll be fun, I can't wait to try it!""So I did my first quest.GOD.7 antidotes were ground down to 0 after one quest, and 2 members of my party were still poisoned afterwards.Eh, it'll get better though, right...?GOD NO.Went out. Did some adventuring. Started doing quests I was told to do.Got ganked. Couldn't do anything about it.Death, death, death, death, no victory, JUST DEATH.And this was on the easy difficulty.For me, this is honestly more rage-inducing than Cat Mario."
,Recommended,238750,2674813,"Posted: 25 August, 2013",all,Shagrost,временно:http://dokole.me/index.php/stoit-li-pokupat-might-magic-x-legacy-v-early-access/
76561197970629210,Recommended,238750,7827109,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Ian Longway,This game is everything you could want from a classic first person dungeon crawl adventure game in the modern day.
,Not Recommended,238750,9646954,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Chaos Panda :3,"God awful, It is a franchise that should have died before ubisoft got its hands on it the game play is horrible, the storyline is boring and the interface is confusing."
,Not Recommended,238750,24067018,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Heimola,I did not know it was made in 1993. What a crap game.
76561198007287717,Recommended,238750,7995931,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,|Its|Eddy|>.>,To Be fair It has be A looong♥♥♥♥♥time since a good M&M HAs came Out cause ive played 6/7 and 8  didnt really like the rest  And to be fair thats the only risk Buying early access IS that It will have alot oF Bugs And itll have content missing so on and  so forth but the matter of the fact is Ubisoft do have a dedicated Forums to this game And will listen to the community( no one is forcing u to buy this early) BUt honly i Do miss the full action But i do apprecite doing sommert abit Different but we have to patient considering. And hope that people will create good/Great content using the Creator And depending How massive the game will actually be in the end Im Hoping Its a good solid story line with good gameplay at the same time But im just gonna be patient and enjoy the game At the minute and Just hope that ubisoft and the Others will announce somthing that will tempt the Rpg Masses.
,Recommended,238750,8825062,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Inspector Spacetime,Literally the worst MMO ever. It doesn't even have multiplayer or deathmatch. 0/69 stars.
,Not Recommended,238750,31568389,Posted: 5 May,all,runeank,"Might And Magic X - Legacy is a bold game that tries to deliver a game that takes good things from both the strategy and roleplaying part of the Might and Magic games and tries to make a good game out of it.It is to a certain degree entertaining, however it has quite a few problems which makes it less playable and probably more interesting for those of us that have played the old games in the series.For me personally it has been entertaining, but I wont really advise it for other players unless they have played these kinds of games before."
76561197976843582,Recommended,238750,7761124,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Draconis-Avatarus,"I find this game had a lot of promise, but it is like D&D where you move in squares. It is not very user friendly, because the mouse doesn't look and there is no real free look. It also needs alot more work before is releases, and I hope they fix this otherwise this will be a no."
,Recommended,238750,23628217,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,VK3,"Installed game.Caught whiff of story.Unintalled game.10/10 Throw money at this game.More details:As the story goes, a group of adventurer ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s once lost one of their ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s... uh, adventurers. Turns out that he was possessed some kind of 'ultimate evil,' who then guides you through the game so that you'll be strong enough to present a challenge to him eventually. He really didn't think that one out, because you basically mow him down like you're holding a chainsaw and he's your noisy neighbour. Kind of like what I want to do to whoever wrote this crappy story."
76561198155997805,Not Recommended,238750,12456691,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,vichoyos,"this is the worst game i have ever bought, it is inferior to other might and magic games i have played regarding storyline and general gaming experience. i would also like to say that the mac version of this games crashes constatly its almost unplayable. I want my money back!"
76561198037563234,Not Recommended,238750,13633737,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,ilkins,"Really poor game. This is the biggest disappointment, I've ever had.The perfect Heroes setting and style is spoiled by boring gameplay of 90s."
,Not Recommended,238750,24706906,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Queenie,"After being pelted with lore and story for half an hour, to the point that I ended up hammering the esc key (I NEVER DO THIS IN ANY OTHER GAMES), I got to the game. It looks like Morrowind and moves like a board game.I ploughed through the entire elder scrolls series, looks and even gameplay don't bother me. But this... This is just too ♥♥♥♥♥♥ for me to work with. I wouldn't recommend this to anyone who finds the idea of your entire party being invisible and moving one space at a time like a chess piece remotely appealing. I also heard that it gets unfairly difficult later on down the line, so... yeah, screw this game."
76561198093920462,Not Recommended,238750,8803318,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,briankontny,"game sucks too many bugs to play early access good,no patch for early access version"
76561198019576097,Recommended,238750,7903396,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,FullMetal,"Best RPG ever, now reborn!!!!!M&M 6 vem grátis!!!!!!!!!"
76561197999344621,Not Recommended,238750,14753178,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Gustavo,Bugged.
,Not Recommended,238750,32169396,Posted: 3 June,all,Cheddarmunky,"THIS IS NOT MIGHT AND MAGIC!!!!! Bring back 6-7-8-hell even 9. That style.. the freeroam, go anywhere do anything non linear play style.... not this locked to a square system from 1-5.. It is crap... I have to ask, what happened to warrior... archer... druid... sorcerer... paladin... troll... vampire.. blah blah... now we get 2 classes... might... and magic.... cmon. Give M&M players what they want... basically a rehash of MM6-7-8 all crammed into one super up to date 3 pack with HD gfx XD  2/10 for misleading people to think this has anything to do with M&M... not the heroes BS..."
76561198052343914,Not Recommended,238750,30161429,Posted: 25 February,all,Melcron,Uplay..Avoid like the plague...Game great Ubisoft Bahhhh
,Not Recommended,238750,11080627,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Slick,"This is NOT a Hero's of Might and Magic game. I bought this thinking it was another game in the Heros' series. Even so, I was very disappointed with this game. It is poorly designed, and the story line is really shallow."
,Not Recommended,238750,31425848,Posted: 28 April,all,Lenny Belardo,http://prntscr.com/f214o2jI hate ubisoft
76561197989032524,Recommended,238750,10728646,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,zeharper,Solid.
76561197985650755,Recommended,238750,7520362,"Posted: 30 October, 2013",all,Dagon,old school awesome
,Recommended,238750,1169187,"Posted: 25 August, 2013",all,zivyterc,"MM X neni nic moc, ale dostanete k tomu zadarmo MM 6 a to je poradne RPG :)"
76561198090267081,Recommended,238750,10676403,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Sicario X,Excelente RPG de la vieja escuela. Los combates son por turnos al estilo de Might and Magic 5. Las graficas son muy buenas a la tecnología de hoy. Si te gusta el RPG al estilo de los 90s no lo dudes y compralo.
,Recommended,238750,10742728,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Valarian,"If you're a fan of the original Might and Magic games (And yes, I do even mean 6, 7, 8 and 9) you'll find many of the elements you enjoyed from those games here: Exploration, riddles, puzzles, and resource management. There are a number of interesting and unique quests which venture out of the normal ""go here, kill this, gather that"" formula, the best of which actually make an active effort to draw you into the lore of Ashan.If you're concerned about the grid-based movement, or the relatively small size of the game, don't be. The developers know better than to get in over their head on a risky and much-beloved franchise. It may be small in scope, but I find it to be structurally tight and sound -- in the narrative/game mechanic sense, at least. There are a number of bugs that plague the game, but nothing that's really kept me from enjoying it.The combat is frustrating in that you can't really run or reposition your party, but the resource management aspect of it is as satisfying and interesting as it ever has been, and there are still plenty of tactical decisions to be made in the course of your adventure.Better than the originals? Definitely not. But certainly worth a look."
,Recommended,238750,10013473,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Disparrow,"Yo, if you like old school RPGs in the veins of say the Might and Magic series or Lands of Lore you need to get this. It runs on a grid so it's less fluid than Escape from Grimrock (another game that harkens back to the time of old school RPGS), but that gives it an even greater retro charm, hell it even has an option for fuzzy retro graphics. It pays greatest homage to Might and Magic 1-4, it still does give refrences to six and seven (seven being my absolute favorite of the series). It even gives the synopsis of the plots for each previous game in in-game lore books while maintaining the new lore and world.Though character creation is limited to four races with three classes for each race, it's still not as bad as Might Magic XIII's character creation (IDK about you guys but that game had the worst race/class choices in the series). Combat can be a bit buggy at times, the latest patch seems to have fixed a lot of the release issues, so I can now give this game my full approval."
76561198032742896,Recommended,238750,9875941,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,woodduck,"If you are old enough to play the old Might and Magic series, and kept going back for more, then Legacy is probably for you. This really is just like playing M&M again, but dressed up for the current PC. Yes, it can be hard, and yes enemies can come at you from all sides, but don't let the haters fool you, this is very fine and worthy successor to those old M&M games. And you certainly get your moneys worth -- the game has many hours of gameplay in it. I am still in Act III and have logged up 30 hours plus.Thoroughly recommended, especially for the more mature gamer out there who remembers what CRPGs were like in the 1980s."
76561198006643250,Recommended,238750,9813290,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Cyrano,"It's a strange thing.Square-based ""overworld"" terrain in the age of ""Skyrim""?Frame rate wonkery despite the above referenced limitations in the overworld?Cheesy voice-acting?A plot that's nigh-inconceivably derivative (Duke Oswin Unicorn?  Honestly?),And yet I love this game.  A great deal.  So much so that I was almost giddy when I saw the DLC and realised it allowed the adventures to continue.  I haven't had this much fun with an RPG since I discovered the Mad God's name was ""Tarjan"".  If you get that reference, it will at least improve the likelihood that you'll enjoy this particular bit of nostalgia."
76561197984548062,Not Recommended,238750,10041576,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,mglearnen,"It is unfortunate that when you purchase this game both steam and ubisoft fail to mention that you must sign up for a third party programn to run the game.  Unfortunatly only one of the cd keys worked in my case so i only have access to part of what I payed for.  The sign up process can be frustrating as well since you will have to translate on of those hard to see scribbles to prove your human, mess up to many times and they will ban you for an hour before you can try again to get your information to work correctly.Game might otherwise work fine if you can get through the red tape and do not mind signing a bunch of waivers allowing ubisoft to see information on your computer."
76561198034119491,Not Recommended,238750,10035248,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,yakushev,On the second day after purchase game stopped loading any save game - just hangs up. Unplayable.
76561198040353333,Recommended,238750,8978729,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Heezayy,Great game!
76561198011827372,Recommended,238750,8979207,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Zagis,Buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥now!
76561198023893820,Recommended,238750,8979221,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Ba'Koff The Stout,Yeah what Zagis Said!  BUY THIS GAME
76561198010235790,Recommended,238750,8980223,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,2lostdogs,"YES YES YES ... under 25 bucks and defintely entertaining.  RPG at its finest . Thanks for bringing this series back to life.To those who love the dungeon crawling , puzzle solving , storyline prgression , pay attention or get lost games ,this one is for you.I cannot wait for the next installments and more from these guys.Like a great book this game is a page turner for sure , You will find yourself trying to complete one more quest before you stop for the evening .  OH did i forget modding yes yes yes . thanks once more"
76561198012737014,Recommended,238750,8900371,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,InQVIZittoR,"2 pictures for male and 2 for femayl in character settings? Plese do somthing with this stuff, and add features to players who already create character to change avatars of character. Please!!! Please!!! Stady gamers opinions and do work on mistakes and do BIG whery BIG patch. I still recomend this game but only becose of i belive you fix all things. I hope I right. Game in this curent quality is unexeptble. I dont talk about graphic, its bad, but it isn't critical. But a lots 'small' but important things with avatars are."
,Recommended,238750,8901050,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Davedev,Everything I loved about MM3 - MM6 updated with modern day graphics.  I haven't been able to put it down!   Looking forward to the DLC.
76561198007116265,Not Recommended,238750,8901666,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Ivan the Gent,"If you can get past the grid system combat its very well done, I thought this was much better than legend of grimrock and prettier too.Depth of tactics and character development is really good, world is nice, plot is ok, not a bad little game.HOWEVER, it is buggy, I currently cant play it just get a black screen every time i try logging. Other poeple are having similair issues. Seems like it come with a world of tech issues and not much support compared to other more mainstream titles."
76561197991567954,Not Recommended,238750,8902115,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Lo_Standard,Broken and buggy.  No it's not your drivers.  Shoulda waited until a 90% off sale.
,Not Recommended,238750,8906000,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,krukid,"My first impression was that it has significantly more simplistic visuals than I'd expected, not very engaging gameplay and unremarkable game mechanics.Honestly, I just wanted a bigger Grimrock, which IMO was a masterpiece, in all of its humility. Not having played original M&M games I'd hoped there would be lots of lore to pick from and create a huge, immersive and rich environment. Sadly, the lore and opportunity may have been there, but the implementation went someplace else.Scale-wise it certainly is no Skyrim - a dozen of locations or so. To call it an ""open world"" is almost laughable with all the progression-based obstacles you coincidentally encounter at every turn - ranging from guards blocking a bridge and impassable terrain to hopeless fights. Talking about rich environment - there's not much role playing, aside from listening to gossips from NPCs with sporadic voice-overs, sifting through loot to find something that suits your party and wondering about the way you were supposed to distribute your skill points to not get brutalized all over the map after act one.In short: the dungeons are there, the quests are there, the loot is there, but it still feels like a farm sim - and not the best one."
76561197985805444,Not Recommended,238750,8906746,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,elfii,"spent 29.99 and all I get is the trailers...... UGH !!!  Forums havent helped. try to get tech support ( good Luck) .I hope you don't have this problem....and yes I did reinstall uplay. unable to reinstall Legacy.I was unable to give customer support order number , because I oredered online and all I have is a confirmation number.Well now I will see if my bank will reverse the charges.....Very frustrated..."
,Recommended,238750,9902856,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,Palin Revno,The old classic returns to it's roots.Whoever remembered the good old might and magic games and has a nostalgie for them will not be dissapointed.May seem kinda dull for newcomers to the series though...
76561198008778227,Not Recommended,238750,9974301,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,nitric_ hexamine,"Requires Uplay, requires internet to run initally.  Game may be fine but i cannot play it ."
76561198023244227,Recommended,238750,9981924,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Sho Nuff,"While not as free as such classics as Might and Magic VI and VII, I still found this game to be a worthy entry into the series.  I was impressed by the gameplay while being completely unimpressed by the class system.  There is much to be said for the game as a whole, it is fun and addictive the first time around, but I am not entirely sure what the replay value will be."
76561198028694331,Recommended,238750,10016993,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Puzzillo,"May be too much ""old school"", may be you'll be tired to repeat the same actions a lot of times (specially with, may be, the ""non the most friendly interfaces ever""), and may be there the risk to ""loose"" a campain using in the wrong way the limited resources (like XP and money).Despite this, if you like the genre and the brand, it will keep you on the screen (cursing a lot a few things, like the sellers, going back to the sellers and the way the sellers work)."
76561198011609921,Recommended,238750,8869093,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Nancy,"Better than what I thought it would be, based on the negative reviews I read about the game. Despite all the bugs, I am glad I bought it."
76561197998740407,Recommended,238750,1844265,"Posted: 19 August, 2013",all,Seltin,Good throwback to the old MM and Bard's Tale games!
76561198008598884,Recommended,238750,9820676,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,jaybles,great old school turn based with good graphics.  Loving it!!
,Recommended,238750,9776090,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,darianw,"The main game, after waiting for months for several huge patches, has been very fun. I'd rate it 8.5. Great old school feel with semi-new school charm and graphics. The game is too unforgiving with classes and no ability to respec (i.e. easy to paint yourself in a corner).  Recommended for those who enjoyed past M&M games.The DLC was terrible.  It seemed very unbalanced regarding difficultly; some parts were a cake walk, some parts took 30 retries and luck (yes, I know how to play my classes). If it wasn't free, I would have not played it."
76561198052306418,Recommended,238750,9932558,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,iceblademush,"Im enjoying it so far, definitly nostalgic value! The grid movement was a bit annoying, also seems a bit slow. Compared to might and magic 3 and 4, the scrolling is far slower, also the screen was smaller in those versions so had a slightly different feel. I actually enjoyed 6-8 so hope that maybe M and M 11 can perhaps try something like that. Overall i can recommend it , but probably its only going to appeal to old fans, i cant see new fans picking this up."
,Not Recommended,238750,9922184,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,-=GhoST=-,"I wouldn't buy this, the game is great but the implementation on Mac is awful.  After playing for a while the game freezes and the only way you can play again is by starting the game completely over...  The save games seem to become corrupt and can no longer use them.oh well, it was nice to think back at my childhood on how great MM was...   oh well! back to MM1! lol!"
76561198025369145,Recommended,238750,9867123,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,e_torstenson,"I was unable to play the game once I entered the lighthouse due to what appeared to be a bug in the game, resulting in a downvote. I submitted a helpdesk ticket to ubisoft (I'm on mac, but they apparently don't admit to have a mac version, so I submitted it to the windows help desk) and got a useless response. They basically had me install every OS X update and some flash installers, none of which really helped. I felt like I had just called comcast and the script the ""helpful"" individual on the other end had them read the same thing, even if it was totally innappropriate.However, I changed my recommendation after following the directions in one of the steam forums. Apparently, this is a 32 bit game and, for mac users, you must find the actual program and mark it as such in order to get decent playability. Once you do, it is fine (though, not a stellar experience). I'm pretty sure Macs have been 64 bit for over 10 years now. But, maybe the code they are using is still 32 bit and they can't afford to have someone actually update it? Even the PC version isn't 10 years old...The game plays more or less like the old M&M games that came before it, but with better graphics. Having grown up with games like this, I prefer the turn based combat. There are some real problems, such as situations where the enemy you are fighting doesn't actually appear on your screen. However, you can still blow them away with fireballs, even if you have no clue where they are. I've seen pirates walk through walls to fight you, and combat turns for the opponent can take several minutes as the animations dig through to find you.All in all, this is a decent remake of those old school dungeon grinders that were king back in the 90s but modernized for semi modern hardware. If they put some work tuning the engine itself, it would probably be a great iPad or android game. Hopefully, it will get some attention and they'll fix some of the more annoying bugs (and maybe bring it into the 21rst centry of 64 bit hardware?). But, even now, it's a fun game that can be enjoyed for hours."
76561198066152612,Not Recommended,238750,9941699,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,haldixon,"30 plus hours invested in the game, with over 15 on my main group.  I reached Act 2, explored Seahaven, everything was grand.  Then, I started to get a few flickers of fractured graphics.  I was exploring outside Seahaven, saved, and logged for the night.  Next day when I tried to log into the game my Mac goes into an endless loop.  Now, every time I try to load a save I either get the loop or some wierd screen with one of my toons in all four spots and no way to do anything.  It's a great rendition of the classic turn based fantasy role playing game, but it's way too buggy.  I'd stay away, at least on the Mac version, until they get it fixed."
,Not Recommended,238750,9939538,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Oathed,"Requires Uplay, so instead of just Steam running in the background you'll now have ANOTHER DAMN THING running in the background. DO NOT BUY unless you like signing up for stupid bullcrap where they want your email address so they can spam you and sell your information or send you advertising.Fun if you like to figure out where to go and what to do by trial and death. Save a lot. Reload a lot. There are no respawns, so do your internet research to figure out what your party needs before you go forth, or else you'll be behind the power curve that the game throws at you.Speaking of internet research, you need to know what quests/areas/subareas to do in what order, or else ...total party kill. There's no way to disengage from combat. You'll die. A lot. Because you didn't do your internet research ahead of time. If this is fun for you, go for it.Ranged weapons are mostly useless due to the grid system. You'll need to return to town a lot to restock on supplies. Buy tons of mana potions, because there's no mana regen that I can see.Want to improve your characters? Find the trainers. Run back and forth to town. A LOT. Figure out where the trainers are. YAY SO MUCH FUN. No. It's also grid based, and the texture quality in some notable places is just horri-bad. CHECK OUT THE TOWN NAME ON THE SIGN AS YOU LEAVE THE FIRST TOWN.lol."
76561198032737008,Not Recommended,238750,9944672,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,cavaliercadaver,"Man, really loving the gameplay, the combat is fun, and it feels pretty balanced so far.  The setting is a lot of fun and it's all such an awesome throwback to the classic dungeons crawlers of days gone by.  BUT IT CRASHES EVERY 5-10min!!!  Running a late 2013 iMac built to the nines, and it's a nightmare I can't play this game for every long without a crash.  Maybe it's different on PC, but it's near unplayable for me.  I hope there's an update coming soon so I can change e recommendation, because I'd love to see more people buying and playing games like this because there's a lot of love here."
76561198013737442,Recommended,238750,9348709,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,nosbor21,"Not bad, but not great either.If you're a fan of classic M&M games then you will probably enjoy this, otherwise look elsewhere for your fix.Gear, level, and mobs do not scale well at all. You start the game having to rest after every battle, and by 25 or so you can just waltz through most of the remaining dungeons and encounters. You have to have a party member that can cast a certain low level fire spell, otherwise you will not get out of act 2, your party will be taken out by paralysis early one. Some gear that you pick up early on is BIS and you will be wearing it when you *defeat* the final boss. The final boss isn't even a real fight, more of  a puzzle.There are lots of areas and quest items that you can pick up, but cannot use if you do not have the correct class or race in your party.That's the bad, the good? It's an M&M game and ubisoft has stayed true to that genre."
,Recommended,238750,9338412,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Vanity_Robot,A true rebirth of a classic game!
,Recommended,238750,9338957,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,.[ERUS]. Pedro | nH,"Fantastic turn-based, grid-based fantasy RPG.  Similar to Legend of Grimrock, but bigger and better in most respects.  Play on the warrior difficulty for a serious, but fair challenge.  There's not a lot of hand-holding -- with riddles, puzzles, and high-level mobs strewn about the continent.  It's an interesting, loot-filled, and occasionally unforgiving dungeon crawler, and I highly recommend it."
76561198005362485,Recommended,238750,9339520,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,No way jose,"As a hardcore M&M series gamer and have finished this game. What this game lacks can be described in one word and that word is grandness. Start with music department. It is relatively weak and as I am writing this, I can't remember any of its melody. Whereas if I am asked to play music from M&M 6 on a piano now. I can do it in a heartbeat and it was more than 16 years ago since I first played M&M 6. Next thing is items. In Legacy, items are represented by small icons inside inventory window. How lame is that. A two-handed axe has the same dimension and takes up the same amount of spaces as an one-handed dagger. It just feels cheap and low quality. Another thing M&M 6 outshines Legacy is  critters. Where are titans, medusas and dragons? You even get to kill angels in previous games. In Legacy, minotaurs are pretty much the only epic monster left. And it is introduced early in the game (Act 2). By the time you reache the end, most of the monsters you are fighting are human like. If I want to kill human, I might as well be playing Battlefield 4.However, this game has shown some improvements. Improvements like spells. In Legacy, they have removed many useless spells. But dark school magic is still a waste of time once you reach expert level. Battles are not as grand but require more tactic. Map and towns are not huge, if you like sightseeing you may get disapointed. But the good part is that you don't waste too much time travelling around.Overall, this is a good game. If you are looking for an old school RPG. This is it. If you are a M&M fan looking for something that would blow every M&M game out of water. You may get disappointed. But Legacy is certainly worth a try."
76561197994214040,Recommended,238750,9276026,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,bryan.r.brown,satisfyingly old school.   I killed the final boss with a lucky hit just before the final doo-dad quest was completed so I hope that didn't make amazing changes.  But in any case I can recomend the game for anyone that enjoys the old style of game play.   Total game time is approximately 60 hours.  Replayability is adequate since you can only do four classes at a time.   But the game does not change much other than that.  Not sure if i'll revisit it much at all but I certainly enjoyed the time I spent with the game.
,Recommended,238750,9260890,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,garath,"Highly recommend. Great throwback to an old school style RPG. It's deep, challenging and offers quite a bit of open world exploration with solid risk vs reward. You WILL go to areas that are too strong for you but may succeed! I couldn't put it down. The 40+ hours flew by."
,Recommended,238750,9326185,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,<Ni>Shillen,"Once you get past the tile-based limitations, the major performance issues and the horrible voice acting, this is an amazing game."
76561197968153246,Recommended,238750,9139672,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Ghulzen,"Highly recommended if you like the old turn-based, grid-based rpgs. Warrior difficulty is sufficiently challenging."
,Recommended,238750,9144504,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Neimoon,"If you like turn-based grid-style RPG games, this is a great one to pick up on the cheap.  Yes, you do hit a wall around Act 2, but if you power through it, you will be rewarded with fun.  This game is very buggy, and I was fortunate to have game-breaking bugs at the very end, but I was able to get through them.  The game itself is right up my alley in the kind of RPGs I miss from my younger years.  I was able to beat this with a Blademaster, Rune Priest, Druid, and Freemage, and I have watched quite a few win with other combinations, leading me to beieve that you can beat the game with any makeup, provided you spec into their strengths and figure a combat strategy that will keep you alive."
,Recommended,238750,9360123,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Dank Meow,If you loved the turn based RPG's of the 90's then this is the game you need to buy and play right now.
76561198009567660,Recommended,238750,2581689,"Posted: 20 August, 2013",all,Whytehawk,good
76561197981948882,Recommended,238750,9383233,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,eric,"Might & Magic X was a very positive surprise. The reviews were somewhat average, but I was looking for an old-style dungeon crawl and went ahead buying MMX shortly after it went out of early access. If you know what to expect (a tile and turned based game system), you might end up having a lot of fun with it.Graphics aren't the best, but look quite decent within dungeons (where you'll spent most of your time). I like the combat system, especially that you get the feeling of being in control and making good decisions without having to spent ages learning stats of weapons and spells. Almost 10 hours in, combat is still fun and I haven't encountered any frustrating difficulty spikes yet (although I faced some challenges).The story is rather weak, but then again, you're here for the dungeon crawl.I'm not a veteran MM player, but after MMX I'll definitely look into some of the classic parts of the series."
76561198002206647,Recommended,238750,9261592,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,vigfus.omarsson,"I was a little sceptical of the grid-based navigation and relatively hardcore gameplay at first, but then I found myself very much addicted in the same way as I was with Lands of Lore and Dungeon Master. Those too young to have experienced those might find it an odd design choice, and it lacks a little of the convenience of modern games (you need to wander around town to get to stores, and find trainers yourself, etc) but it has a good minimap - that's the feature I can't live without, so I'm happy."
,Not Recommended,238750,9262236,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Vexink,Bought this game like a week ago and i still have not been able to even open it . It requires Uplay to be up inorder to play (that alone is dumb since its a single player game) but Uplay is ALWAYS unavable to connect so yeah $20 wasted cant even open the darn thing ...
,Recommended,238750,9262347,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Orv,"Other than the movement/keybind scheme being a bit awkward, this is an exceptional title... mixing old school gameplay with modern 3D graphics.4 out of 5 stars."
76561197972718105,Not Recommended,238750,9267896,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,pinkGrendel,A poorly made retro  reboot.
,Recommended,238750,9295344,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,cyberasta11,"MMXL is the perfect blend of RPG character building, relic hunting and tactical combat. The game has many character classes to choose from which makes for high replayability and keeps the game fresh. If you enjoy the character building and tactical combat in XCOM then you will absolutely love MMXL!"
,Recommended,238750,9296789,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,anywherenotes,"If you liked M&M 1-5, you'll enjoy this one. Excellent cure for nostalgia."
,Recommended,238750,9299525,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,The Fella©,"I'm more than 30 hours in and I have to say, I'm having a blast with this game. Yes, there are some issues with frame rate. yes, you have to use UPlay to launch the game. Those issues aside, however, this game is a fantastic romp into nostalgia land for some and a way to experience gameplay from some of the best RPGs of yesteryear.I am excited to see what they release for DLC or, God willing, later installments of the franchise."
76561198037856018,Recommended,238750,9304105,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Buggy,good old style game - difficult
,Recommended,238750,8939937,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,strannik,UBISOFT LIEDThey said that a MAC version would be available via steam on FULL RELEASE of the game.Check the proof in the description of the digital deluxe version of the game:http://web.archive.org/web/20131023043907/http://might-and-magic.ubi.com/mightandmagicx-legacy/en-GB/shop/index.aspx#Now they say that they just started to port the game and are not giving any time frames.UBISOFT LIES
76561198081984840,Not Recommended,238750,9237426,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Praios,"Linear, but pretends not to be. While a person has a choice, the static encounters (no respawn) do largely require certain levels/gear. The 'choice' to go where a person wants to go is false and numerous notes must be made to navigate where to go at later points. The game also doesn't display encounter level, making notes taken just reflect 'too hard at level 7' and the such. Being an older gamer I thought I'd enjoy the challenge of a turn-based RPG, but the game is much weaker than Might and Magic games released 10+ years ago. As an added negative, the game should run/load incredibly fast as it does not have fluid movement from AI programmed nasties like a majority of games nowadays; yet the programmers failed miserably and the game loads/lags well beyond what it should (a rough guess would be it runs at 5% of what it should comparing it to other graphically intense newly released games played on the same system with similiar settings. Finally, the game requires Uplay for the final 'gah' (run Steam to run Uplay to run Might and Magic 10).If you are immensely bored, find it for 99 cents or less, and a glutton for punishment buy it; otherwise get anything else."
,Not Recommended,238750,9241740,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,fenderflip,"THIS GAME IS NOT WORTH $25!I bought it and it just threw me to the wolves. Not only are the graphics poor when fully maxed out, but there is no guidance or indicators and I'm stuck wondering around with no idea what I'm supposed to be doing. I'm so tired of being told I can't go here and can't do this or that with no idea how to enable myself to access these areas.You'd think as simple as the game is, they'd at least label their maps or put markers and way-points on them.The last two or three hours I've played the game have been spent trying to move forward with no avail. I definitely feel like I just wasted $25.Save yourself the heartache and get Might and Magic: Duel of Champions, it's free and one of the best games I've ever played."
76561198030921407,Recommended,238750,9034293,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,leo,wonderful game. enjoyed it very much. remembers me of the good old times and the gameplay was as it should be.waiting for dlcs...or maybe wizardry 9. ;)the only thing i really hated was the uplay force! launching steam for starting uplay for playing the game? come on! stupid!!!
76561198007861599,Recommended,238750,9008281,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Triple Bill (Dom),"I love it and am completely addicted.  Does a great job at resurrecting the nostalgia of all the best aspects of the might and magic series.  very enjoyable!  spend some time really thinking through your character party, otherwise later in the game you may find it very difficult to progress."
76561198076566553,Not Recommended,238750,8951823,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,dragoncook1982,"Could have been a fun game. i was put off right away having to go through Uplay as well as steam. I start the game and i thought something was wrong cause there was no voices when i knew there should be. Well after a little bit of seaching they cut out features for the game to run on a 32bit system and the voice acting seems to been one of those features. During Act 1 the game randomly closes about every 30min but once in act 2 it closes evey 5 min making the game unplayable. Posting that it closes every 5 min on the forum only gets you a copy paste response. I did not buy this game to Beta test your ""finished"" game. This game is full of bugs, axed features ect it is very much a game still in beta being released as a full game to meet some stupid deadline so yet again we games get hit in the wallet for another POS game. Avoid this game"
,Recommended,238750,8957034,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,"AJ, Lord of Chaos","-Rewarding old-school experience--First impression-Starting off completely linear for the beginning hours and in the worst graphic setting regardless of card, MMX makes a terrible first impression but I'm glad I persisted - it improves a lot later (also changed the settings). After the second city the game opens up leaving you to choose which side quest to tackle or which way to go.-Battles-Like previous MMs high level enemies may lurk just around a corner and slaughter you so you save/reload a lot while exploring. Even the ""normal"" fights are challenging so if you want to play a cakewalk game this is not for you.Every battle turn you decide whether your PCs cast healing or an elemental shield or weaken the enemy armor, whether to attack or drink a potion. Also the tiles you stand on play a tactical role as you discover by dying to the second boss (yes you will die). Moving into a position where you get flanked can spell your doom and the harder battles have you flanked from all sides.-Other Gameplay-A lot of randomized loot to choose from. No hand-holding like respecing skills or warning if you enter a difficult area beside the ""dangerous caves"". No big spoilers on the automap or arrows pointing at your quest target.Bunch of secret loot caches to find, hidden treasure rooms and powerful relics just like in the past.Also riddle questions, switch, stepping and teleport puzzles and traps. Not always fun but mostly.Along the way you find elemental shards to place on a corresponding altar to trigger a boss fight. This gives you a useful ability like forestwalk, waterwalk or enemy awareness.PC-wise there are 4 races each with 3 exclusive classes (might/magic/hybrid) = 12 classes and seven schools of magic. You only have 2 male and 2 female portraits per race which is rather lazy. You choose 4 dudes for your party. Depending on class you can either not learn a skill at all or expert/master/grandmaster it like the berserker can master ""axe skill"" and grand-master ""spear skill"" but can not learn ""sword"" or ""dagger"" or ""heavy armor"".-Legacy-MMX plays unlike the previous MMs, mostly feels like Wizardry8 meets Worlds of Xeen. It features a lot of easter eggs like a girl who wants to go to the circus like that Nicolai(?) from MM6 or a poem about the destroyer from MM9. Also characters reappear and the shrines to visit on a certain day. Sadly no insta-death fountains anymore.I feel it's a worthy entry to the M&M-franchise which appeared all but finished after the ill-received MM9 and frankly I'm glad they're back.I can recommend this game for fans of complex party-turn-based RPG-games as of old or any RPG-fan who likes a challenge as the game is really entertaining and there is a lot to do and to explore."
76561197988585253,Recommended,238750,9025326,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,mech,"A surprisingly good sequel to a classic game series, quite unexpected from Ubisoft to be honest. Just don't expect a cutscene-heavy, ""cinematic"" RPG, MMX is pure gameplay with a very basic story, but a nice balance between open-world exploration and turn-based combat, tons of dungeons, creatures and powerful items to find.This is one of those games that gets the character progression just right - you feel really helpless in the beginning, struggling to kill a bunch of wolves without someone dying, and the game stays difficult until the end (on warrior difficulty), but in the end, once your characters have earned their promotions and have got grandmaster ranks, they finally begin to feel powerful, annihilating hordes of monsters with a few spells, which feels really satisfying.One thing that I didn't like about the combat mechanics was that once you enter melee range there is no way to move around, and no way whatsoever to escape from a bad encounter. Because there is a lot of exploration involved, and because even the starting area contains some creatures that are unbeatable until much later, this results in frequent save/load abuse. Scripted ""trapped"" chests or doors that cause enemies to spawn behind your back are also quite lame for the same reason, thankfully there are not too many of those."
76561198015160347,Recommended,238750,9052689,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,dylanwitwer,This game is glitch filled for steam users DO NOT BUY . The authorization code does not work between steam and might and magic x . you will not get past their Demo version....
76561198050520793,Recommended,238750,9088973,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,0v3rm1nD,"When I finally decided to buy this game, I was a little bit wary having read a lot of mixed critics and user reviews. I believe Might & Magic X is a great game (considering also its low budget), and a worthy successor to the older ones of the series. The gameplay still remains very addictive, true to its roots and personally, I find the graphics pretty good considering that high - end visual results is not something you are looking for in a game like this. If you are a fan of the Might & Magic universe (or the good old turn-based RPGs) you really have to try this one. If not... this is your chance people! This game is really worth it! ;)P.S. I really enjoyed Legend of Grimrock, but I think its not fair to compare it to Might and Magic X having in mind that the combat system in LoG is actually real-time. I believe LoG and M&M X are two very different games, both really great and worth playing!"
76561197986001357,Recommended,238750,9003696,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,sasa,"Started with early access. Played chapter one, was not impressed at all.This final release however is surprisingly good. Looks like developers listened to the comments and followed up most of them. It really has original Might and Magic feel with long-playing quests you strarts on level 1 and fnish near the end of the game, water walking abilities, hints of interstellar adventure etc.Uplay sucks, of course, but after initial installation it was fairly transparent."
,Recommended,238750,8961015,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,zellerburger,"Pros:Might and Magicold school rpgthere are dungeons and puzzlesCons:UNITY - forget it next time, makes poor performanceshort, it needs a ton of dlc to make decent gameplay timestatic game world - a lot of nice enviroment (stores, people, books, shelves and more), but most of it is unusable, for me its the biggest hurt.lore and npcs are shallow just like in mm9Conclusion: Good, fun, but next time please, put lot more money and make own engine or license a proper one. And hire a bunch of dedicated writers to make worthy LORE for the whole MM franchise"
76561197971077532,Recommended,238750,8962922,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Johnny Got His Gun,"Love the old-school feel akin to World of Xeen or earlier titles.I am having a ton of fun.The game is still a tad buggy.  Here's 2 pro-tips:1)  Don't rely on your QUICK SAVE or AUTO SAVE.  Use the regular save function frequently!2)  For the love of God, do NOT use the Travel spell or you will likely break your game."
,Not Recommended,238750,9021005,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,AlKhan,"Disappointment.This game hasnt what is called ""M&M spirit"". Too boring, narrow-minded and simple. Its not a M&M6-9 series: in Legacy you havent find large territory, tactitcs, flying spell and so on. Its not M&M3-5 series: Legacy doesnt have their atmosphere and plot.As a fan of M&M games i recommend not to buy it. It is fake."
76561198026907476,Recommended,238750,9023502,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,maegr,Fantastic. I love this game. It's buggy but that can and will be fixed.
,Recommended,238750,8985797,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Hector,so noctalgic
76561198046029094,Recommended,238750,9065395,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Frankfox,"If you played the older versions you will love this.  I've played since Beta and have had fun with it.  It stays difficult up until the end although if you get stuck, check the forums for help"
76561198071338272,Recommended,238750,9044191,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Cerbíal,Awesome game with a few major bugs but still a thoroughly enjoyable turn based strategy game. Well worth playing at least once.
76561198035594613,Not Recommended,238750,9061508,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Morokei Smoliin,"Has pleanty of glitches, terrible game formatting and graphics to be expected of a game 8 years ago. I would pay a vouple of bucks theses days for a game like this.Save your time and money do not buy!Was a huge fan of the series but this is turning into another organisation just after your money."
76561198028430203,Recommended,238750,8884839,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,faaith,I really like this. Takes me back to my youth playing these games all night long! :) It is a really nice continuation to the series and i'm glad to see they stayed to there old school roots. :)
,Recommended,238750,8885088,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,GDwarf,"Solid, but not exceptional.I'm a huge fan of Might and Magic IV and V, which Legacy is heavily inspired by. Indeed, in many ways this is almost MMIV/V with 3D graphics, and more text.That said, while MMX is definitely fun, it lacks the sense of humour and scale of its predecessors. MMIV/V had you exploring an entire planet, while Legacy keeps you on a single archapeligo. Despite the fact that there's still lots to explore, this does make everything feel oddly cramped. While the cities in X are about as far apart as those in IV and V, they feel much closer (and there's fewer of 'em). It's a minor issue, really, but it kinda sums up the game: The same as what came before, but somehow cramped.As for the style: The old Might and Magic games didn't take themselves at all seriously. Well over 3/4 of the people you talk to were jokes. X is much more serious. It certainly has jokes, but there are fewer of them, replaced with lots of text. Usually I love lots of text in games, but here there are so many characters and factions to keep track of (and it definitely helps to have played Heroes VI by the same devs and set in the same world) that it becomes hard to really care about them, which is a shame, because the actual plot has loads of potential.All-in-all, it's a buy if you like games such as Legend of Grimrock (though that's real time to MMX's turn based), Etrian Odyssey, or the old Might and Magic titles, then it's well worth a buy. If the idea of slowly working your way through a dungeon where one bad decision or unlucky chance can doom you, then this ain't for you."
76561197983896007,Recommended,238750,8886025,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,PurpleNurpleSkurpleTurple,"its a great game honestly, graphics are nice and im enjoying it so far, worth every penny and then some, hopefully some expansions will come and make this little game a fantastic adventure"
76561197972621863,Recommended,238750,8886264,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Zerragon,"This game is seriously recommended if youre a fan of old school RPGs like M&M 3, 4 and 5.Its a very hard game to put down and go to bed at a proper time. You just have to ""check a little bit more"", or ""run back to town to identify the new relic you found"".The class and race system is nice, and you have alot of customization options for your characters.Its a challenging game, making you value every gold you get and force you to prioritize what to invest in.At least on Warrior difficulty this gives a good old hard game feeling.It seems to have decent length. Ive played maybe 15-20 hours on this playthrough,and Im not halfway yet. Just finished Act 2, and I have a bunch of sidequests to do as well.There are some rough edges, balance issues and a little too much ""run back to town"", but overall they fade awayfrom the fact that this game is a little gem for us old school RPG lovers, enjoy :)"
,Not Recommended,238750,8887181,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,antony_lee,It is 32-bit application and lagg
76561197983108861,Not Recommended,238750,8887615,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Perma Envy,How is this even a featured item? in the time of a graphics card capable of processing 8gb this just looks like♥♥♥♥♥♥ and the story telling ... man i got bored after the 3rd person ... it's so oblivious and generic i almost puked myself ... i've never felt so bad for 25 euro's ruined and the time i wasted on this is even more depressing.DONT BUY THIS GAME FOLKS!!!
76561198022081225,Recommended,238750,8887778,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Huanglukuzhu,I have to recommand this game. It brings everything back from MM3-MM5.
,Recommended,238750,8888210,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Vlad,"Very enjoyable RPG,High quality 2D art, unfortunately can't say the same for the 3D art. Music is alright and special effect sound are not annoying.The games has an enjoyable way to develop your 4 characters. Due to a wide range available spells, magic characters are somewhat more interesting than melee characters.Unfortunately the game is somewhat buggy, but inside a forgivable range. Loading times are very slow, which requires developer's attention. Journal/Quest system is not very clear, sometimes it’s very hard to find your way around the quest.I defiantly recommend this game for players which enjoy old-school RPG games and love to build a character with items and skills. I give this game 8/10 points, due to long loading times and some minor bugs which can be easily addressed in the near future.-Vlad"
76561197970536647,Not Recommended,238750,8888725,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,gfdublin,"Yikes. Be sure you know what you are buying even if it is only $25.This is not just retro, it’s a trip back to the computer seventies. Movement is a square at a time. You are limited to the checkerboard regardless of what the picture looks like. Want your team to run off in a diagonal direction? Then get ready for a steady stream of left turn, forward, right turn, forward, left turn, forward, right turn, forward, etc.The enviroment is simply a desktop background. You can interact with very little that you see. There are no in-game physics. I don’t find this an immersive game play experience.There is some voice but mostly you will be reading lines. Team comments are limited, my team said “I think they smelled us, who hasn’t taken a bath?” at least 8 times in the 5 hours I've played. I’m not sure how much more of that I can take.Once an enemy is in sight you are most likely to become “engaged in combat.”   When you are in combat you cannot move, except to spin in place; and you cannot run away, a tactic that would be handy to use when you bump into an enemy too far advanced to handle early in the game.Not a deal breaker but another irritating thing about the new release is that you can't position your characters where you want in a formation. You can move them in the lineup but there is no overhead view or choice of formation. As far as I can tell, they are standing in a line.I loved the M&M series and looked forward to playing this with friends but I soon realized this is not the way I remember M&M.  With games like Skyrim, FarCry 3, Dead Island Riptide, M&MX is just too ancient to enjoy. I would have much preferred to see an M & M updated to accommodate free movement, an interactive environment and game physics like Skyrim et al. Such a game would have been interesting and I would have stood in line to plunk down $60 to play it."
76561198011706466,Not Recommended,238750,8942998,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,db6208,"bought it and could not even get passed the UBPlay login. I have no idea what is going on. It keeps saying i need to log online at least once, but i had logged in online numerous times already yet still can't get it. Graphics and demo look great but what good of a game if you can't get in to play it. I am going to contest the charge on my credit card and try to get my money back. Very disappointed."
76561197970114700,Recommended,238750,8943656,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Rabbid Peach,"Just a heads up.  IF you run 64 bit OS, google for how to change the textures via the option64 document in your my documents.  The textures default to lowest and theres no way to change them (that I know of) without editing the document.  cleared the first dungeon adn i wondered why the textures were so♥♥♥♥♥ugly, but I dealt with it.  Did that change and now the game is much, much, much better.  Cheers."
,Recommended,238750,8943874,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Forgetful Brain,"Temper your expectations, and you might enjoy this game. First off, don't think the screenshots on the store page are how it actually looks - I went in thinking it would be a gorgeous dungeon crawler and was severely let down. The game is actually quite hideous, and often looks about ten years too old. Inexplicably, it's also already a frontrunner for the worst optimized game of 2014. It doesn't matter how good your computer is - it will sound like it's about to blast off into space, and the game will chug and chop as you play. It's a shame too, because past all that the game offers quite an enjoyable old-school romp. Gone are the days of free roaming. This is a turn-based first-person RPG on a grid. The story is Fantasy 101, and hardcore fans of the Might and Magic series will probably get more out of it than everyone else. If you're like me, you'll skip the awful NPC dialogue and bash your head against your desk the 100th time your mercenary says, ""Looks like they smelled us - who forgot to take a bath?"" Still, there's some definite satisfaction out of exploring the map, finding legendary artifacts, and encountering enemies that will kill you in one hit (only to come back and faceroll them later on). The game will run around 40 - 60 hours if you want to do all the sidequests. Grab when it's $5 if you're looking for a blast of dungeon-crawling nostalgia - just don't expect it to be a polished or particularly original experience."
76561198011736291,Recommended,238750,8945391,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,DanK,"In its own right this is a great game. i had previously played M&M 6,7,and 8, and the game is slightly different from what i had expected. that being said i feel ubisoft did a top notch job on this game. if you enjoyed legend of grimmrock but while playing said ""i want to explore outside"" then this is the game for you. It is far more detailed and refined than grimmrock, and although M&M X isn't without its flaws it is definitely worth every cent."
76561198020656048,Recommended,238750,8948178,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Clawplach32,"I'll preface this by saying this review is indicative of the full game experience (NOT just early access like most of these reviews seem to be for).  I'm a long time Might and Magic fan (yes, that includes the ones before VI!) and from a gameplay standpoint it most certainly delivers.  Here's a quick rundown of the good and bad.BAD-The game is saddled with the dreaded UPlay.  The servers are all over the place (not quite Origin levels) which can be a pain or can be painless depending on which way the wind blows.  That also means the game has some unlockables and achievements and the like, but all accessed through the UPlay client.-The game is buggy as hell.  After several months of 'early access' I expected it to be a little more polished.  It never reaches HOMM6 levels of ridiculousness, and I never had any game-breaking bugs, but there are a lot of graphical glitches and other interesting things that will be seen from even the most powerful machines.-There seems to be some content either missing and/or unfinished in the final product.  I won't spoil anything here but a look at the UPlay achievements indicates a lot of inaccessible material.-Enemies do not respawn and there is no 'respec' option, so it is not completely out of the realm of possibility to paint yourself into a corner.GOOD-Extremely solid and (mostly) fair turn-based combat.  There are a few too many battles that are initiated with enemies spawning on all sides of you, but once you learn to expect it you can get in to most fights fully buffed.-Varied party options and a great deal of spells and skills to take advantage of.  As with all RPGs some are *far* more useful than others but once you nail down a balanced team you can start blasting through monsters with gusto.-Fantastic voice acting and dialogue.  Story sequences are sparse but enjoyable.  The music is also great but sometimes will 'disappear' for long stretches (possibly a bug).-Lengthy quest and a lot of side material.  Doing all the available quests for a party of 4 different classes and exploring the entire world took around 40+ hours for me.-Several callbacks to earlier Might and Magic (as well as Heroes of Might and Magic) installments that will make you miss New World Computing.Overall I very much enjoyed my time with M&MX-Legacy.  Any fans of the early series (1-3 and especially Xeen) will find a lot to like here.  For the rest of you with a passing interest I would advise waiting until either some bug fixes hit or a steam sale to take the plunge."
,Recommended,238750,8948368,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Azradesh,"To true return to RPG goodness. Party make up matters, stat allocation matters, skill choices matter; you actually need to think a little.It's might not be much to look at but this is my favourite game of the last 10 years."
,Recommended,238750,8949443,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,n1ckn4m3,"Good throwback to the grid based Might and Magic games like 3, 4, 5 (Isles of Terra, Clouds of Xeen/Darkside of Xeen).  Not the most well optimized game -- it doesn't look extremely good, but it will *bury* a GTX 580 -- when entering shops, my GPU fan shoots to 100% and the card temp goes to 90-95C.  Fairly widespread issue but no acknowledgement from the vendor on their forums.In any case, the game is good -- the story is mindless and may as well be non-existant, unfortunately, but the gameplay is pretty much classic MM.  The smaller party size makes things slightly more strategic as your margin of error has decreased notably, which also helps to contribute to an overall greater difficulty level than the previous.I hope they fix the optimization problems, it's silly that a game that looks like this can load my GPU in ways that Crysis 3 and Far Cry 3 don't, but even if they don't, if you liked the grid / turn based Might and Magic games, this is an easy $25 to spend."
,Recommended,238750,9122416,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Bob Bobberson,"Syrim, eat your heart out."
,Recommended,238750,9124587,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Silent_Ken,"Old school, grindy but good. Think it's going for a tenner which is fair. Still slightly buggy in February, but not unplayable."
,Recommended,238750,9125642,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,KaiZerCat,"THIS IS M&M ! Wonderful game, but like everyone says, its less complete than the previous ones, but its been a long time since no game like these came out of development studios !Definitely worth buying, even if main quest is quite short, they are tons of subquests. For M&M veteran, Warrior mode will add a good difficulty by increasing mobs HP & stats but also by increasing costs of items / repair etc.But like many M&M players, i feel that the grid-movment system is kinda wrong with an open world RPG like this even if we get accustomed to this really fast (Speaking of grid based movment, I really enjoyed Legends of Grimmrock in which, I think, it's more suitable than in this episode of M&M).Last words, WE WANT MORE OF THIS. MORE MORE MORE. PLS. :D"
76561198029344620,Not Recommended,238750,8866894,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Drem,"as much as i love the M&M series, I can't give a thumbs up to a game that is completely inaccessible due to Uplay DRM. as far as  the actualy game, lol, i have no idea, haven't been able to play."
,Recommended,238750,8866924,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,RoleplayeR,"First of all: ♥♥♥♥ uplay.I seriously hate this godawful ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t excuse of a software as much I hate ""origin"". And that says much.I guess cloud synchronizing save-game files is just too much of a feature to ask these days, huh? Just delete that♥♥♥♥♥♥and do it properly in Steam along with everything else instead of trying to push your useless subpar piece of software.Now, to the game:It's incredible. I love it to pieces, 24 hours in I am nowhere near final stages of the game it seems. If you liked Classic M&M - you will like this most likely. It does stray from some of the canons of 6-8, sometimes back to the roots, sometimes just keeping in tune with current-gen design practices. But the main - the feel of M&M is there, and it's gorgeous. I wouldn't try to compare it to Legend of Grimrock (though the comparisons really jumps to mind), because essentially the things that are great about this game are non-existent in LoG (Lore, colorful world, variety of characters, skills and systems) and vise a versa the things that made LoG great are a bit on the sidelines here (secrets are a plainer system, puzzles are not that convoluted, combat system not dynamic at all (it's actually Turn-based here), I would even say the graphics were a bit more spot on in LoG.Nevertheless, If you have waited for this game: buy it now, you will not regret it.If you haven't waited for this game: check out the videos to see if it's something that you might enjoy and probably give MM 6/8 a whirl first before picking this up, because that's an immortal cllassic. I cannot fully say this one is too, because I do see some problems with it. I guess 50 hours later I'll see! =)"
,Recommended,238750,8867151,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Antic,"Brilliant! Deliciously difficult, sweet complex character development. What is there not to like?"
,Recommended,238750,8867452,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,xent,"Its a very nice game in its series, got tons of lore and gives an old school feeling will playing. It allso gives a nice challenge where you have to get famillair with your characters skills so you can overcome some hard battles. With that said there is a voice of warning for all how want to buy this game, this isn't a mindless hack and slash game and there is some thinking ahead involved where you have to make you self familiar with the mecanics of the game your parties skills and abilities. Other then that they have created a nice use of turn base where like in chess you can think ahead with your moves."
76561197993061405,Recommended,238750,8868173,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,tiaguerazortea,"Basically if you liked the othet Might and Magic games you going to like this one. I do not regret having bough itPros* The game is fun in general.* The classes are cool.* Fights are tense and interesting.* Choosing where to spend you money, skills and atributes have a major impact in the fights outcome.* The game is quite challenging in the Warrior difficulty.Cons* The map needs a major UI overhaul. It is so hard to even understand it, there is no information whatsoever of what you visited, you have to create a note on top of every single thing.* You are forced to create an Uplay account and it has to be open all the time, such an annoyance.* Its hard to protect your casters as every enemy attack have a random roll on who it will hit. Taunt doesnt help much as it has a mana cost at each turn and can be blocked/dodged.* No information about what is the chance of block, parry and dodge of the enemies, seems QUITE high."
76561197968324982,Recommended,238750,8869484,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,cdlam13,WHY WOULD YOU RELEASE AN UNFINISHED GAME?? GIVE ME ACCESS TO THE REST OF THE GAME. CAPS LOCK.
76561198015220651,Recommended,238750,8870574,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,meeelting,"Great game! Solid 4/5, and it'd be a 5 if it wasnt for Uplay. The sooner its gone the better!"
76561197969714655,Recommended,238750,8870620,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,nausea64,Very cool about time they brought some classic Might and Magic!!!
76561197971800011,Recommended,238750,8870891,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Paladinistic,"So you want to play a retro game? Remember a few things about the past games first. The difficulty level will be ramped up, there will be no hand holding, you will have to think not click past fights. No NPC with explanation points, its trial and error and dialog trees to get quests. Long time burns to go from place to place with unfair fights that you have to avoid for a while then come back to when you level up.This is the core of the original games and its a fresh breeze of awesomeness. So many new games are click fests, afraid to make the game too difficult for people. Not here, its not Dark Souls but it is very much Might and Magic. It will be a bit too hard for the average ADD click kid but if you have a level head and are willing to learn and grow with a game this will be your ticket. It has flaws still but forgivable flaws. My guess is in just a few months this should be a well polished game that will no doubt make me happy for quite a while."
76561198031657335,Not Recommended,238750,8871111,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Tinguran,"Disappointing game... I'm a fan of the series but this iteration falls flat.  Quest information does not help much.  Paper dolls don't change with class promotion so there is little feeling of change even though for the char they did a major mile stone.  No respawn of monsters.  Finally story is boring no sense of purpose.  Very crappy that the early access crew paid more than the release cost, I assume sales knew they had a flop.  Wait for the price to hit less than 10 then play this game when nothing else is out."
76561198068083426,Recommended,238750,8872440,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Malkin,"Solid re-imagining of the older might and magic games. Think 3 &4. Fun time with a old school difficulty level. Hope this does well, and would rather see a nice open world free roaming game like 6 for the next one."
76561198003241250,Not Recommended,238750,8872660,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,fatknacker46,"32 Bit user,dont bother with this game.After having it run with all the bells and whistles working prior to release,the so called ""Devs"" have crippled the Graphics and Sounds for us after release for some BS reason...Very dissapointing."
76561198029007199,Recommended,238750,8873043,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,J666,A must-have for players of old-school dungeon and classic RPGs. I've finished Act I and enjoyed the game so far and can't wait to play more.
,Recommended,238750,8873636,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,CONYAK,Great if you are a fan of the M&M World of Xeen ect..
76561197982729599,Recommended,238750,8873902,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,PocketParasite,Pure Oldschool sweetness! Not much has changed but in this case thats a good thing! I can't stop playing!
76561197971730122,Not Recommended,238750,8893661,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,jaremi76,"I'm already furious at this game and I havn't even played 1 second yet.  All because of Uplay.  I know people ♥♥♥♥♥ about it all the time but I was bored with other games and wanted to give this one a try.  But guess what... I can't play it because I can't log in Uplay for some reason.  I can log in online using their website for some reason, but when I run the game and it asks me for the same email and password i used to log in online, it will not work and says it must be my internet connection.   It suggests I use offline mode, which i try, and it says I have to at least login online once first!   To make things worse, I try to contact support  and write this all out and when i go to send it, an error occurs.  Just fantastic."
76561197977691503,Recommended,238750,8894838,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Nostrodamaz,This game is awesome....
,Recommended,238750,8895557,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,NorthStar,"A great old-school RPG. If you grew up on classics like Lands of Lore, Anvil of Dawn, and the older Might and Magic (Xeen) games, you'll love this. This is pretty much what I was hoping Legend of Grimrock would be,"
76561197991092290,Recommended,238750,8896144,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Chimpster,"O man. 55 hours and I just beat this beast. It's not a perfect game but is it worth the price tag? Hell yes. On normal, theres a hump in Act 2, and by the end it's a little too easy, but It's highly enjoyable. If you like RPG's, buy this game. It's not boring at all besides some of the world map navigation. Combat is a blast, leveling up is fun, some of your gear even levels with you. Minor complaints only. World map can be tedious and confusing and some quests are vauge, but they are supposed to be b/c it's ""old school"". Buy this game. Now. Don't wait. Support this. Enjoy this!"
76561198049582046,Not Recommended,238750,8899229,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,szech1979,"I'm currently playing the full release.Pros:-Interesting update on the ""old school"" first-person step-based RPGs-Wide range of character classes and party customisation-Good tactical combat systemCons:-Mediocre graphics and ""generic"" world design - hardly has any of the charm of classic MM games; note the recommendation to play at minimum settings in order not to experience low framerate (which happens often)-Full of bugs and frequent crashes (my game crashed literally every 2 minutes in Act 2)-Despite the ""open world"" concept - in reality I found the game rather linearSuggest to purchase the game ONLY when more technical support and patches are available. Hardly lives up to the Might and Magic legacy though."
76561197976510474,Not Recommended,238750,8915053,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Volcanoris,"This game has some potential, but the irritating design choices overwhelm that potential in my mind.First off, ""open world"" this game is not.  You have exactly one direction you can go through the first town, you can't even leave town without finishing a railroad quest, unless I missed something.  And even after leaving your world is made up of ""you can go to X different dungeons, but X-1 of them will kill you instantly"" so you really just have the illusion of choice.  Maybe it opens up past the first region, but if you have to get that far in to a game for it to be open world, it isn't.This railroading leads to the biggest issue I have compared to the old games, party composition.  I'm sure some dedicated players will be able to prove me wrong but I honestly don't feel like most party combinations will be viable in this game because of the mission you have to do before leaving town.  In the old games you could run a full ranged party and soften things up enough before they get to you if you were willing to accept that sometimes you don't soften them up enough and you get stomped.  This game doesn't seem to make that an option since there is no way to skip the first dungeon and it railroads you in to melees without the chance for an opening volley.  And that's not even considering the spells you have to run if you want to be able to explore everything.  Don't have a good coverage of the spell schools?  Prepare to miss a lot or use a guide.Even with these issues aside the mechanics just don't feel like they're there.  Outside of your weapons skills skill increases just don't seem to do much. For instance, armor skills reduce your penalty to wear armor, so if you've already negated the penalty it's just a waste of a point to put them there until you find the trainer or better armor. Unlike the old games you can't increase skills past a certain point without finding a trainer, so you end up maxing out your barbarian's mace and two-hander skills and then just throwing points into other things at random, or saving them until you can find the trainers, making your progression slam in to a wall.  Battles are just slug fests with both sides having what feels like high chances to block or dodge, which makes poison especially irritating since there's no, apparent, way to resist it and you can go three turns without anybody hitting someone if you're unlucky.  Any sort of incapacitation keeps that character from gaining XP, yes, even stun, so you find yourself stalling a battle so your tank will wake up and gain XP from the kill, only for the mage to get stunned and you to have to wait again.Overall there are just too many little issues that build up to make this game not fun, and there are too many games out there to waste time on one that's frustrating and not fun.  I feel bad for Limbic but hopefully this game got enough attention that Ubisoft will get someone that knows what they're doing, and has at least played a Might and Magic game before, for another attempt, because this could have been good."
76561198060938223,Recommended,238750,8906808,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,sundershane1998,awesomsauce!!!!!! old school supreme!!!
76561198000464261,Recommended,238750,8917471,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,=CKA= Goatbeard,"Loved this game! Pretty much played it straight through, without taking a break to play something else. That's a big complement if you knew how many games I play. Took me right back to the 90s, and World of Xeen. Love the ending, with it's written little epilogues for some of the quests you've completed! Can't wait for the DLC."
76561198020521632,Not Recommended,238750,8917563,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Captain Dave Token Kàzmér,"Game code is pure crap.There are serious bugs in the storyline that make it impossible to finish the game.Very dissapointed,... I feel like they just stole my money."
76561197998455554,Recommended,238750,8918087,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Oldmanfang,Meh... Game is ok.
,Recommended,238750,8918227,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Elvoc,"Excellent old school turn based combat style RPG, lots of hours of play time, I have put in almost 20 hours and I am only in Act 2. The characters are customizable and the gameplay is lots of fun.A definite must if you use to love games like Wizardry...."
76561198038288976,Not Recommended,238750,8919433,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Makin Bacon,I have played hundreds of games and this game is terable for $30! i would maybe pay 10 for this low quality game.
76561198052385145,Recommended,238750,8921817,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,danieltoombs,"Excellent game. Well worth the money.  Takes a while to get used to the old-school gameplay, but then you are hooked.  Just kept getting better and better.  Prepare for many late-night gaming sessions"
,Not Recommended,238750,8922098,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Stitch,"If you enjoyed the old Might & Magic games, this is OK for a couple of hours, but once the nostalgia wears off, there's not much reason to keep playing.  The format is very dated compared to modern role-playing games, and other than updated graphics, this is backwards step compared to the older games - it's much smaller and simpler, and missing many of the features that made the series interesting (e.g. potion mixing, arcomage card game).  Movement is constrained to a fixed grid and real-time play has been completely removed.  Combat locks you in place, and you can get a wide range of difficulty of monsters in a small area, so it's easy to find yourself up against something you can't beat with no means of running away.I bought the version that comes with a copy of M&M VI, and it says a lot that I've spent far more time playing that!"
,Not Recommended,238750,8925045,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Keitha,"I've played bad games,  but never one where being bad is an art.The art would have been good, 20 years ago, but it is now beyond shame.Few class, few races, even fewer choices, what the hell is supposed to keep the player playing?"
76561198061810217,Not Recommended,238750,8866832,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,wardonger,"so, i will start off by saying, i REALLY enjoy this game. it's fun, it's a pretty good ""oldschool"" RPG, and it seems like there's a lot of content to keep you busy (i'm on act III).  if you do not have patience for games that are technical failures, because this game is just that, i recommend you save your money. it runs TERRIBLY on a high end pc with 4gb of video memory and looks kinda bad. frame stuttering, crashing due to moving too fast on the terrain, the worst popins you've probably EVER seen in a game, horrid sound issues (music keeps overlapping for some damn reason, combat sounds cut out randomly), among other random things. because this game was ""Released"" in such a techinically poor state, i cannot recommend this to the average consumer! companies releasing games in this state is becoming a trend and we shouldn't support it. don't buy this game."
76561197993463867,Not Recommended,238750,9132543,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,james.r.neal,"Was a really fun retro CRPG, exactly the game it was advertised as, for a couple of days, and then I got to the part after which a big is triggered that makes the game crash to desktop every 2-5 minutes. Making it basically unplayable past that point. I've looked on the web and apparently this is an extremely common bug (in that a lot of people playing this game get it) and there's no workaround. I strongly recommend against buying it because basically the game will be ripped out of your hands just as you're starting to really get into it, which is a lot worse than paying $20 and then getting no game at all."
,Recommended,238750,9133758,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Maciej Medyk,"Might and Magic X was a good game. I picked it up at full price as I played and completed all MM6, MM7, MM8, and MM9. I was a bit skeptical about this game, but as I started playing I could not leave it alone. I do have to admit that map is very small compared to previous games and graphical performance is not opimized as I have GTX 680 with 4gb of RAM and I see frame drops. Thats bad. Game is very playable and enjoyable and I belive every fan of Might and Magic should give it a try. I enjoyed final boss strategy. Great game, just needs more content and optimatization."
,Recommended,238750,9136377,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,karadiska,"Jogaço. RPG vintage estilo os RPG de computador da década de 90. Basicamente é o já conhecido Heroes of might and magic, mas em primeira pessoa. Estou no momento com 64 HORAS de jogo e estou um pouco mais da METADE do game. Se vc sentia saudades dos rpgs antigos de computador e um nível de dificuldade hardcore, vale a pena a compra. E claro, é um mergulho de cabeça no mundo do Heroes... se vc curte a série, vai curtir ainda mais."
,Recommended,238750,9138043,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Foxreaver,Под пивко потянет
,Recommended,238750,9063491,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Patient Mango,"Old-School structure, resembles the earliest M&M games. Decent. 7/10"
,Recommended,238750,9063543,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Eppiox,"Really enjoyed it, I want more of it!Early on combat was unforgiving but once your party grows you understand what you need to get by in battle.I enjoyed finding lore that ties into the rest of the might & magic world.If you enjoyed the older might n magic games, i'd say you would enjoy this also."
76561198134136510,Recommended,238750,10260093,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,swanlefitte,It says I have played for 46 minutes on my steam account. In fact I have spent over 3 hours just trying to recover my password. I spent my money on what I thought would be a game and instead found out I spent it to try to play the game. Steam has left me jumping through hoops to get back to the point where I am able to jump through hoops. They have my money for a game I will never be able to play or I will have to spend a week of work just to play it.If you want to not play this game then purchase it. But if you don't want to deal with this torture not to play the game then don't.
76561198007075700,Recommended,238750,10158441,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,NatsuGG,Love it :)
,Recommended,238750,10159044,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Mimimor,good old school feeling of remembrance
76561198011735358,Recommended,238750,10163104,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Shant1993,"Great game.The turn based system is a bit annoying if you're a fan of M&M6 and up, once you get used to it tho it gets smooth."
76561198017425718,Recommended,238750,10375917,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Sluggeto,"I'm a fan of this type of game, Dungeon Master, Bloodwych, Might & Magic series and Grimlock to name a few, with that in mind I give it a thumbs up. Surprising visuals, decent sound, difficulty is good, and it certainly has the old school feel. There are still a few problems, most are harmless, but a few, like not knowing when a piece of equipment is about to fail, causing a long walk back to repair can certainly be annoying. Worth the price, bonuses offered for time played and achievements from Uplay giving some incentive to play."
76561198080252730,Recommended,238750,15862446,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Snowtops,"I had lots of fun playing this, that being said its not for everyone"
76561197991942615,Recommended,238750,16195560,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Faray,"Pretty good game, some people hate the grid based movement but I liked it. Enough classes to keep it interesting and the combat flows pretty well. The story is pretty meh, and you need uplay to run it (A mega flaw), but otherwise fairly decent."
76561198062882712,Recommended,238750,16121078,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,wizzzard,"All in all I liked this Game.A mix of small puzzles and Combat.Most things are good but there could have been some more spells, and monsters.I hope there will be more in this series."
,Recommended,238750,16142066,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Malio,"If you're a fan of the genre, and/or the Might & Magic games specifically, you will enjoy it.  It's not the best in the series, but it's not the worst either.  I'm very surprised (and delighted!) this game even got made!That being said, it's rough around the edges.  Real rough.  Screen tearing, poor optimization, it just generally runs like crap.  But, it's new Might & Magic and I'm glad it exists.  Hopefully, if we get another one, Ubisuck will address the problems with this one, including the god-awful uPlay which you need to play the game."
76561197974250986,Recommended,238750,15367499,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,edub101,"Excellent, classic party-based RPG.  A bit short for a Might and Magic game, but the price is fair.  I hope we see a followup."
,Not Recommended,238750,15084213,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,bandlagant,City Connection
,Recommended,238750,15027293,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Bacardi,"It saddens me that this game was frowned upon by gamers. Because it is actually good. For me M&M-X looks like a large priceless ruby with small flaws and dents here and there.Yes, it has filthy Uplay, but once you set it up it won't bother you much.Game has minor bugs and glitches, but nothing gamebreaking so far.It degrades performance after a few hours of gameplay.It will have slowdowns when you pass through borders between locations with different objects (ex. From Plains to Forest), and poor performance in some locations like magic forest and jungle.I don't have CtDs, or other stability issues.Game has beautiful graphics and looks very nice. It also has pretty balanced and satisfying gameplay.Barks of your characters were poorly done and feels like a result of lazy work.Puzzles are somewhat easy to solve. Nothing too complex.I can't remember a single RPG from the past that hadn't some bugs in it. For an example: There were bugs in Ultima 8: Pagan, and in both Ultima Underworld games, but they still were great games because of gameplay.If you like this gameplay style and look and feel of RPGs from the past, then buy M&M-X on sale for a few bucks like I did. Game deserves to be played alongside with Legend of Grimrock 1 and 2."
76561197960673988,Recommended,238750,15131962,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Argent,"I bought this game on a steam sale. I've played some of the old games and to me this lived up to those old ones, just updated."
,Recommended,238750,15241054,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,ConaN,"This game is quite a mixed bag,the positives:its bighas many different enemiesgood looking dungeonschallenging fights (some could be called unfair)-----the bad:- you can gimp your party badly if you dont have proper magic users (I recommend having a heal druid and a fire runepriest, they should be able to carry the whole party thru the game)- the whole secret walls thing is very simplistic and all or nothing (dark magic, follower, quest reward are the only way to find em)- only the relic items are interesting and with the exception of items giving you immunities to various crippling effects, the rest of the equipment simply cant compete with immunitiesoverall I can recommend it to players that played similar games 20-25 years ago"
76561197998968957,Recommended,238750,15001762,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Moon,"This is a really good game! I just completed it and sad it's over - had a blast! It was a fantastic adventure. I would particularly like to mention the music and environmental effects - really nice!Yes, it is definitely old school and captures that feeling well. That said, new generation RPG gamers might not appreciate it as much. The combat is difficult and requires some thought - pay attention to enemy buffs & spells. My only quibble is the open world quest line - way too disjointed. I found myself backtracking all over the polace trying to find areas that are suitable for my chars."
76561197997718411,Recommended,238750,15318650,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,freeform1111,"A good old school rpg not without its flaws. First of all, the story and the lore is nothing to write home about in my opinion. Furthermore, I like the grid-based style dungeon crawler but it is really quite strange to use the grid-based movement in an open enviroment. Besides, it is really quite annoyed that you can't move when one enemy is adjacent of you and some other enemies are shooting at you from the distance. There is also some technical problem involving some low FPS that I encounter during somewhere on the world map. Other annoyed little problems including no space to store your items & equipment, obscure puzzle and that you can't scroll the map.Although the game has some problem, it still has some good old-school fun including challenging combat, nice dungeons full of traps, monsters, treasures and puzzles and finally  the planning and  buidling of your party. If you can stand its rough edges and you enjoy old school rpg, you may find it worthwhile to try this game."
,Not Recommended,238750,15327798,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,ppkk,"It seems that this game is an attempt to recreate spirit of Might & Magic 3 (year 1991). Sounds quite nice to people (including me) who like M&M 3 or Xeen themed ones (3-5 and Swords of Xeen).Graphics are quite good, but not spectacular.The biggest problem for me is that they recreated M&M 3 played on lower end (for 1991) computer. It is not too responsive, actions take too much time. And there was not much difference between highest and lowest graphics settings, so this lethargy was game design decision, not insufficient power of my computer. And to make things worse, there are fewer fast travelling options (no Time Distortion, Teleport or Jump spells; and ""Lloyd's Beacon"" [Spirit Beacon] is not early accessible).There is no arena too, by the way. And no working bank. And no science-fiction elements.So, the game does not look good for either M&M 3-5 or M&M 6-9 fans. Those who did not like M&M 3-9 would not like this one too, those who did not play M&M 3-9 would better play them before this game."
76561198030679370,Not Recommended,238750,15012905,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,siliente,"buyer beware! infected with uplay!  I bought this game, and have yet to actually get it to start.  I have tried twice on 2 separate occasions, i got to a uplay login, but cant create an account becuase uplay servers are ""unavailible""  Even if i create an account will i be subject to regularrly unavailible servers in order to play a single player game? I dont know, because I cannot play.  Scratch your gridbased rpg itch with grimrock 1/2 and others and stay clear of this."
,Recommended,238750,15022965,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Aribeth,Bought at 85% off and it was a steal. Still the best turn based rpg out there IMO
,Recommended,238750,15334620,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Palchan,"This game is a fantastic melding of the grid-based Might and Magic 3, 4 and 5 games with the skill-point system of Might and Magics 6, 7, 8 and 9 and the story of Heroes of Might and Magic 6. In part this has tempted me to give HOMM6 another go as it sounds like a very interesting environment. I was a bit disappointed by the lack of sci-fi in the game - That was one of the things I loved about the previous M&M games."
,Not Recommended,238750,11038470,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,toffeemoose,bored with the game....regretted buying it...Maybe the game dynamics (tile based) is not for me
,Recommended,238750,10790979,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,guieevc,This game is way too good if you like old school RPGs. I was a big fan of the other Might and Magic games and this does not let the ball down. Story is involving and you'll find yourself lost in the game. BUY IT!
76561198099161019,Not Recommended,238750,11540183,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,johung2,"This game is a joke. Super laggy, extremely buggy. Haven't been able to play for more than 1 hour without crashes.This is not even beta, shame on you for selling this!"
76561198044991265,Not Recommended,238750,11508668,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,lardawg11,"Worked great for me to start. I enjoyed playing the game. Completed it 3 or 4 times. However, I just tried to play it again after a couple of months and it started crashing constantly and finally quit altogether. Now when I try to launch I just get a blank screen. Ctl-Alt-Del says the game is running but I see nothing. Not sure what the problem is but it sucks that UBISOFT won't even answer my inquiries."
76561197981482926,Recommended,238750,11585054,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Megahertzs,"This game is awesome Old School.  Might and Magic was one of my favorite Series.  Clearly the budget wasn't what it used to be, but it still rocked!"
76561197971042520,Recommended,238750,11647306,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,DeathDealer975,Just like the original only better!  I cant stop playing!
76561198042975956,Recommended,238750,11612073,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Nythauk,"M&M X: Legacy - for those of us who have been playing games BEFORE Steam, and before the internet was the monster it has become, there were games played on boards, and before that, paper. Once computers entered the gaming world a few people wrote games in text only format to entertain the infant market. I even wrote a Star Trek game on the Commodore 64 that was stored on a floppy disk! M&M X is a new game which captures a little of the older, but not as old as that old C64 game I wrote. And thank heaven for that! Greatly improved graphics over past iterations of the M&M world, smoother play, old style movement and enough creatures, bad guys, and other diversions to keep the most stout-hearted adventurer in the game for many hours. This game uses an older type of interface that the younger generation might find ""clunky"" but this is only because they have no basis for comparison. Humor is always required in an adventure game as are challenges which increase in difficulty level as progress is made make gaming as time consuming blast! The first dragon encountered is very much a challenge worthy of the best warrior party - for this dragon is beautiful but deadly. Cyclops are always a challenge and M&M X gets it right by inserting a cave with a cyclops standing inside the entrance and it carries a club. Your party is in grave danger and there is no leaving the cave until the danger is past...er...dead. Get a horse early and let it carry the extra armor and weapons you collect along the way, leaving your arms free to hold a sword and shiled. Keep gold in your pockets though, horses can't be trusted!Easy to play, addictive style that will captivate the most jaded players due to the strangely adaptive A.I., and graphics that are old-school and yet pleasing to the eye -- Might & Magic X: Legacy is a great game! Oh, yeah, and it comes with M&M VI, a definite blast-from-the-past title that will keep you journeying and adventuring for hours on end."
76561198025295885,Recommended,238750,11515075,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,JonasB,"Fun game, lots of variety in party builds, good old school RPG gameplay (even has a retro-pixel mode!) but without the confusing sheets of numbers--everything is laid out for you to see and nothing is really hidden.Good puzzles with clever variety, challenging fights especially with some of the bosses, and an intriguing story as well. Having said this, the game does suffer from a lack of polish in terms of graphics and animations. It also uses Uplay which some people hate with a vengeance but I haven't had any problems with. But if you like Grimrock, baldur's gate, wizardry, or the older Might and Magic games (even 6, despite the lack of real-time mode in X), you'll find MMX quite satisfying."
,Recommended,238750,11732230,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,orlandin,"This is a good game, but it is painfully linear. You are able to build your party well, but it usually feels like you are regretting some of the choices rather quickly."
76561198026912876,Recommended,238750,18328284,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Ripfin,"Well now, i am left wishing that this game was done by a out dev , basicly what this game is is heroes of might and magic with just a little classic dungeon crawl added with first person veiw intergrated into the game.alot of times i do feel like i am playing hom&m in 3d, that said it is a good game for what it is. it gives you a more personal veiw of the world of homm i honestly understand the mixed reviews if your looking for classic m&m game you probaly wont like this. if your a fan of hom&m you probaly wont like it if you like both m&m and heroes you will love it, with that pointed  out this game is quite great being a fan of both games"
76561198006999418,Recommended,238750,18838328,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,|| Total Fail || Ardaneth,"Despite some minor flaws in the technical department this game is surprisingly good. I guess the mixed reviews come from the rather oldschool type of game we have here. Grid based movement isnt everyones thing i guess.M&M X is more fight oriented than for instance Legend of Grimlock. Puzzels are there, but dont are the focus of the game. If you liked the old grid-based rpgs, you will like this one too."
76561198055825930,Recommended,238750,18916806,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Kattlarv,"I can say, will do a bit of a quick review. So won't get too much into detail, but will cover the basics.It is a overall quite neat game. Taking the classic dungeoncrawl approach and spicing it up a little. While the graphic are notably ripped from heroes 6, I don't mind at all. After all, why waste assets when they have them? And they work well within the world so.That said, the game has some MASSIVE flaws, and some small annoyances.Can start with the small ones: For starters, there are too few lines of spoken dialog in this. Even with a diverse group, basically 70 % of all lines are identitcal between characters. Not that many, but heck, it's not far from it. They seriously cheaped out on that. The dialog that exist is pretty well done. But yeah, it incredibly fast gets repetitive  the 482'th time. Sometimes you can hear the same line 12+ times per minute. Depending on the situation.Secondly it's that, while more of a ""read up on it, scrub"" thing, your ""talent tree"" is something you heavily need to invest in, and plan ahead. You're not allowed to just pick it as you go, it became clear to me a bit in that I would have needed to plan my build from the start. As some skills are just far too vital not to have. Like how you literally can't complete certain dungeons without having certain spells and/or immunities.And while mostly a aestetic thing. It feels a bit dumb how you start as this ""kinda pro adventuring party"" with basically 0 equipment or skills. I get that you have to build your way up, but it's kinda derp how you're these supposedly bad♥♥♥♥♥""Raiders"", and you have some rusty, duct taped gear and barely know how to slap someone xP Not to mention: The game ocassionally forgets your UI, and resests some buttons to the ""default"" potion combination. Not a big annoyance, but can be a nuisance. Atop that, it seems some of the DLC content is bugged. I cashed in a reward for the deluxe edition package, but the item for it was never delivered, yet it claimed it had been cashed in.Now, for the massive flaws of this game in no particular order: (I was debating a bit wheter or not I would recommend this game, but in the end, it is a nice game. Yes, it will frustrate you a lot. But it has enough enjoyable moments to mostly weigh it up)1: The loading times are far too long.  It's not to bad in the start. But later in the game, these become a massive bother. ESPECIALLY as the game refuse to load if you are tabbed out. So you can't enter a dungeon or the like, then tab out, check a few things and tab back in during the up to 30+ second long loadingscreens. This becomes ESPECIALLY annoying due to the next in this list, which will force you to repeatedly re-load over and over and over and over and over. It's just a really ♥♥♥♥♥♥ way to pad on extra hours of gameplay.2: The RNG creep. I could be that I had a bad party combo. But some enemies just get plain stupid with this. Most of the undead are a great example of this. With one lucky hit, and many enemies seem to have 20-40 % crit chance, they can, and will 1-shot any non-tank party member. Just like that. Poof. And there's nothing you can do about it aside from spam protective spells. Which, makes you unable to attack. While they normally hit for like, 41 damage, when they crit, it can be anywhere from 180-260 damage if they feel like it. And when a ex: magic hero at that level has around 100 hp, they're just toast. So at many places, you just have to save, enter combat, hope RNG doesn't screw you over, if so, load and rinse and repeat. You're not being challanged the least, your patience is just being tested.3: Broken skills and events. Some abilities don't work on enemies, or are outright broken. Like how if you stun an enemy, they can still retaliate, block and all that. While you aren't allowed to do so if stunned as a character. And there's dozens of design flaws like that around. And some events break when you save at a particular palce or time. Like, one event in a crow temple, an entire encouter crashes and vanishes if you save after you talk to a spirit. Which mind you, is a place with the issue in 2 mentioned. So you have to save before you talk to them. Talk to them, enter fight and hope each turn you don't have the ~5-10 % chance of getting instantly killed and be force to load, while you try to take down 6 enemies  at both sides of you with like, 1500 hp each. Each one of these capable to 1 shot your non-tanks. Currently at that fight as I am writing this, and have been for around 2 hours, 1 of which has just been pure loading time.For a game so heavily reliant on QS and QL, this type of droll padding just isn't acceptable. I'd at most expet 5-10 second loading time, at most. Many parts of this game is pure trial and error via RNG. Atop that, you only get experience for enemies if a hero is alive, and without and negative condition on them. Like what? My mage didn't learn anything at all from figthing a dragon, just becuase she got backhanded by said dragon and stunned, and her magical boots managed to kill the dragon? She had to be fully aware and witness as the dragon died, or else the entire fight was just some dull pasttime she couldn't learn anything from?4: No ability to flee. For a game that places it's level 20 monsters next to it's level 1 obligatory giant rats. This is such a huge design flaw I don't even know what to say... It's like removing/not including a dodge or block manouver in a fighting game... like, the actual murloc? This ties heavily in with the save/load issue. As, every time you find something new or a new area, you are forced to save to know if you even are allowed to be there, before you head on in. Your entire party got 1-shotted by a magically farting spider? Welp, you better load then, possinly after being forced through a game over screen, to then be made to wait a total of 1 minute before you are allowed back in. It's just not acceptable as said with the massive amounts of lazy padding this game has. It's like... it's a great game in here, why was so much bad descisions stuffed into it? Despite this being a late, patched version of the game. I really fear how terrible it must have been at launch.  There's seriusly a good game in here. It's just brutally hampered by multiple poor choices and design errors.I think this wraps up most of it... but yeah. I'd perhaps give a 6.5 out of ten? Nice game, but far too often just plain frustrating. Just knowing that ""Oh, I see my tactic and team was irrelevant here, I just wans't lucky enough with the dice rolls to progress... better spend a mintute reloading the... not saying RNG is always bad. But when it becomes a major part of the game itself... it's just frustarting. Adding numbers or making the AI cheat just to upp the difficulty is just poor design. Yes, I know it's sort of ""needed""sometimes, but it's very tacky regardless. There's just far too many areas where you're simply not allowed to do anything to affect the outcome of things. Or would have had to play the game prior to know which things to bring where."
76561197965396869,Recommended,238750,212453,"Posted: 22 August, 2013",all,Macdallan,"This is a work in progress as of 2013-08-22 and an ""early access"" game.  Even so I expected a LOT more out of this but it falls sadly very, very short.  It's painful to play.  The older games are better.  The ""grid"" walking system is painful.  The combat is ""meh"".  The characters are flat and boring. The interface works but is sadly lacking.  The graphics - well, I think the older games looked better in their time than this does today.  The writing is so-so, the sound effects are re-used from older games (mostly) so there's some nostalgic value there but otherwise they're very bland.  Combat, the key activity in the game, is boring so far.  Again, the older games were more fun.  Maybe it's just me, maybe I'm not the gamer I used to be... but hopefully they'll fix this up and do it right."
,Recommended,238750,13179291,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,SeverianWolfe,Awesome game that brings me back.  I like this one better than Grimlock.  I am not sure what other people are complaining about.
,Not Recommended,238750,13508938,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Kalle_Paulsen,Might&MagicX isn't the Legend of Grimrock you're looking for. I feel almost ashamed that i buyed it.And i had really high hopes too. played it through alpha via early access but it never lived up to its own franchise nor Grimlock.
,Recommended,238750,14320784,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Antien,"Goog game, albeit buggy.  All of the music and sounds are ripped straight from Dark Messiah of Might & Magic (bet you didn't even know that).  Lots of character choices and challenging monster fights with tons of loot to plunder."
,Recommended,238750,9394810,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Schmaples,"...looking past some performance issues, this is a solid traditional RPG. 8.5/10"
,Recommended,238750,9385487,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Tanuvein,Brilliant. Manages to feel like the classics while being a wholly modern and fun game.
76561198015392369,Recommended,238750,9390031,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,cizzlebot,Might & Magic X is surprisingly lengthy and has loads of content! It's a great throwback to the old grid-based RPG gameplay. Highly recommended for anyone with nostalgia for classic RPGs.
76561197976459415,Recommended,238750,9391968,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,krelian,Old school Might and Magic. Anbefalast! <3
76561198002539716,Recommended,238750,9471306,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Hypnotoad,If you liked the old timey wimey games.
76561198073508946,Not Recommended,238750,11667707,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Darconious,"Bad, bad, bad... No respawns, so you have to powerplay to get by. A lot of choices but you can only take the right ones or you won't get by the bosses. Supposed to be a game to the pre MM6 fans (MM3-5), with grid based movement and all the good puzzles, spells and goodies, but it does not live up to even MM3 which came out in 1991..."
,Recommended,238750,10945717,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Cherabym,"I have always love all the Might and Magic RPG series. I am so glad they have continued with the old style play, but livened up the graphics.  This was a great addition to an already great series. I only hope they will continue to make this style of game."
,Recommended,238750,10852832,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Buddy,"I grew up on M&M games, sometimes spending all night playing them when I was younger.  When I found this game I was excited enough to just buy it without checking the reviews.  That was unfortunate, especially as a Mac user first, and Windows user second.This game does not work on Mac.  It is simple as that.  There are just too many stability problems.  It is consistently locking up at various times.As a M&M fan, the game play is nostalgiac.  It may not be exciting enough for new comers to the series, however.  I do enjoy playing it because of the connection I had to all the previous games years ago.Recommendation is No because it really is not compatible with Mac computers.Edit: OK.  I am going to change my review based on Windows version.  It works fine and is still pretty fun to play.  It reminds me of the days when I played many years ago and I have no problems with the game so far.  This is after completing Story 1 on the Windows Version.Mac version is still garbage."
76561197974463258,Recommended,238750,10579941,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Prowlinger,Great game but not as long winded (deep) as some of the previous M&M games.  Regardless... you can mod it or change things as you like... overall it is a nice game and challenging old school first person dungeon romping...
76561198040136882,Recommended,238750,19325256,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Like a god church,I make orc and dwarf. orc and dwarf smash thing. good game.
76561198025854808,Not Recommended,238750,14855691,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Gulnar,"It install Uplay. The game is good, but then, it installes uplay. And it boots it when you load it. So don't buy."
76561198022337262,Recommended,238750,20198584,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,whatthedeuce,"First, I loved playing all the old Might and Magic games.  When you can put a dragon in your party, that makes for some good times!  So nostalgia is the biggest element in recommending this title.Sure, there are many more games far greater and more compelling than this, but MMX is like rewatching an old movie that was your favorite years ago, before you knew better.  I'm not a button masher, and the old school ""take all the time you want making decisions during a fight"" interface is something, I'm embarrassed to admit, I enjoy.Look, ""Legacy"" is right there in the title.  This is an old school RPG that's mildly entertaining, and just the right speed for ageing, casual RPG gamers too intimidated to jump into the contemporary open world games of today.  Like me."
76561198010016172,Recommended,238750,24159098,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Nono,Game is fun to play although art design is cheap.Had a nice time crawling!
,Recommended,238750,8931494,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Yiasmat,"(07/10) - Nicely ExecutedI don´t know how long this game entangled me in it´s beautiful world. At first i thought the textures were really ugly and the game mechanics were way too old school, but as i entered the first dungeon i knew: i´d spend a lot of time in this game!The best stragety RPG (round based) in my opinion.Plan your moves, fight epic monsters... and start 4 times over in search of your favourite party as i did.You really should enjoy this game, it has everything i would have asked from it and even one thing more:An ending :/"
,Recommended,238750,24067999,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,deroth888,"A true and perfect addition to the classic Might & Magic franchise. I started playing when MM6 came out, and have played 6,7,8,9, and now 10 ""X"". Very happy with this game!"
76561198020557362,Recommended,238750,23974794,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,True,"This game really reminds me of games i loved as a kid.It's by no means perfect but it is great fun!If you enjoy saving, and loading every few minutes in late game, this the game for you."
76561198118313458,Recommended,238750,20887179,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,TheKlitKommander,"I would not have bought if if I knew it needed to be connected online to play it. Thats right. Its a single player game that requires you to be connected to its ♥♥♥♥♥♥ uplay service to play it.  Oh, and u play goes down often.  Ill recommend the game if it ever comes up and allows me to play it.After the resolved issue I def recommend this game. It's everything I was looking for in this type of old school crpg."
,Recommended,238750,18872448,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,CopperAndo,"UPD. It seems the game has been patched, so now it's a nice turn-based RPG game.The game is overheating GPU heavily. Graphics settings are not helping. Better to wait for the patch."
76561197997822817,Recommended,238750,22407073,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Dakteris Māja,"I have played all M&M starting from M&M 6.Grid based movement sucks :( that's terrible, but I finished the game and even enjoyed it.If you guys continue with M&M XI, give us a free movement again."
76561198027724317,Recommended,238750,21723456,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,dax616,If You like Might and Magic this game you will LOVE! I give it 7 out of 10 if I had a better computer it would be a 10!
76561198106860794,Recommended,238750,21515199,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,小树人全家炸了,"I feel the game really engaging and detail-oriented. It somehow made me feel like playing Dioblo II. However, its turn-based strategy and gameplay(battle for the most) and the way player explore the map are very interesting. I admit the graphics are bad for a game made in 2013, but the gameplay experience overwhelmed the graphics problem anyway."
76561198036340146,Recommended,238750,10104267,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Wolflancer,This game is awesome! It was worth the wait and it MORE than picks up the legacy of the Might and MAgic franchise. They are onto something here! I've played through it 3 times and keep getting the urge to try it again with yet another party setup and modifications to my priorities. Wonderful story and great visual treats. I do not care for the limited view aka you can only face 4 directions rather than scrolling.
76561197961192405,Recommended,238750,19851296,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,aqaS,"At first I had doubtful expectations, the graphics looked rough and I tought the story line would be inadequately short. Just a  few minutes of gameplay, and I was completely hooked. The graphics became flawlessly ordinary. And the story, unbaffeled and intriguing. Hours and hours of gameplay and puzzle solving my adiction to the game is endless.Still I have not completed the game, but I'm far in. The quests requires your full attention, if you don't stay sharp, any detail lost will hinder you from understanding how to proceed next. I love this.The game costs nothing compared to the high value gameplay that you get. Money well spent."
76561198165967947,Recommended,238750,20566727,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,ziegler.linda.m,"Game keeps freezing.  In particular can not enter Karthal Sewers so can not continue game.  Have restarted, tried under different saves and yes have sewer quest.  How can I get around this?using a MAC"
,Recommended,238750,20095424,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,BlueChip11,As a fan of M&M 1-6 I'm enjoying this more than I thought I would. Sure it's still a bit unpolished and has its bugs but none of them are too game breaking and it does seem to capture much of that old school Might & Magic feel. Thumbs up!
76561197971611259,Recommended,238750,21907194,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Oldbolt,"Game gets better the longer you play.  I'm playing on 'Adventurer'(easy mode) and have probably died over 100 times.  In the begining of the game you are limited to where you can go and some of the places in that area are too tough for the level you will be at, trial and error will get you through in the end and I'm happy I stuck at it as the game is becoming an enjoyable romp for me."
76561198042318117,Recommended,238750,21837282,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Zammy,"I got this game as a part of a bundle and thought ""well, this will be one game I'll nevel install"".But I ended up trying the game, and liked it so much I completed it.Despite being released in 2014, Might and Magic X has a very strong back to 90' feeling looming over it. It mostly feels like a weird mixture of roguelike and older Might and Magic games. Turn based game where you run in a grid. Certainly not something you would expect from such a new game.I, however, find this pleasant and nostalgic.If you like older Might and Magic titles and are fan of roguelikes, then this game will be good for you, try it out if it's on sale.If you aren't fan of either, better stay away. You will probably not like this.There are two major downsides for this game I disliked.-Damn much running around in same places.-No real game notes. Too often you keep wondering ""where on earth I saw that earth magic master teacher. Gotta go to google again, I'm not checking the whole world again to find him.""They certainly didn't stop me from playing, but I must admid both were annoying for me."
,Not Recommended,238750,26121681,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Garat,"Great game, feels like a perfect visit back to the world of Might and Magic. Too bad they felt the need to encumber it with the entirely useless UPlay."
,Recommended,238750,24670623,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Machiavelli_F,"This game is fun, and fairly true to the traditional Might & Magic games, but it's very... linear and scripted, whereas Might and Magic was not.   There are a set number of monsters, and when they are dead, they are dead.  This can make it hard to progress since you cannot get more gold or experience.Still, it's probably the best Might and Magic product since Might & Magic VII.  I wish it would have remained more true to that."
,Recommended,238750,422066,"Posted: 31 August, 2013",all,doolezah,"Wow. Superb and fantastic. If you like the first-person grid-based dungeon crawls and RPG worlds of the mid 1980s (the original Bard's Tale series), DungeonMaster series, Eye of the Beholder series, (of course the Might & Magic series), Wizardry, the recent superb Legend of Grimrock, and many others, then this is for you!  Excellent graphics mixed with oldschool gameplay make this an ecstatic return to the RPG of yesteryear.  It's in my Top List of Favorite Games!"
,Recommended,238750,11719804,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Typhon,"An entertaining old school styled turn based RPG. Your party setup is essential to survival. The game bridges the gap between the old generation of RPGs and today's modern games pretty well. Very impatient CoD fanboys would give up quickly on this game, but RPG fans will love a lot of the little details and the freedom."
76561197982694528,Recommended,238750,26862182,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,no_moment,"Great Game.I can understand why some people may not like this game, since it doesnt resemble might and magic 6-9 very much.However if you enjoyed the earlier installments of might and magic, or the wizardry games, then there's alot to love about this title."
76561198043450465,Not Recommended,238750,26603785,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,syneti,Ubisoft are a company to avoid. Simple reasons that you just are forced to rebuy the game contents over and over . Should your e-mail be hacked and you lose control. The company is unwilling to allow you access the actual owner via steam proof.
,Recommended,238750,10354572,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,S3xyVoic3,played more than 100hours still enjoying it.
,Recommended,238750,14348890,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Blast X Blast,"I like the game, but it's not for everyone. Here's a tip for anyone that has trouble getting the game to remember your saves:Find the folder with the U-Play exe, right click and set to run as administrator. Go to the main game folder (mine is programfilesx86/Steam/SteamApps/Common/MMX) and right click the exe and also set to run as admin.For some reason the game requires admin privilege to make any changes whatsoever to a folder...even recording a save.As for the game itself, it's basically like crossing Might and Magic III with Might and Magic VI...and then stripping it of virtually all depth in exchange for accessibility. I like the game...because I like the M&M universe and other games in the series (including the excellent Heroes games). But, like the Heroes games, it's weak sauce compared to the earlier entries. Judging it by Might and Magic standards, I give it a 5 out of 10...if that. But by gaming standards...it's not bad IMO. Maybe 7 out of 10....maybe too generous. I like it, but it's not for everyone.While I recommend the game, I have to recommend you first watch some let's plays and get a feel for what the game entails before purchasing. It's NOT anything like Legend of Grimrock (which is what led a lot of people astray into purchasing the game...LoG and it's sequel are objectively better and vastly different). Also keep in mind the game is no longer supported by Ubisoft and the forums are dead...so you're on your own for the most part.In short, I enjoy the game...but it's certainly a small niche type of game. Chances are, it's not for you. Buyer beware."
76561198115746289,Not Recommended,238750,28696480,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,SINCERE604,"Complete Nostalgia without the free world feel. for a game that doesnt require high end rendering and graphics, this game was to small , and actually lacked features that previous games had. Was good for 1 play through, but replay value is zero with this game. Still loved it. just didnt do it for me as an oldschool M&M fan.."
76561198033843646,Not Recommended,238750,16882169,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,TinnitusFabi [GER],"Not even Legend of Grimrock 1 and 2.I expacted much more than that clunky game. Dont waste your money and buy a better 3D grid-based, real-time dungeon crawler."
76561198030799310,Recommended,238750,4019260,"Posted: 7 September, 2013",all,BeoXXVI,This is going to be fantastic once they work all the bugs out and optimize the framerate.
76561198000698735,Not Recommended,238750,13545041,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Last Knight Down,"I'm not entirely sure this is a fitting homage to the series, let alone a worthy sequel to the original Might and Magic first person adventure games. This feels more like a Wizardry game than anything, only it does not have random encounters.If you're looking for an updated version of M&M 6: The Mandate of Heaven, you're going to notice immediately that combat is turn based instead of action based and that you're not able to cheese the ranged attacks quite the same way you did in the last few titles. This forces the element of difficulty into the game that used to come from having to strategize about when and where to cast spells and run from enemies. Once engaged in melee combat, you can't back away or use exits, and very often you're arbitrarily ambushed and beaten down from behind. This leaves little to no strategy available to the player to decide when and where to engage the enemy. Worse still, every skill you need to progress is gated by leveling up multiple times and collecting money, which there is a limited amount of in the game.This entire game feels like it was designed by people who did not play the original series and do not fully understand the mystique and challenge of M&M adventure games. The elements are there but different. Most of the difficulty in this game comes from needing to block or chug potions at the right time. And you can't even equip the best shields available to you in the first town. You have to complete several incredibly difficult dungeons and make it to the second town before you're even allowed to purchase the training to equip them. This makes the fights with tougher enemies frustrating if not outright unfair. Those who would focus on defense to secure the best outcome are punished while people who choose whatever deals the most damage are rewarded; All in all, this is par for the course for turn based games but not balanced the way M&M 1-6 were. Moreover, entire methods of playing the game, such as going with heavy armor and shields, goes completely unrewarded, so there's no point to that portion of the content. You do not have a front-line and a back-line since enemies can reach any of your party members to attack them at any time, so there isn't even signficant incentive to have defensive members balancing against softer damage dealers until halfway into the game when you actually get usable healing spells. By then, you'd have been better off going full barbarian or mage across the board.The only genuinely positive part of this experience is that the dungeons and quests all string together nicely like an mmo and it's easy to figure out where to go next just from exploring and poking around on the mini map, talking to people, etc. That and, somehow acknolwedging the limitations of non-respawning chests and enemies, the game apparently dumps loot on you when you find it, so that's nice.I haven't played a full team of mages like I mentioned earlier yet but I suspect they work much better than the classes I was trying before; And if that is the case, then this is the only great similarity between the original games and this one. Overall, I don't want to take the time to play it anymore after having gotten my butt kicked repeatedly. I'm already too frustrated after a few hours of trudging around in the Lighthouse. The difficulty curve is ridiculous and fights go from being winnable to being totally hopeless, from room to room even. Moreover, there's almost nothing to indicate to you when going in a room or across a bridge will be life threatening so you can never learn from your mistakes. There are even several places you're clearly meant to return to when you're stronger, but how much stronger is somewhere between vaguely incomprehensible and utterly unfathomable. It feels like a big slap in the face when you as a player go in a door that was open to you and can't even escape certain demise because you weren't genuinely going to be allowed an opportunity to succeed at what lay behind it. This kind of high stakes trial-and-error is very unrewarding and disappointing.Update: I have now played with a full team of mages and it's as I suspected. I was able to get this team to the place of progress it had taken hours to get to before within about 30 minutes. Of course once you run into the one thing that's immune to the school of magic you've been focusing on or up the difficulty from normal to hard, you can expect to be back in the boat of unplayable content and frustration. Overall, the game seems to want to force you to have to bring a specific party to accomplish the goals it sets before you. Some doors can't even be found and some passage ways can't even be opened unless a person with a high score in a specific stat is able to locate and/or open them for your team, which means teams lacking that stat may not even be able to progress in certain dungeons at all. This is very detrimental as, 1) it's impossible to know what the recommended (or required) team composition is upfront and 2) playing with any other party composition is apparently almost futile.TLDR; This is a competent and somewhat fun to play turn-based RPG but has little to nothing to offer those who are fans of M&M6. I'd still like to recommend this one because it's challenging and a classic first person dungeon crawler like Wizardry, but I can't while it's at any price over 10 dollars. The fact that Wizardry 6 is the same kind of game and was slightly better than this despite having come out 24 years ago prevents me from doing so. If you were hoping to have some fun with this one, buy Wizardry Renaissance and play it all the way through first. Then maybe pick this one up and play it out of boredom when it falls below 10 dollars standard price."
76561198031433857,Not Recommended,238750,30041457,Posted: 19 February,all,rackak2010,Very good game but I'm sick of always dealing with this silly Uplay.The game just doesn't launch anymore.
76561197990538829,Recommended,238750,8985625,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Doom Ihl' Varia,I haven't had this much fun with an RPG in ages. They took all the best parts from Xeen on and slapped a coat of pretty on it all. The result is pretty fantastic.
76561197979160421,Not Recommended,238750,35024334,Posted: 17 September,all,Bandit^SG,"Love the game, hate the bugs..periodically it greys out the dialouge at Lev (elemental mission and opening the rest of the world), been exchanging waste of time emails with Ubisoft, they tell me to do the same things that didnt work before, delete and reinstall (oh how many times!)still  love the game but hate Ubisoft.This would make a great game if rewritten, the game play is good although it needs more classes and class mixing,WISH THEY WOULD FIX THE DARN BUGs,  and they know the bug exists and still haven't fixed it!"
,Recommended,238750,35019957,Posted: 17 September,all,Demicore,"Pretty pleasant game. Obviously a lot of work and love has been put into it and I hope the devs get to make others like it. Graphics are technically serviceable and artistically varied; soundtrack is nice especially during the cutscenes; gameplay is fluid and satisfying.The story is okay for a fantasy setting, and there is a TON of lore to read through if you're into that.My only peeve is that you unlock all the abilities of your characters way too quickly and use them throughout the whole game. All leveling up does is make your existing abilities more powerful."
