user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198027403472,Recommended,238910,12782099,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,zembra,"I thought I'd put up a review for this really underappreciated little game.Developer Arcen Games makes wildly creative, deep, and eccentric genre-benders, the most celebrated of which is their asymmetrical space RTS/4x/tower defense, ""AI Wars."" AI Wars is clearly a great game, but somehow it's this one that I keep coming back to.Bionic Dues is Arcen's take on a ""roguelike,"" but of course in proper Arcen style it is totally unique.Basically, it has a lot in common with a proper roguelike: you guide your characters through a series of procedurally generated dungeons. But there are a *lot* of interesting twists:- You have 4 characters, (which are actually some sort of mecha exoskeleton?) in any combination of ""classes,"" but can only use one at a time, and it takes a turn to swap them out.- Loot and inventory customizaton is of primary importance. Each bot has *tons* of inventory slots, in several categories, and each class is different. Carefully poring over the hundreds of components you find, and optimizing their arrangement on each robot chassis, balancing your overall strategy, is the part of the game that I find utterly addictive. (It feels a lot like ship design in Gratuitous Space Battles, another of my favorites.)- There is a sort of top-level strategy layer linking the dungeons. In between runs, you re-arrange robot parts, and choose your next raid target based on likely risk/rewards and your overall position in the map, with a global counter ticking down to a final level full of particularly nasty enemies.- Understanding enemy AI and abilties is really important. There are a lot of enemy bot types, with simply-defined behaviors that are nevertheless complex in their interactions, and they appear in randomized combinations that can really change the way you approch a given dungeon.- The game can be played with a number of different difficulty options, and core gameplay modifiers like the addition of permadeath, ironman mode, and time-limits on turns. This really allows you to tweak the game to your liking; you can choose to allow save-scumming, seeking the perfect run, or you can make it a much more tense and chaotic affair.One thing that needs mentioning: a lot of the art assets are just awful-looking, especially on the strategy and inventory-management screens. To enjoy the game, you will have to be able to get over this, and see the item illustrations as purely functional conveyors of data. This works fine for me, but I'm sure it turns a lot of people off. Thankfully, I think the dungeon art is pretty nice-looking.Frankly, I also found the music and voices to be awful (though a lot of the sound design itself is pretty nice,) and I tend just turn it off and listen to my own music.Despite all the ugly warts, I keep coming back to this one. If you like procedural turn-based dungeon crawling, and find yourself spending a lot of enjoyable time comparing stuff on inventory screens, this might be a good one for you.I also like that it lends itself well to short play sessions; you can pop in for a quick dungeon or a bit of stat-crunching without feeling too committed. It's also a good game to have running in the background while you're doing something else, taking a turn now and then.All in all, this is a deep little game that's well worth its price tag - at the time of this writing, it's available at the ridiculous sale price of $1.99, and no roguelike fan should miss it."
,Recommended,238910,17518431,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Whiteswart,"Basically, Bionic Dues is a rogue-like mix of rpg/strategy dungeon crawler with hi-tech setting, where you fighting ever growing hordes of killing droids with your own droid. War of the machines, basic ""save the humanity from annihilation"" stuff - that's all you'll ever catch about story. You can think of it as of another small thing for touchpads, but no, it's not that simple. Actually, it is like an iceberg, where major part of the game is hiding beneath the surface. And yeah, if you're looking for light walk with painless achievements - that's a very wrong game for you! While its quite easy to catch an opening pattern, farther you go - more skill and luck you need. On Every Turn.Now, the real game is where its mechanics. You have dozens of basic options like which droid class do you prefer, what strategy will be the best with grading that given droid, and how do you planning to save the world? Destroying every enemy bot in the reach from the start, when they are still weak? Or just cutting their numbers by destroying their factories and supplies while building up your muscles for the final battle? Dozens of basic strategic options - and thousands choices on tactics. Will you prefer to raise power of single shot or ammo capacity? Range of sight or splash effect for your rockets? Stealth and traps or brute force and assault?Closer to the end of each match you'll get enough mods for your droid to make him an ultimate death machine of choice. And still you'll be vulnerable, remarkably outnumbered and outgunned in every mission. So you have to consider many steps forward. Always. And that's why I'm satisfied with that ""small looking, gross bearing"" tactical game.There are minuses, of course:- very basic visual part. No, it is not XCom or Jagged Alliance with destroyable 3d environment, that's top-down view rogue-like indie project. Surely not for DOTA kids who are filling about half of Steam auditory.- while it's quite easy to get along with, if you are in any way familiar with rogue-like games... finishing Bionic Dues even once can be very challenging and sometimes boring.- if you're an achievement hunter, that game is a disaster, for to make complete of this game, you'll need to invest Hundredz of Hourz. Not dozens, but hundreds hours of your precious time. And there will be no detailed video guides, like for the Civilization, ""how to prosper on Deity"". To get all 220 achievements, you'll need to master all combinations of battle classes, beating the game about 20-30 times in average. And except diversity of tactics related to these classes, the rest will be repeated again. And again. And again...- inventory, the part of the Bionic Dues, which makes it RPG-like, by selecting a combination of two dozens of attributes installed on your war machine... that's exactly the most boring part in the whole game. In the start, where you have about 5 spare parts, it's ok. But after 10-15 missions you'll be buried with dozens and even hundreds of items, from which you need to choose from. So many players get stacked and bored at this point! But after 20-30 hours of play you'll overcome it, hopefully. Managing one droid is much easier than all 4, and real challenge is where you making through with just one robot, not a squad of them.Pluses are less:- never ending challenge and need to think much forward- many different strategies, which always should be adapted to every mission- fantastic music! to the point where I can start a game not for playing, but just to hear that ambient again. Starting song is gorgeous! I can listen to it over and over again, for hoursOverall, I would recommend Bionic Dues to all fans of turn-based tactical games and I would NOT recommend it for achievement hunters and casual players. This game may looks nice and cosy, easy like the most of the games for touch screens... But in fact it is a very engaging time-killer.7.5/10 saved cities"
,Recommended,238910,19483829,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,White Shadow,"On first impressions when I started playing this game, I wasn't too impressed. The difficulty seemed all over the place, there were a lot of numbers and stats everywhere, and things were confusing. But, if you stay on and keep playing, you eventually start to get a hang of it. There is a bit of a learning curve here, but the game has a very nice tactical depth to it and can be loads of fun.Upon starting a new game, you get to select your preferred pilot and 4 mechs/exosuits. Each pilot has a bonus perk of some sort, and each mech has its own strengths and weaknesses, some being more offensively based, others more to do with support stuff, like hacking and stealth. So it's up to you to pick your preferred team.The campaign itself has a simple concept - a robot army is going to attack your HQ in 50 days. Do whatever you can to prepare yourself for this attack. Each mission you do in the city counts as a day. You can go for missions where you find shiny new gear for your mechs to make them stronger, or you can go for missions which weaken the enemy and slow their expansion. The best thing is, you can see on a side of a screen the details of what units currently comprise the enemy army, so you can see how it is affected after every mission you do.The missions themselves take a form of a randomly-generated dungeon with tile-based movement. You can swap between your mechs at will, but doing so counts as a turn, so you have to be very careful in your advance. It is very easy to make a wrong move and to have several enemies on you at once. Both, your units and enemy units, might feel like glass cannons. You could kill an enemy in 1-2 shots, but so can they! So you have to utilise tactics to outsmart them - use range or perhaps area of effect weapons, or even just pull back and surprise them around the corner. You can even deploy sentry turrets to help you in firefights if you've got any available.And in between missions you can customize your mechs with the loot found. The customization is very rich and detailed. Each mech has several slots where gear can fit in, ranging from weapons, to shields, to propulsion systems. It can feel overwhelming at first because there are a lot of things on the screen, but you do get used to it, and everything in the game has a description if you're unsure what something is.Speaking of descriptions, they're fantastic. Everything has an edge of humour in it. When you hover over an enemy, an object, or anything else in-game, you see a bit of funny flavour text about it.The music is also amazing. I first got interested in the game when I've heard its main theme, which is very beautiful with great vocals, but even the tracks that play during missions are also great.I've been enjoying the game so far and started a new campaign already. I would highly suggest to play the first game on an Easy or Casual difficulty level to get familiar with the game. After that, the higher difficulty levels don't seem as bad anymore.Great game. Highly recommended for fans of tactics-based games."
,Recommended,238910,9582846,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Nanako =^.^=,"Bionic dues is a roguelike, and plays pretty similar to standard rogue games. You take an action, then everything else does, repeat untill enemies are dead or an objective is complete. You get four party members that you can switch between at any point (costs an action) but only one of them can be on the field at a time, so you're really always controlling a single hero, not a squad.First it should be said that, like most arcen games, Bionic Dues has amazingly good music. Although they are merely adequate as a game developer, they have the amazing Pablo Vega on staff doing all their music. This is especially noticeable in the hauntingly beautiful title track, The Home That We Once Knew.  A song so brilliant i'd recommend buying this game JUST to hear it, despite its other flaws. It really sets the scene and is a truly amazing first impression, sadly it's mostly downhill from there.This game has an unfortunate problem shared by other Arcen titles, in that the game bombards you with information right from the beginning, telling you in pointlessly explicit detail about the final battle you'll eventually have and how to win it. Aside from being overwhelming and working very poorly as a tutorial, this also instantly takes away any sense of novelty or mystery from the game, and you're never really in doubt about what will eventually happen.  The final battle is hyped and foreshadowed repeatedly, and warnings about it are shoved in your face constantly.At the beginning you choose four of the six classes, and one of the six available leaders. this is probably intended to encourage replayability, but i didn't really feel any desire to play it again.After every mission your'e rewarded with a tide of loot with witty descriptions that modify lots of stats, and you can equip your party between missions using these parts. Each squad member has 20-30 equipment slots, so you'll spend a lot of time in there tweaking with equipment loadouts, which is kind of fun at first. However after a while of playing, the system starts to feel shallow, as there's a pretty small range of values that can actually be adjusted, and thusly not much room for ""builds"" or any real modding strategy. You basicalyl want everyone to be reasonably tanky, and all their weapons to be strong enough to 1-shot enemies, with reasonable amounts of range and ammo. this isn't hard to accomplish.Eventually you'll stop caring about most of the loot you get, and just briefly scan the inventory for unusually high values, there's too much of it, and once you've seen one +50% damage mod, you've seen them all. There's no unusual combinations or interesting unique equipment, just ever-increasing generic values, the novelty fades quickly.Each squad member has a small (preset, non-changeable) selection of weapons, and with certain missions they can get a permanant upgrade which gives them additional weapons and equipment slots (again, preset). These upgrades are nice and add an interesting power spike to things, but there's exactly one for each squad member, and they're no-brainers you'll want to grab asap.***** SPOILERS AHEAD ********** SPOILERS AHEAD ********** SPOILERS AHEAD *****Despite the constant warnings and foreshadowing, and especially the warning that i'd have to hold off a massive assault from hundreds of enemies, the final mission was a colossal letdown. It threw a grand total of 80-ish enemies at me (there's a counter) in a single, boring mazelike interior environment, much like any other mission. There was no colossal assault, it was literally a hunt-and-destroy mission like hundreds of others. I had to go and find THEM hiding in tiny pockets of resistance, and just nuke them with aoe weapons.I spent a long time building up a perfectly engineered sniper and engineer-scientist combo, and created a huge fort of sentry guns expecting to have to fight off thousands of bots, and maybe some colossal monster. What i got was a pathetic skirmish with only slightly more enemies than an average mission. it was a dismal and hollow end to the game. There's no real reward or sense of closure either, after the battle you jsut get a ""congratulations you won, now go and relax"" textbox, and the game just stops on the main map screen with nothing being clickable. No ending cutscene, no conclusion to the story, just nothing.I spent £1.74 on this game, and my initial thoughts after buying it were that i'd gotten an amazing deal. But as the novelty wore off, that seemed like a pretty reasonable price. It's great fun for an hour or two, and mildly entertaining for a few more after that, but there's no real reason to replay it.You should probably quit before you finish the game, and just imagine that it had a good ending."
76561198198892301,Recommended,238910,32373302,Posted: 12 June,all,TheSmilingDoom,"It is an interesting  game, especially when on sale, there's a lot of playtime for your money. But you have to enjoy tactics and tinkering with abilities. If you are looking for high polish and story-driven adventures, this is not for you.That being said, the higher difficuilties are just frustrating and the achievements like winning with a single bot will only please a glutton for punishment. Totally ridiculous. In addition, the developers tried to be funny smarta$$es with their quips. Maybe focus on better balancing and a little more depth next time. This game could have been really good instead of ""good enough when on sale""."
,Not Recommended,238910,15516480,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,RuySan,"At first this seemed like the perfect game for me: A roguelike with a tactics and strategic aspect on top of it.Unfortunately all the missions play very much alike and the game gets repetitive fast. Also, the loot is quite boring, since it's just an unending stream of similiar equipment with slightly different numbers. This also means that way too much time is spent between the missions comparing all these slight differences. Maybe some people like this aspect, but i don't. The loot should have been less frequent but more significant.I also question the aesthetic consistency of the game. It's very very ugly and the music is incredibly cheesy. The menu music seem straight out of some cheap anime movie."
76561198018539708,Not Recommended,238910,30859760,Posted: 31 March,all,SebC,"A turn-based strategy game that goes straight to the point, but probably too much: you choose a mission, you fight, you loot, rince & repeat.There is no plot, no story, no character, nothing. And games end with some kind of ""you win"" message. Bionic Dues is a game mechanic, properly executed, but not much more.Despite these flaws, many players might still find this game attractive, except than:- loots are boring: they seem to follow the same rarity system than in well-known hack&slashes, except that there is little difference between a rare or an unique item. Uniques aren't uniques, and there is little to no variety in items- stats customization is dull- enemy bots are uninteresting- there is no variety in missions: same tilesets, same bots, only the goal slightly differ from mission to missionMy note: boring/10"
,Not Recommended,238910,17054606,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,BossStompTV,"Not my thing. I expected a team strategy game, I got a turn-based roguelike dungeon crawler where you control one mech at a time and swap them out like they are stances or armor sets as opposed to actual units.After getting over my confused expectations, I still found the game lacking. It's closer to a puzzle game wherein the goal is to maximize use of your resources (ammo, health, etc) to clear the boards in hopes of collecting loot you can use in upcoming missions.I can see the appeal, but it's just not for me."
76561197971414496,Recommended,238910,7353634,"Posted: 10 October, 2013",all,Hingle McCringleberry,"A rather complex, but at the same time accessible roguelike involving tough meta choices on an FTL-esque campaign map, in depth exo customization and appealing combat mechanics."
76561197971079985,Recommended,238910,20535899,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Kruztee,"I really like this.From the turn based tactics of the cerebral combat, to the loot grind of the meta game, the game just keeps me coming back for more. Perhaps my favourite Arcen title to date (toss up with AI War). Play slowly on a difficult game or just blast through on a more forgiving level; all play styles are accounted for. Go with stealth, science, sniping, traps, or just blow the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of everything. Great stuff.9/10"
,Recommended,238910,33724188,Posted: 22 July,all,SabreCat,"Hi! You're probably here because you got this game super cheap, or free, or in a bundle, and are wondering if it's actually worth playing. Good news: yes, it is! It's a flavor of tactical puzzle you'll not encounter anywhere else.A few tips for having a good experience with Bionic Dues:Play on Ironman. The game vehemently tells you not to, but in fact it's designed quite well to play through accepting your setbacks. Savescumming sucks all the life out of it.Use the ""Shorter Campaign"" option. At default, the game is way too long, with the final outcome decided by halfway through and the rest of it a mere button-pressing exercise. Cutting it in half, though, is just right.Don't use the pilot who gives you all the Epic Exos, at least for your first game. Finding and unlocking those is a huge treat you don't want to deny yourself."
76561198171826573,Not Recommended,238910,17548816,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,stationjaguar,"It was fun for awhile however there just wasnt enough variation in the game to TRULY hold my attention. Most of the missions have different goals and objectives in an attempt to add spice and varation to this game but end up falling short unfortanatly; most of the time boiling down to destroy everything and get the loot. Now normally I'd be okay with that however this time around the loot just didnt make me care.Enemies are challenging but without a decent incentive to fight them I cant help but think why should I bother. If your willing to shell out $10 for a few hours of fun get this game by all means. Also I DO have to admit, if they gave me a betterr reason to be exited about the loot, such as new weapons or let us gain new ""exos"". I'd have more of a reason to keep playing and in fact WOULD. But give me a little thing that fills a slot that makes the same weapons 2% better, and I'm just not going to care."
76561198052714314,Recommended,238910,12938379,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Proxy,"This game feels imperfect. But in that, it has replayability. The gameplay is such that, your Exo (bot) can be 1-hit fairly easy, especially when you are just learning. Not to mention AOE damage can also take you out. So, losing a bot is easy. You can usually still succeed with your other 3, and you don't permanently lose the bot unless you are playing with ""Dead is dead"" enabled... which I think isn't available until you've beaten it once. I found the upgrade system alluring. If the art was more aesthetic I probably would have given it much more of my time.gameplay: 7/10art: 6/10theme: 8/10sound: 8/10"
76561198007340703,Recommended,238910,19382291,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,deki_mal,"Sci-fi roguelike, but more accessible than some of the more hardcore ones. Quite dense at the start, but becomes easier as you play more. There is a save option (which can be turned off), so it is possible to load after a really bad run. Pretty fun for a while, but end game gets repetative.Pros:- Very clear tutorial and tooltips making it easy to learn- Save option- Sci-fi settingCons:- graphics are a bit dull, different units all look too similar- soundtrack can get repetative- Lack of veriety- EndgameFun for a few hours, but don't expect to spend 100s on this one. Recommended."
76561198017696252,Recommended,238910,10288836,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Don Berto,"Great little game - had my first final assault today and my tactics worked ( I nearly had no opponents as I could destroy them in some earlier mission ). It might be that the endgame is too easy but I'll have to play again until the end to see that.I really like random equipment and the epic advancement made me grin a lot!I sometimes had more fun equipping my exos than fighting with them.I don't know how good the replayability will be, and if the map changes with each game, but i'll give it a try."
76561197990923812,Not Recommended,238910,25575207,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,kevin801827,"Was expecting a squad-based tactical mech game (i.e. XCOM with mechs), but this turned out to be more like a turn-based Diablo.Not actually squad-based:Yes, you go into battle with 4 mechs, but you only control one at a time, and they all move around in the same tile. It's more like having 1 character that you can change the class of on the fly.Uninteresting tactics :The lack of squad-level coordination limits your ability to really delve into the tactics. I would love to set up ambushes where I get to use multiple units at their optimal range of engagement, or coordinate a simultaneous attack to enter and clear a room, but you just can't do that. The combat started to feel repetitive pretty soon.Nice variety in enemies and missions, though:There is a really nice variety in the enemies you face, and their various AI quirks is a cool gameplay element. But because of the limited range of tactics, for the most part it boiled down to triaging who to shoot first and whether they are worth expending your more limited ammo on. Maybe I'm just being uncreative.There is also a variety of missions you can do, and there's a nice nonlinear (yet intuitive) system where each mission will unlock others. It's really very well done, and adds a nice level of strategy to the game.Disappointing mech customization:The ""customization"" system is just collecting loot with randomly-generated buffs (think magical/rare items in Diablo). You can't change weapons, which I found pretty disappointing. You do gain a few special abilities, though the items mostly just give you bonuses to existing stats."
,Recommended,238910,26331180,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Games ✗ Helicopter,"Don't even kid yourself, Arcen Games are a bunch of weirdos. They try to make conventional games but their weirdness is bolted into everything they do, from the design to the UI to the music and all the other aesthetic items in game development. I'll also say that while I've respected everything they've released (that I've had a chance to play), I'm not always in the mood for dealing with their weirdness. If I'm in the mood for anything besides An Arcen Game, the willpower on my end just isn't even there.It's why I took so long to dig into Bionic Dues after the first impression of thumbing through the first few menu screens and world map. I didn't think ""HEY THIS IS EXACTLY WHAT I'VE WANTED, A MYSTERY DUNGEON-HEWED ROGUELIKE ON PC"". Because well that's exactly the situation with Bionic Dues, it takes design cues from Shiren the Wanderer more than anything else in the modern RL trends. Of course, Arcen's quirks break through, with the fixation on cyber-dystopia, an almost-suffocating amount of customization, and lots of ways to get completely lost and off the track of your primary objectives with not a lot to help you get back.I know there was a certain expectation with other reviews/press painting it in relation to an XCOM game, but it's not really that at all. Clear your mind, look at it like the maddest thing Chunsoft could ever hope to put a Mystery Dungeon name on, and it'll be all good."
,Not Recommended,238910,14677985,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,DaReputableJesus,"BIONIC DUES tried too many things at once and that's what ruins the game for me. First of all every information you'll get you need to play the game is in the form of text. I really don't know why game developers don't learn from other games or in this case from thier own games. Arcen(the guys who made the game) really need to learn that if they make a game that is fairly complex, they should make an interactive tutorial not a wall of text.  The mechanic with the map where you are able to select your missions is a great idea but wasn't implemented very well. Sometimes the only missions you are given are the ones you aren't capable of completing because your Mechs are to weak. This gets frustrating really easily. The customization screen is the most disorganized  screen I have ever seen In a video game. There are way to many stats to keep track of and way to many slots the equipment can be put. It is not fun to customize your Mech because the proccess feels like working at an office. And how is the roguelike gameplay? It's actually kinda fun but what ruins it is that the game doesn't really tell you what to do in a mission. Your objective is told you through a text-wall and sometimes you have no idea what they want from you? For example: ""This is a mission where you'll aquire more weapons at the end"". Ok? So what do I have to do? Kill all enemy-robots? Or collect a certain Item? I don't know. Oh and the presentation is horrible ;DBIONIC DUES is not a bad game but it's not a good one either."
76561198088843399,Not Recommended,238910,15659196,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,The Sprinkler,"Don't be fooled. This game is incomplete. Plenty of bugs and unfair situations. For example, enemies capable of shooting you through walls, 'cover', and completely random drops. As well, the game does a sort of lazy attempt to explain things to you, or fails to tell you additional helpful things. For example, when completing an armory mission, you MIGHT find loot boxes on the map which will give you mission specific parts. The tutorial neglects to tell you at the end of those types of missions any exo that survived will reward you an editional part.As well, despite pictures and the such that shows having more than one party member (I use the term loosely), you can only have one of those 'mechs' out at a time. You can freely switch from one to another (something I don't think is ever explained at all), but it uses a turn.How things play out when switching isn't exactly clear. What if you are cloaked, turn orders, being within range of an enemy when switching, etc.. it's all a bit unclear, and there is no help function in the game either. At least none that I found.In regards to enemies shooting through walls, I encountered an enemy, a boss enemy to be more specific, that states that it doesn't attack, but will shoot at whoever fires within it's range. Apparently, this goes for players who are undected, several rooms over, cloaked, etc.A modest pool of health, long range, decent attack power, and the ability to shoot you whenever you are within its range, regardless of position.. leads you to being caught in an unfair, uphill battle.Then there are some bugs that I found. Your mouse cursor and buttons sometimes don't line up, glitches that turn all your stats to zero, the ability to use in game saves to your advantage (getting a better item from a loot chest).All in all, the game has potential, but numerous issues leave me quitting the game in frustration or disappointment more than anything else.I would recommend buying this game for no more than $2 if you're still interested.The issues I have had with this game can be fixed with some updating, I'm sure. But right now, I wouldn't recommend it."
,Recommended,238910,8797477,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Alex[UA],"What's this?This is Hardcore(well,that depends on difficulty settings)Roguelike about mechs.Tactical gameplay-not much of a random factor in battles here,so you can see an outcome before it even started.But,of course,it wouldn't be a roguelike if there'd be no occasional surprises from time to time.Mostly,utilizing special abilities like stealth,immunity to splash damage,doing splash-damage shoots around the corners,luring the enemies into traps,using narrow spaces to get baddies in line before an ultra kill-shot and many more-is a key to winning here.-there's a little intermission part,where you can choose,which mission to take next-depending on a type(around 10 of them)you have different objective and rewards.-The main objective of the game is to fight off a large robot invasion with only four mechs of yours.You control one at a time,but can transform into any of your squad,using one turn.There are Assault,Siege,Ninja,Scientist,Sniper and Brawler.You can compose your team as you wish,but you can't change your mech types after starting the game.Then you'll have 50 days(50 missions)to power-up your mechs and hinder your enemies' forces(for ex. killing one of the bosses prior to final stage,or decreasing an overall number of enemies in the final battle)-Customisation-before starting the game you can choose a pilot.Each of them has an unique ability-be it discounts in the shop(between missions),using upgrade modules for your mechs more effectively,having an upgraded sensors and so on.mechs itself have a few types of weaponry,reactor,computer,and shield.You can install modules into those to upgrade mechs.Depending on the type,they have different starting specs and number of module-slots in each part.Visuals&sound-simple,but not bad.At least you won't be hurting your eyes looking at the screen.Explosions are quite flashy(and loud!-louder than other sounds,so I advise against turning sound effects too loud especially if you use headphones).Music-well,I liked it,doesn't distract you from the game and blends in well with it.Oh,and the Song playing in the main menu Rocks^^CONCLUSIONHumble game,yet good at what it does.If you like mechs,roguelikes and tactical strategies-you'll enjoy this one a lot.For only two dollars(as it is now)-well worth it,especially if content updates will be released in the future(and if to believe the developers-they will)."
,Recommended,238910,8190543,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Salvia Hardon,"Favorite game from Arcen yet. Great indie devs with a positive development philosophy - DRM free, plenty of updates, expansions that don't price-gouge you.Bionic Dues (mostly on harder levels of difficulty) demands that you make good decisions on all strategic/tactical levels from the lowest level of how you are going to clear a room of bots, to the next level of how you are going to conserve ammo in order to complete the mission, to the next level of mission selection balancing short-term and long-term goals. And finally, deciding on how to outfit your Exos to tie all of the above together. Plenty of decisions to make before you can even start the game - make a party of 4 mechs out of a selection of 6 (including duplicates), choose 1 of 6 pilots with very unique traits, and finally a wide range of difficulty settings make for an absurd amount of replayability value.My biggest nitpicks are really those that are fairly intrinsic to the rogue-like genre.1) After the nth play through, some levels can just feel tedious and long and present little original challenge to the player.2) The documenation is slightly lacking. The ingame help and tooltips are great for the basics,  and even the intermediates, but a few advanced topics get unmentioned. The lack of a well developed wiki doesn't help, either. As rogue-like players should already be plenty used to, trial and erroring some things out is to be expected."
76561198035396744,Recommended,238910,23927868,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Caffiene,"A good roguelike for people that like the whole Diablo loot thing, but a bit overwhelming in the numbers and mechanics department compared to most of the genre. It's a game I wish I could get into more, but the presentation and complication are a bit much. I'd definitely recommend it for fans of RLs and number crunching. Also, You get a party, but it's more like 4 modes than 4 members. Also I don't think it ever explains if there's 4 people, or only one dude and 4 remote controlled things, which seems to be the case...or how You get them back after a failure. That probably won't bug most people though."
,Recommended,238910,8800997,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,DarkLilly [twitch.tv/darklilly],"First off the title song to this game is amazing and deserves it's own mention but it's not the only good thing about this game. The creative roguelike atomosphere has just the right ammount of comedy to difficulty. Overall the challenge feels good except for a few combonations of bots that are straight up impossivle to kill together never really felt that a good strategy wouldn't win the day. Definately lots of painful learning in store as you work your way up to the interesting challenges, the scaling could use some tweeking but overal it works well. ~9/10~ And Remember Shopping isn't a optional activity. Shopping is a SUPERPOWER!"
,Recommended,238910,22163229,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Haventree Attack Shark,"Good:- Fast paced action with depth to explore as you progress- Some genuinely funny moments- Nicely presented, if short storyBad:- Gets a bit repetitive- Difficulty curve is a bit hit & miss, may put off first timers- Finding a winning combination can carry you through the whole gameI've enjoyed this game substantially, it plays well (on linux as it happens) and gets both tense and rewarding at times. It is however a little limited in scope and while there's a lot of challenge to be found in grinding for the achievements, once through will probably show you all it has to offer. This is not a bad thing.Good show, worth the price."
,Recommended,238910,8575023,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,CTi flauxhawk,"An excellent rogue-like. You may choose your squad of four mechs (called exos) from six specialized models, with specific weapons and capabilities. Then choose your pilot from a roster of several, each with his/her own unique ability. The turn-based gameplay is satisfying, challenging, and the exploratory element can be addictive. Finding new equipment for your exos is always fun, and seeing the difference they make brings great joy as you mercilessly pound those annoying bots. Did I mention the in-game humor is amazing? Some of the comments the enemy bots make are downright gut-busting. Get this game, you'll enjoy it."
76561198027940392,Recommended,238910,32826220,Posted: 26 June,all,sharkspeare,"Ignore the amount played listed against this account, I played this to completion on another account.This is a well balanced and thought provoking tactical game. I'm not quite as fond of it as I am of the flagship Arcen games AI Wars or The Last Federation, but it has many of the same elements - high replayability, a lot of soul and charm, simple but pleasant graphics, and a bit of a steep learning curve. It's more accessible than AIW or TLF but there will still be times when you might feel the chill grasp of analysis paralysis.For the price I would absolutely recommend this to anyone with even a passing interest in tactical RPGs and rogue-lites. You really do have to be interested in tactics though - this isn't an action game and it isn't a plot heavy RPG, nor is it a compulsive loot'em'up. In many ways it's a tactical puzzle game more than anything, though there's still plenty of robot blasting and mech flavour."
76561197971288377,Recommended,238910,31655113,Posted: 9 May,all,Maniifold,Ignore the name and give it a try if you like randomly generated roguelike turn based combat.
76561197970886956,Not Recommended,238910,17482344,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Ziggitz,"In it's current state this game needs a lot of reworking.  Enemy types are extremely random to the point of having to hover over each one in every single engagement in order to make the correct move, there's really no learning curve to it.  The hacking part of the game which is essentially lockpicking is completely random when it comes to the terminals which are largely negative effects anyway.  It's possible to come across 40+ enemies in a single mission without enough ammo to deal with them and then lose all your hacking points that would unlock additional ammo and shields and you have no control over it.When things go well it's boring and when things go bad there's often nothing you can do about it.  This game lacks the essential quality all roguelikes need which is the right balance of luck and skill opportunities to create chaos yet allow the player to affect the outcome."
,Recommended,238910,23899454,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Relenzo,"There's a lot to like in this nifty little sci-fi roguelike. The enemies are amusing, the mechanics are solid. There are multiple ways to surmout the challenges the game poses to you, and as with any good Roguelite, they're all fun to explore. Trying to find the best ways to trick out your squad of 4 mechs is downright fascinating, and ranks as maybe the only game mechanic to ever turn me into a min-maxer. It won't be anyone's favorite roguelite, but if you're into the genre and looking for something new to pick up it might intrigue you.However, Bionic Dues is marred by a couple notable flaws. First, as others have noted, is the balance. My first run of Bionic Dues, I lost after getting maybe 1/5th of the way through. Perfectly par for the course on a roguelike, I thought. I have some idea what I'm doing, so I'll put some thought into my play next time and see how far I get.The second time, I wrecked the world. Once I became competent, there wasn't a single level that could challenge me--and I didn't have the patience to grind through 20 hours of easy gameplay. Honestly, the campaign could stand to be shorter than it is.Be warned; if you're experienced with Roguelikes, you'll want to turn it up to Hard mode pretty quickly.The other big gripe for me is the music. The music isn't bad, per se; some reviewers really like it. I thought it was pretty good too the first 50 times or so. But since there's only a few tracks, you'll be hearing these songs a *lot*."
76561198009316076,Recommended,238910,10144754,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,The Matlock,"Bionic Dues is a phenomenal game worth whatever price you can get it for.Essentially, all of humanity except for you and your group of survivors have been killed by a robot army. In about a month, they will attack your home base and destroy you all. You are the last remaining pilot for the Exosuit, which is the only thing that can stand between you and the robot army, and your job is to run missions to find upgrades for your suit and to sabotage the robots themselves.The gameplay takes place on a grid and is semi-turn based. Every time you move, attack, etcetera, your turn is used up and the enemy may do something. But it runs so fluidly it almost feels real time. Your objective is different depending on what mission you choose, and that's the fun part.There is no possible way to do all missions presented in a single game, not to mention the fact that what is available is randomly generated when you start. The fun comes in choosing what missions to do; do you take on the assasination mission and kill one of the bosses early? Do you go to a weapons factory to get shiny new weapon parts for your suits? Maybe you lost a mission and your HQ is low on health, so you need to do a mission to repair it? You only have so much time so you have to choose wisely.On top of all this, there are several difficulty levels and several pilots who completely change the way the game played. With the pilot I used, it's sort of cheating because you start off with the enhanced suits (whereas normally you need to find them yourself). The other pilots have other passives that make sure no two playthroughs are similar. And of course, you have several different suits as well, but you can only choose four at the start of the game; I used the Science, Ninja, Assault, and Siege (I believe those are the names) but again, it's up to you. Actually there are achievements for completing the game with four of a single suit type, so you could try that. Honestly it's real endless the ways you could play the game.I only played through once, but it took me 10 hours. I can't wait until I have the time to go through it again. If you like how it sounds, then buy it without hesitation."
,Recommended,238910,8798388,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Bucchus,"Like most offerings from Arcen games, this one looks and sounds hideous but the gameplay is neat and unique. It's much more accessible than AI War or A Valley Without Wind, but retains similar mechanics and crazy random generation. This one is a turn-based puzzle-roguelike. You manage a team of four powersuits, go into varied dungeon-missions and gather upgrades against an approaching robotic army. You have so many different tactics to employ based on your team and equipment, the levels themselves become like puzzles where there is always a solution if you can figure out the best approach. Kind of like Desktop Dungeons. Do you want to set up a trap with mines and sentryguns and then just make noise to attract the enemies into them? Or should you just employ massive rocket launchers to purify full rooms with fire? Missions are quick and bite-sized and the world map has many of them offered at the same time, making this a game of difficult choices.There's a doomsday clock here like in most Arcen creations: You have a limited amount of missions to do before the end battle comes, you're supposed to either become more powerful by then or sabotage the enemy forces enough but the enemies grow in power too while you're on missions. If you just grind for upgrades, so does the enemy. You need to pick your desired missions from the map surgically instead of doing everything, just like in AI War.The graphics and sounds are awful and I mostly ignored the scifi theme and lore, but if you can stomach the ugliness this is quite an interesting twist on roguelikes and a good grab during sales."
,Recommended,238910,7350821,"Posted: 9 October, 2013",all,Bimble,"Amazing game. Strategy on the overmap includes original exosuit selection (pick four of six, plus one pilot of six with its own ability). You choose the loadout for each exosuit, and each day mission selection is up to you (to focus on different loot types, or to weaken the eventual enemy assault on your base). Missions vary objectives and have random maps. Enemies get more powerful over time and have their own personalities and attack types. And inside missions the turn-based combat and fragility of life forces you to be careful about everything you do.It's easy to pick up and play, but is not easy to win. Simple elements fit together really well, and it's a cheap game to boot.There's a demo on Arcen's website. Grab it, try some missions out, and then buy the game. It's fun!"
,Recommended,238910,8311089,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Metrekec,"An awesome game with really interesting ways to complete each mission, with the various exos and the many different types of enemies adding a lot of variety to the gameplay. There's also an incredible amount of loot and a whole lot of customizability for your team, and the way the team itself is handled is very unique."
76561197987872190,Recommended,238910,20812013,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,asterne,"Best Thing About It:Strategic game, equipment management, and missions all work very well together.  The choices you make in the strategic layer have a big impact on the way the game plays out.  Bionic Dues is a game that succeeeds on the sum of its parts.Worst Thing About It:The art direction.  It is an unattractive game.  The ""dungeon runs"" are hideous, and the remote controlled robots theme  doesn't do much for me.  I would have much rather seen this game themed as a Star Wars style, rebel strike team or even a G.I. Joe style special ops theme.************************************************************************************I recommend this game.  You should play in iron man mode and learn to roll with the tough decisions and consequences you face in the strategic portion of the game.  Every turn the enemy is growing stronger, but you have a lot of different ways to attack and weaken the enemy, and ways to strengthen your own forces.  The strategic part of the game is great because every choice and every event has a real and visible effect.The ""rogue like"" missions are also fun, because each game the enemy builds and deploys various robots that behave in very specific ways.  FIguring out how to exploit these robots' weaknesses while avoiding a variety of attacks is fun, and each play you face different mixes of robots--so its like a proceedurally generated combat and stealth puzzle.Each game counts down to a final confrentation, and what the enemy throws at you depends very much on what occured throughout the strategic layer of the campaign.  Enemy forces composition and ""bosses"" are randomly determined each game, so there is a lot of variety.My only complaint is appearance and theme.  I'm really not into the remote controlled mechs or the pilots or the ""grid look"" of the dungeon crawls.  Its a great game though, and I recommend you learn to live with the passable art direction and enjoy this very well designed game.  I give it a big yes."
,Recommended,238910,7370235,"Posted: 12 October, 2013",all,Reasonance,"Imagine Dawn of War II and Space Hulk becoming a quite silly rogue-like that removes all randomness from the actual combat - yes, maps and enemy selection is random, loot is random, mission selection is random, but pretty much consequence of every action is not random, all shots are on target [unless enemy abilities say otherwise], so, like in rogue-likes, you need to finish every encounter using available resources, yet damage and all effects are constant - so no need to make any offerings to Nuffle or Xom the Unpredictable for success in combat.All results are the consequences of your choices, so you can take it slow and enjoy the ride, blaming only yourself for your failures and not randomness - it only sets the pace of the game, creates unique battlegrounds and situations, but how it all resolves depends only on the player, and not the rolls of the silicon dice.You don't need to imagine that. It's here. It's Bionic Dues. It Kills Time."
,Recommended,238910,22092778,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Kunovega,"I'm finding it hard to express why this game is so good. On the one hand it's a fairly shallow story(not that it needs more) and the gameplay doesn't  have a lot of variety to the mechanics. But on the other hand what it does, it does extremely well.First of all: this is a rogue-like, make no mistake about it. Hate roguelike? This won't convert you.Your city has been taken over, no ones coming to help, it's just you, 4 exo suits, and some guy in a van down by the river (he sells you scrap that he salvages).You have 50 days before the robot army finishes off your base. Each day you have time to complete 1 mission, visit the salvage van and upgrade your exo suits. While out on a mission you can teleport (swap between) exo suits, each exo is designed with different weapon layouts and is further tweaked by your customizations each day.Where the game shines is the sheer customizability. Before you even start you choose which 4 exo suits you will use, what pilot you will control (different bonus skills) and a full range of difficulty settings.If you get frustrated failing while learning, I suggest dropping the difficulty below normal (even normal is challenging until you've fully understood all the customization and gameplay choices); and than ramping up with each new play through.There is a lot of ways to challenge yourself and tons of replay value if you want to figure out how to get through the highest difficulty levels.One of the best roguelikes I've played in years, and one of very few that make me want to keep trying again even after winning just to see if I can do better and score even higher.Also of note: the song on the main menu is almost worth the price of the game by itself, just wish there was more of it."
76561198084749828,Recommended,238910,8954312,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,CovlntBond,"If you like micromanagement, this is the game for you! Turn based strategy, strategically picking which missions you choose, strategically picking upgrades for each exo. I spend just as much time tweaking my exos as I when I am actually doing a mission. On the harder difficulties it is a constant struggle to balance destroying the robot army vs. missions that give you specific upgrades. All in all its a great game and at $10 its a great value. I am definitely going to put another 100+ hours into this game."
76561197969191562,Recommended,238910,9597060,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,-Turbu-,"Surprisingly good turn based strategy game with randomly generated missions and maps with randomized loot system. Difficulty  is pretty demanding aswell.If you are into TBS games and like mechs (who doesn't?) Bionic Dues is worth a try, especially when its on sale."
76561198083111881,Recommended,238910,26312977,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,alen.tatic1502,"Wow, this really took me by suprisre. I read the reviews of others, I mean, that's what I bought it but I did not expect such a well made and balanced roguelike. Usually they suffer from way too much randomnenss to allow for consistent use of stratey and tactics but not in this case.Really well made and quite challenging to boot.Highly recommended."
76561198074021855,Recommended,238910,7461689,"Posted: 23 October, 2013",all,zero,Long gameplay with replay.Combat is turn based and simmilar to sword of the stars the pit. It has customizable mechs but unfortantly that is mainly stat boosting loot and shop based custimizable parts. So the only way to get a new weapon seems to be in a specfic mission called bahamut that upgrades your mech and adds new weapons turning it into a epic mech.Overall it can be a fun game but very long 50 missions a game to get to final boss fight.
,Recommended,238910,8905854,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,"Pandarsenic, Rogue Memer","The best elements of AI War: Fleet Command, A Valley Without Wind, and your roguelike of choice. You manage your use of the missions available to you from the overworld, using the limited amount of time you have per campaign to balance getting loot of various types (as controlled by the mission you choose) at the time you need those items. Surprising strategic and tactical depth as far as how you manage your resources between and during missions.I wouldn't go quite so far as to call it a must-have for fans of turn-based strategy/tactics, roguelikes, etc., but it's definitely something that you should at least consider. Look up gameplay and see if it's the sort of thing for you."
76561198054670377,Recommended,238910,8949173,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,DesTroll,"*WARNING*IF YOU USE AVAST ANTI-VIRUS BE PREPARED FOR A LOT OF FRUSTRATION STARTING THE GAME!This game runs off the Unity engine, which Avast doesn't like too much.There are a couple of work arounds, but until you figure them out the game will continually CTD upon start up with an error that says ""Fatal error in CG!"".That being said, this game is flipping awesome.Great little TB Dungeon crawler.The missions are laid out on the map randomly, and you have to beat the ones closest to your base to unlock the missions further out.After 50 missions your base gets zerg-rushed by an entire army of killer robots.Based on the missions you choose to complete before the impending robocalypse, you can upgrade the crap out of you own robots with a (seemingly) endless supply of randomly generated parts and mods (the combination of stats and bonuses are created at random fo each upgrade part/mod), WEAKEN the robot army that will eventually come knocking down your door, or even carry out assassination attempts on the army's leaders.Plus there's robots. Lots and lots of ROBOTS!And they KILL! and they go BOOM!Sometimes in large chain reactions of LOTS OF BOOMS!So yeah.Great game.Pros:+Good game for a decent price.+Lots of customization options.+Randomly generated maps, levels, and loot help lead to a high level of replayability.+Decent music and sfx. (The song played at the main menu sounds like it could've been used as the theme for one of those epic war based Mecha animes like the Macross Saga or Mobile Suit Gundam. lol)+Fairly decent graphics for the genre.+Easy enougfh to learn how everything works. (Pick up and play)+Missions are generally short and easily completeable, so it might be fun to goof around with during your break at work.Cons:-Difficult to run on machines with Avast Anti-virus due to Avast calling false positives with the Unity engine.-Multi-player can lead to fighting/frustration with your friends since everyone playing shares the same 1 single action per turn. (If you move this turn, your friends can't).-After a while you'll probably get bored with all the one-liners enemy robots spout when they are destroyed.-Over time it might possibly start to seem a little repetitive as it basically boils down to upgrade, pick mission, blow stuff up, rinse, & repeat, ad infinitum."
,Recommended,238910,8773635,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,EvaUnit02,Really fun light tactical game with silly enemy robots that make poor decisions.
76561198040367630,Recommended,238910,12233455,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Wolfman,"Ok, while this was a rocky road to start, don't be fooled.  When I first picked this game up, it was confusing, and rather intimidating.  The tutorial, while helpful, was not as informative as it probably could have been.  Adjusting the difficulty of the game, you will find a wash of text information that not only doesn't make any sense, but really won't make sense till you actually get into the game, so I just recommend starting on normal so you can experience some challenge, and some life lessons that the easier difficulties will probably not provide.  Unfortunately, alot of the mechanics of the game are hidden, much the same as many Rogue-likes in the genre.Bionic Dues places humanity (in a city) on the brink of extinction.  You are the last suriving folks in a quarentined city.  You are also made fully aware in the first minute of the game, that the government is going to glass the city (bomb it to crap) to kill the out of control infected robot invasion menace (you included).  You are placed in an overworld map, and a variety of missions will spawn around you.  This layout changes with every game, so don't expect to plan your routes.You will find when you first start the game, that there are alot of mysteries as to why the game is so damn difficult.  But after you start to figure out the mechanics of the game you will make more and more progress.  The issue is, that with every mission you take on, fail or succeed, the monsters of the game level up and grow in number.  This can be frustrating, but stick with it, it gets ALOT better.Every monster in the game has a unique personality, that when properly exploited, will spell the only real way to succeed in the harder difficulties.  A mission can still be finished with lack luster gear, if the proper enemies are present, and properly manipulated.  Granted, equipment, the proper enemy spawns, and level layout, are random, so no gaurantee that the moons will align.  Be sure to save often, it is a total lifeline.Unfortunately for my gameplay experience, when I figured out how the game worked, the normal difficulty was a simple steam rolling session of success after success after success, minus a few situations that totally screwed me. The early portion of the game is most certainly difficult.  The slightest mistake can end with one if not two of your Exo's being destroyed instantly.  But later on, your Exo's can take so much damage, that it they are comparable to some of the boss monsters in the game.  Don't get me wrong, even when you get that powerful, things can still happen that can shaft you, at least that remains consistent.Bottom line though, this game will easily give you hours of entertainment.  The game is incredibly fun, surprisingly deep, and should give quite the lengthy playtime if you like challenging yourself with the levels of diffiuclty (misery being the real way to play the game)  I do recommend this.  Its got a little strategy, its got alot of random chance, and given the mechanics, it can either be easy, or challenging based on your preferences.  Definitely worth the investment of time and money."
,Recommended,238910,7821281,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Akriloth2160,"I've had a lot of experience with Roguelikes, and Bionic Dues is my latest foray into the genre, as well as in the genre-busting library of Arcen Games. And I have to be honest, this is probably the best game that Arcen has ever made.The gameplay alternates between moving around on a grid like a typical Roguelike, destroying whatever is necessary to complete the objective, and taking all the loot back to base to customise your squad of four mechas. In most games, I've rarely cared about the equipment and customization aspects of these kind of games, but the simple, bite-sized nature of this game's structure means I care about the equipment management aspect a lot more, and whenever I go into a mission with a new set of equipment, I really feel the change in power paying off. That's what an equipment system SHOULD feel like.On top of this, the game has an excellent sense of humour, not just in the item descriptions (Which is another reason why the micromanagement is so fun), but also in the defeat quotes of the enemy mechas. I won't spoil any of them here, but their brevity and variety means they never get old or stop being funny.Bionic Dues is a fantastic game. It provides an interesting shortened Roguelike approach towards its gameplay, and, as is the case with Arcen's usual mission statement, provides a presentation with a lot of personality and humour. Definitely worth picking up!"
,Recommended,238910,8812590,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,✪ shpace,That awesome soundtrack made me buy it
,Recommended,238910,25022364,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Realtek_HD,"Really good, great feel and lots of fun, try it out."
,Recommended,238910,30399878,Posted: 8 March,all,crazyguy_co,"One of the better rogue likes, with the difficulty one should expect.The bots feel unique, and by changing your load out you can force yourself to change th way you think.The enemy bots are varied enough that it doesn't become simply a game of shooting and moving, but actual prioritizing and using the varios skills (viruses, stealth, turrets, etc) in order to properly defeat some of the tougher bots.Unforgiving of mistakes, but isn't that how a rogue like should be?For those looking for an easier but enjoyable experience, you can find that too, the game does allow for saving, and ironman is only an option, not a requirement.   There are several difficulty modes, so you can learn the game before ramping it up.All in all, one of my better purchases."
,Not Recommended,238910,22031840,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Tsybal,"VERY wonky difficulty, even for a rogue like,  first mission involved everything dealing 4x damage, and my entire party is wiped out by some sort of cloaked missle bot as i retreated down a corridor from a room (having lured things one at a time, with nowhere to run and no way to fight back).played next mission, defend the cryopods, machine gunned everything to death without losing an exo and losing only 2 pods of 7 or 8 pieces of loot.not the fun kind of punishing."
76561197982928139,Recommended,238910,34989361,Posted: 15 September,all,Neos,Fun.  More fun than a lot of more expensive games.Ultimately it got a little too repetitive for me.  But I enjoyed myself enough with the time I played that I can happilly   recommend it!  (And a lot of people that like video games enjoy what I considered repetitive.)
76561197966706551,Not Recommended,238910,29099199,Posted: 7 January,all,spudthedude,I like a fair amount of indie games and I am sure this has depth if I could be bothered to give it a chance and get over the initial learning curve.I just found that early on there was so little information and I just died repeatedly without really understanding why and without it feeling interesting or fun.Obviously just me as there are plenty of recommendations otherwise but it didnt grab me within 15 mins so i gave up and expect other people who dont want that initial confusion and frustration might do the same.
,Recommended,238910,7573872,"Posted: 5 November, 2013",all,Grand Master Gore,"Bionic Dues is a great game with a neat concept that will satisfy those hardcore roguelite fans, but newcomers might feel its slight repetition begin to tire them out."
76561198060672430,Recommended,238910,16736593,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Chungo,"IF YOU WERE EVER A FAN OF POKEMON MYSTERY DUNGEON OR  RPG’S WITH TACTICAL PLANNING AND OR LOOT COLLECTING BUY THIS GAMEBionic Dues is an interesting game that has the player control a team of robots that will complete objectives as simple as killing all enemy machines, or as intricate as rescuing hostages. All units move on a grid with a turn based system in place. All units also are equipped with different weapon types that allow robots to attack at many different angles and distances.  The player may control up to 4 robots with 6 different classes to choose from.  The different classes can be upgraded with new weapons and be equipped with varying amounts of new mechanical parts; which act as armor and weapons for your team. The game begins on a map screen where the player can choose which mission type to play. The rewards and challenges are vividly described on the map screen so the player isn’t left in the dark about their objectives. There are many tools available to the player and a single situation often has varying forms of approach. Unfortunately, you will face hundreds of the same enemies while listening to their short list of (mildly) funny dialogue. Thankfully there are many different game variations that can be exercised when choosing your team. The pilot character you choose will decide the unique bonus you have access to during the campaign. These bonuses include conventional advantages like extra lives, to more situational perks like the ability to see objectives (but not the pathways that lead to them.) some of the additional challenges include a randomizer, a mode where the player is only allowed 5 seconds to make an action, and no re-spawns after missions; which are just a few. The soundtrack is extremely well made with energetic tunes that accompany pleasant animations on all the guns and machines.  If you appreciate gameplay variety or a compelling story game look onwards .If tactical decisions and plenty of difficulty modifiers sound appealing; you will find spend many hours in this game."
,Not Recommended,238910,10519517,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Egen,"If you take out all of the human precision and care that goes into crafting a well-balanced tactical game and replace it all with procedurally generated hocus-pocus, you have Bionic Dues, a shining example of how NOT to do a game like this.For the sake of this review, I'm going to pretend that there aren't people on Steam who will try to act tough and say that beating a game that generates everything completely at random is based on some sort of ""skill"" or ""good judgment"". There's the power of decision making, and then there's just plain ol' being outmatched by a robot that leveled up several times more than your randomly-generated loot chest equipment can possibly hope to combat.No, there's good decision making, and then there's numbers. Tactical games have always been about numbers. They have always been about well-crafted maps with careful enemy placement as much as they have been about intelligent team setup supported by guaranteed available items in shops (because the game knows you will need them). Bionic Dues does none of this. Bionic Dues generates all of the maps and the enemies that are placed into them with a computer algorithm. It generates which combinations of enemies will be in a map with a computer algorithm. It generateswhat level those enemies will bewith a computer algorithm. Need to outfit your team in order to survive? Too bad. Bionic Dues also generates the items availablein the shopwith a computer algorithm. Basically, EVERYTHING is generated almost entirely at random. And as much as I'd like to believe that the computer procedures used in the generation of everything in this game are as intelligent and discerning as a human being... they're not.If you like to sit at a table and roll dice over and over again until you get a certain number, this game might be for you. Yeah, sure, delude yourself into thinking that there is some kind of decision you can make that will mystically cause your severely under-equipped robot to beat a hulking level 7 DoomBot - it seems to be what ""roguelike"" fans tend to do so they can convince themselves thateverythingthey accomplished in a playthrough was totally the product of theirskill. Is this game possible? Sure. I'm just so not afraid to say it straight: this game is absurdly random. It is a total crapshoot what items I will get, meaning it's a total crapshoot how powerful I will be, and it's a total crapshoot how the enemies will level up, meaning it's a total crapshoot whether or not I will beat them. The game is a total crapshoot. But like I said, some people like sitting at a table rolling dice over and over again until they get a certain number. Some people like crap(s).P.S. Please, really don't try to say that this review is because I can't handle the game. I've beaten the game 3 times on Expert and destroyed 100 enemies in a single shot. That is so not the issue. Only somebody extremely near-sighted bases their opinions on whether or not they can beat a game. This game is not good. It is an awful representation of tactical games. The tactical game genre should be ashamed of this game, it's giving the genre a bad name."
,Recommended,238910,8786522,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,DarkMajor21,Very fun rouge RPG. Also absolutely amazing soundtrack.
76561197971535088,Not Recommended,238910,23268491,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,dustbiter,"Plot is rather silly, OMG our mech bays were bombed while your squad was out training, it's up to your squad to save the city from the bots!You can only take one action a turn, fire a weapon on selected exo, switch exo, move. You can have four exos, but they all move together and only the selected one fights. If I knew about this I wouldn't get the game.The gameplay is quite dull, your weapons deal fixed amounts of damage according to their attack power against enemy shields(hp), destroying enemy bots by reducing their shields to 0. So you are just gunning down enemies as they close on you."
76561198020886141,Recommended,238910,7393462,"Posted: 15 October, 2013",all,Billick,An addictive mix of roguelike and tactical shooter.
76561198105038590,Not Recommended,238910,22097979,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,mad5lasher,most text is glitched out causeing the game to be near unplayable so for the time being i am unable to recommend the game
76561197973669178,Recommended,238910,29091926,Posted: 7 January,all,Corpsefool,Remember that game you can't remember from when you were a kid!? THIS IS IT!
,Recommended,238910,7375619,"Posted: 13 October, 2013",all,shintsu,I don't recommend games that often. But for those that like rouge like games. This game is a buy now! It has the turn mechanics like Dungeons of Dredmor. But other than that it's a completely different game to play.
,Recommended,238910,7391024,"Posted: 14 October, 2013",all,Chandler,"An interesting game. A squad based mech rogue-like, sort of. I got pretty bored of it by the end of the game I eventually won, but I think I got my money's worth. The presentation leaves some to be desired but it was pretty decent."
76561198095876038,Recommended,238910,20619912,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,v210,Perfect mechanics.
,Not Recommended,238910,21682514,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Abyssus_j,"Like Mecha, enjoyed FTL, and  love rogue like's, however did not enjoy this at all.Seems poorly thoughout and clunky to me."
76561197999776191,Recommended,238910,29022204,Posted: 4 January,all,spoto,"This is a fun lite game with tons of replayability.  If you like FTL or Out There, you'll like this too."
76561197973011158,Recommended,238910,7390089,"Posted: 14 October, 2013",all,Chiasm,"Old school tactical turn based combat that will wreck you for the slightest misstep, but rewards clever use of abilities, the environment and even the enemies themselves. Procedurally generated levels, enemies and loot. Oh god, the loot.Worth checking out if you enjoy roguelikes. It will kick your♥♥♥♥♥ and you will like it."
76561197988994736,Recommended,238910,13443788,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,thejoche,Great TBS game. Punishingly hard  in some parts.  Hate the idea of a time limit on the grander game scheme (I always have). A good time can be had with this game. 7/10
,Recommended,238910,12024310,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Lynolix,"If you like DoomRL, Brogue and other 'arcade roguelikes/roguelites', you'll probably like Bionic Dues."
76561198125254167,Recommended,238910,13018175,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,lummisam,"Kill things, collect loot, upgrade, repeat.  The gameplay is repetitive and nothing too special.  That being said, it's not a bad game, but not a great one either."
76561197960833702,Recommended,238910,13157532,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,dana scully's pantsuits,"i didn't think i would like this game as much as i do but after giving it 20 minutes to get a handle on how to play, i'm in love. it's scratching my roguelike itch when a lot of other games just fall short for me. can't reccomend it enough if you like perma death and thoughtful ""dungeon"" crawling."
76561198078339075,Recommended,238910,13143380,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,thomas.tempe,"If you're not scared off by tags like ""indy"" and ""old-school"", then this game may be for you.This game is not beautiful, it's not polished, it's not exquisite, but somehow, I just keep going back to it. The mechanics that arise from a superposition of silly robot behaviors just introduce enough predictability that each time you die, it's your fault.Bionic Dues is one of those cell-based turn-by-turn game, where you spend hours choosing the best equipment for your mechs, and counting tiles and damage points and ammo. The quest for Epic Exos and the countdown to a huge final battle just make it more enticing.This title is not for everyone. But if you're a roguelike fan, you're in for a treat."
76561198019389560,Recommended,238910,13289027,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Avatar,"Simple, charming.  Been meaning to finish."
76561198055490050,Recommended,238910,8176116,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,gespenstguo,"An highly original, old-school style strategic game. These guys are really experimenting a lot, and each one of their games is interesting and refreshing. Think of AI War."
,Recommended,238910,13356884,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,butter blaster,"excellent value for the $1.00 I paid for it. my playthrough bug free and well optimized. You have to problem solve/puzzle your way through the tactical situations, not yolo/leroy jenkins it. I exploited save games until I got the hang of the game and a good start, this game belongs in the ""losing is fun"" school."
76561198080833647,Recommended,238910,30044470,Posted: 19 February,all,Durgine,"Was I entertained and feel I got some good entertainment out of my money ... yes.Did it make it into my play again list... no.Fun turned base game, memorable after playing it a while back."
76561198320452402,Recommended,238910,28487656,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,allino,interesting experience
76561198069342753,Recommended,238910,23290535,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,odin8480,An addicting little strategy game.......a very good time killer....I liked it alot
76561198186812151,Recommended,238910,29640142,Posted: 1 February,all,clarkeveritas,"This game is quite a neat gem of a strategy game.  I picked this up due to me liking one of their other games, AI War- Fleet Command.... that one was cool as it was an asymmetrical warfare 4x-kind-of game... but it was a bit of a beast to figure out all the do's and don't and whatnot.  Bionic Dues is certainly easier to pick-up-and-go.... basically you are the resistance fighting the evil robot empire in a megatropolis-type place.  You pick 4 Mechs out of a decent selection of different types, each with different buffs, weapons, etc.  You then pick a pilot which gives you a set of various advantages.... then you fight your way through the city in grid/tile turn-based strategy combat goodness.  You pick what areas of the city to attack when and based on where you attack there are different results for winning.  Attacking a shield-manufacturing plant would likely yield better shields.... an engine-factory: engines.  Etc.  Or you can attack the enemy's mech-building capabilities or any other number of options.  There is even an option to attack special facilities that give MASSIVE upgrades to your mechs, essentially turning them into an entirely different, and better class.Loot and equipment plays a major part of the game..... through spending earned cash or finding via mission rewards you have the ability to DRASTICALLY alter each of your mechs.  A non-combat type mech could potentially be given certain upgrades to make one of it's weapons shoot at such long range that they wouldn't receive enemy fire.... or a rocket launcher's blast radius could be expanded to where you could wipe out entire rooms.  There is LOTS of room for customization and it's really one of the super-neat parts of the game.  The different starting mechs are wildly different and each one can be VERY useful when used the right way.  This certainly qualifies as a ""Thinking"" game.... it's not testing your fast-twitch muscles or how fast you can click- you pick 4 tools and then continue modifying them as needed until you feel strong enough to bring on the final battle or you run out of time and are FORCED into the final battle.  The intro song is pretty neat, too."
76561197969056506,Recommended,238910,16524193,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Piro,"I was very pleased with this purchase. For starters the learning curve is somewhat steep, but there is plenty of information if you are will to take a second to read. Very strategy oriented and this game really puts you in a situation where unless you play smart, you CANNOT win.I spent the first hour of the game getting frustrated and then I took a few minutes to read what each thing meant and it changed the whole game for me. The comments from the robots is quite amusing too."
76561198030937547,Recommended,238910,17371772,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Dire Wolf,"Rogue meets Mechwarrior meets Torchlight!Bionic Dues is an indie rogue like game where you pilot a bunch of mech style robots called exos through various missions all culminating in a final showdown at your base with a horde of evil robots. The story goes the robots all went nuts and invaded the city, and the only exos that survived the initial attack were yours at the training grounds. Now it's up to you and you alone to stop the bad bots, pretty basic general stuff.Starting a game you first pick your exo loadout. You have a group of four selected from six varieties plus you select your pilot. During missions you only pilot one exo at a time but you can switch between them at will, a lot like Darkspore. (Side note: This game feels exactly like FTL mixed with Darkspore to me, it's so similar I almost think the devs played both, but since no one else probably played Darkspore I'll end the comparisons there). The six types are a Brawler, short range fighter bot with a shotgun, Assault, jack of all trades bot with grenades and lasers and stronger shields, Sniper, long ranged shooter bot, Ninja, a stealthy bot who uses traps, Siege, a long range aoe powerhouse, and Science, a computer specialist but weak otherwise. You can have duplicates as well like all Assault bots but I don't know why you would. The different pilots also have their own unique abilities like better access to loot in the store or better sensors in missions.Once you choose your bots you see the city map. It looks a lot like an FTL map with various missions spread out like leaves on a tree. You can see the mission types available to you and one ring further so you can plan out your moves. Want to access that weapons facility and get some upgraded weapon parts? You might have to fight through a roadblock mission to get there. So there is some randomness there, that's one of the most roguelike features.Once in a mission you have particular objectives but they're all pretty similar like blow up this reactor and exit or simply exit the mission without dying. Combat is done turn based but you can move and take turns as quickly as you want using arrow keys so it almost feels realtime, though you can stop at any time to plan your moves. Combat is as simple or as complex as you make it. On easier difficulties you can simply walk up to most robots and blast them. On harder ones you might have to lay down mines and lure them to their death or lure them into the open to snipe them. The missions are procedurally generated so there's some variety there. There's also loot containers in each mission and when you finish a mission you get even more loot depending on how many exos survived the mission.The gear is what makes this game so cool but is also a bit of a curse. You can equip the loot drops between missions. There is tons of loot and they all fit different parts of your exo with varied effect. For example one part might fit your weapon and give +50% attack power, or it might give extra range. Another part might fit your shields for a bonus but also give your entire exo +weapon attack power. Different parts also play off each other, like a reactor part produces power and a computer part gives a boost to power generation. Power also acts as a budget to equipping parts. A few choice parts produce power, everything else uses it. You cannot deploy with a negative balance. So balancing your exo can be a bit tricky. To complicate things further there's also hacking points (for opening locked doors in missions), stealth points (a number of actions you can perform while invisible), overload rating (self destruct your reactor slightly damaging you, major damage to enemies), regen rating and more. It can get sticky. On lesser difficulties it's not a big deal. I got so tired of searching for the best setup between missions on easy I'd do 4-5 in a row before checking my gear setup. But on hard this is not possible. You have to equip the best upgrades every mission.Also the game is quite long. It takes 50 missions to reach the final battle. Between equipping items and doing mission that could be well over 10 hours for one playthrough. And you can save at any time and reload. So if you're a perfectionist beware, this game can be a major timesink. But the ease of saving also lends itself to a nice casual game. You can jump on, do one mission in 10 minutes and jump off.That covers the basics, it really is an astoundingly deep game, but some things do get grindy and repetitive, as is the case with any dungeon crawler style game in my opinion. But in general I found this game addictive and tons of fun.Graphics: 6/10. This game goes for a retro look but doesn't pull it off nearly as well as FTL. There's also a distinct anime flavor which isn't bad, but in general you can tell this is a mediocre graphic attempt.Music: 6/10. Some tracks are good, others really annoying. Obviously this is personal preference, others have raved about the music.Gameplay: 8/10. Really deep tactically. Can get repetitive and tiresome.Value: 10/10. There's tons to do in this game, tons of achievments, tons of replay value to try different bot/pilot combos. And the base price is only $10, I got it for $2.50 on sale and have over 10 hours already.Overall: 75/100I would like to rate this game higher, I really would, cus the things it's good at it is really good at, but there's simply too much grind on hard difficulties to rate this an excellent title. Sadly if you don't spend tons of time min/maxing your exos between missions on hard you won't be successful. I'd rather be strategically fighting than fixing my exo loadout myself. Overall it's just quite good and a super value, nothing wrong with that for a cool indie game."
,Recommended,238910,17542411,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,THE KRAKEN,"I feel a bit “on the fence” about this one. Bionic Dues is a rogue-like, top down strategy game from Arcen Games, LLC. Let’s get rocking.The GoodIn terms of mastering controls, Bionic Dues is a cinch. There’s no real tutorial for you to play through, but there are tooltips that put up and let you know what’s going on.There are A TON of items to customize your mechs with. Seriously, though. Every mission you play you’ll find loot, get awarded with loot (and credits), then head back to the map to visit the store and buy more items with the credits you earned. The amount of content here is staggering.The weapons are all quite fun to use. Each one can be applied to have the best results in certain situations. You need to take someone out at long range? Bust out that gamma rifle. You need to waste an entire room of bad guys in one turn or you face certain death? It’s the plasma rifle for you, my friend. (Though, that doesn’t guarantee that you too won’t be caught in the AoE.)The BadI wasn’t wholly impressed with inventory system. Yes, it’s good to have an obscene amount of content, but you need to implement proper organizational options for it. Your loot starts piling up and, equipping four mechs or not, you will get absolutely drowned in items because the inventory filters are, frankly, garbage. To me, this overwhelming of the player in the customization screen really takes some fun from the game.The MehYou get four mechs, but you can only use one at a time. Lame.You can’t change what weapons your mechs are outfitted with, only what is equipped on said weapons.The way the game plays could have been better if it had run on a more traditional turn-based system, I think.Verdict: YeaWhen all is said and done, Bionic Dues is a pretty fun game with quite a bit of replay value. If it goes on sale, I’d snag it for sure."
,Recommended,238910,12850729,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Grisbill,"Great game, nice challenge, awsome music. It really worth his price."
,Not Recommended,238910,25293757,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Fex,"Boring, bad UI/UX, ends in a second by opening a door. Just no. There are so many better roguelikes around there, this certainly isn't worth the effort.Trial by death is worst kind of game design."
76561198003585036,Recommended,238910,15568467,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Sphinx,Really well made rogue-like.
,Recommended,238910,9537222,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,estyles31,Aweome turn-based tactical mech fighting.
76561198002124849,Recommended,238910,16346553,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Fou-Lu,"Mecha-inspired 4x roguelite tactics madness. Do buy. Also, awesome soundtrack."
,Recommended,238910,7499757,"Posted: 27 October, 2013",all,VeTaL,Wow! JRPG with mechs = lots of fun
,Recommended,238910,12754120,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Steelwind,"Excellent tactical strategy game and pretty much everything is randomized (loot, ""world map"", mission maps, etc) which makes it VERY replayable."
,Recommended,238910,18087339,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,fri_freeman,"I'll be honest, I bought this at first mainly because of the cheesy anime-ish song.Doesn't regret it though."
,Recommended,238910,9514534,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,pango,"I wonder how Arcen make any money, they discount their games so hard, so fast.Anyway it's a great game, buy it."
,Recommended,238910,12795716,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Dangerous Beans,"Got it for $2. That's about what it's worth. Not bad, just not really my cup of tea. It's at least a legit roguelike - tile map with 1:1 move/turn, etc - not some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ fracking wannabe from another genre. The A/V is decent quality, but it's simply failed to cast off the sort of ""made in mom's basement"" feeling that most real roguelikes have. For instance, the enemy robots shout out ""humorous"" phrases when shot, but there's obviously a limited number of them, and after the billionth time hearing them you want to tear your eyes out and use them to plug your ears.Anyway, if you actually know what Rogue is, and like real roguelikes, then you'll probably like this. Personally I don't care for it, but I've seen a lot of roguelikes in my time and this is a good one, so I'll upvote."
,Recommended,238910,12872095,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Juice Box,"Awesome music. Buying it for the music alone is totally worh it! But then as you put more hours into it and you start geting some better gear, you will find yourself cusomizing your exos more than you actually play a mission. A worth while buy for rouge-like games. Endless fun. Endless corny bot voices. DUMBOT I CHOOSE YOU!"
,Recommended,238910,11243090,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,CarlCX,due to lack of public funding the robolibrary closed prematurely and now i'll always have Bionic Dues
,Not Recommended,238910,9613671,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Ayds,"A bland game, with shallow combat and constant repetition."
,Not Recommended,238910,30004081,Posted: 18 February,all,MC Gandalfo,"Some good ideas, but too rough and unpolished overall. Besides, the turn-based mechanics are lame."
,Recommended,238910,12824954,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Asmor,Crazy roguelike mashup of Trine and Diablo.
76561197994601982,Recommended,238910,12808617,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,tyrell,very good game
76561198011322415,Recommended,238910,12491549,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,krugger,Very entertaining turn-base RPG and the soundtrack is awesome.
76561198061750921,Not Recommended,238910,29432742,Posted: 22 January,all,DeadMan_Playing,yuk.
,Not Recommended,238910,8870307,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Efaias,"Wow, I really see what they tried to do with this game, but I'm sad to say its pretty terrible.£1.75 I genuinely wish I still had"
76561198026628070,Not Recommended,238910,31777564,Posted: 15 May,all,Bakuretsa,Game so good I didnt deserve it so I refunded it .
,Recommended,238910,10281473,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,llamaboy,"Terrible voices, but terribly fun. Another campy, but very thoughtful game from Arcen.Part Space Hulk, part Chaos Overlords. If you are familiar with either of those, this is worth trying out. Or if you just want to play one of those really exensive, overly-complicated boardgames without all of the setup and not requiring friends.Note that the usual Arcen substance-over-production-values is here in full effect, so if you can only play games that require the fans on your graphics card to spin up, this isn't going to be for you."
76561198034277666,Recommended,238910,7351083,"Posted: 10 October, 2013",all,zharmad,"Good light-hearted fun! Well polished in the given timeframe. Demo is also available on Arcen, so play through that if you need soime hands-on.Devs very attentive as usual, and post alert threads quickly on Acren forums, w.r.t. potential crash issues such as having Avast Antivirus."
76561198039515085,Recommended,238910,8226885,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Caseycc,"This is actually a pretty fun turn based strategy game. It has some nice background music aswell. You play with 4 bots that you switch between. One might be sniper specialty, another might be a hacker to get through that locked door for loot. One downside is that you can't change bot weapons. However, each has 3 slots where you can put upgrades into them. All the loot you get is in the form of upgrades which you throw into the various slots on each bot in order to augment their abilities."
76561197998925088,Recommended,238910,9782223,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Auspice,"A cute game and fun. Rewards thinking ahead and strategy, and there are many different ways to play through the game. Each character is interesting and useful and all the different tools like mines, autoturrets and viruses let you play the game in really unorthodox ways.The art sucks. It's an Arcen game.Definitely worth it on a sale price."
,Recommended,238910,8993023,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Lina,FUN! I enjoy random LOOTS ! JUST SAVE AND LOAD ! YOU WILL GET SURPRISED I PROMISE.LOL
76561198022859266,Recommended,238910,18479678,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,RCG,You only actually have one robot at a time! Other then that it's exactly as described explosions are stupid fun.
76561198066022068,Recommended,238910,14137774,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,BOBTHEBUILDER,A challenging and entertaining roguelike featuring a team of mechs. Game features a healthy variety of missions and a host of upgrades. Has a bit of a learning curve like all roguelikes but is worth the time due to the highly enjoyable gameplay.Could use some balancing with characters and enemy abilities. Also the boss fight feels a bit lacking and in the late game constantly applying new upgrades can get a bit tiresome. Overall addicting and worth trying out.
,Recommended,238910,15479399,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Fira,"A very good Sci-Fi Roguelike, Bionic Dues sadly has some serious oversights that make the game pretty difficult to play. It's still very good, and convinced me to buy The Last Federation from the same developper.Pros:- Good RPG aspect with items & equipement- Time management in a sense through the attack countdown- A fair share of Exos (classes) selection- Epic Exos add a little twist- Game modifiers- A little touch of humorCons:- Splash Damage can get ridiculous and purely unbalance the game, i gave up my first playthrough when i got Epic Siege, 11 splash radius on Plasma Gun with 3 Ammo- Mistakes are always very costly, it's way too easy to get caught in explosions or one-hit, i wouldn't even try ""Dead-is-Dead"" mode- Similarily, it's way too easy to kill enemies as you progress throughout the gameAll in all, it's a really good game, albeit suffering from some balancing issues."
76561197976622640,Recommended,238910,15667711,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Zhaine,"Arcen being Arcen, which is mostly a good thing."
,Recommended,238910,14414980,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Chromaryu,"I reallly like rouge-like game such as old-like Nethack. So, I bought this game. It looks so awesome for me"
76561197999449788,Recommended,238910,15895178,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Count_Flakula,"A competent turn-based tactical game from Arcen Games.  In Bionic Dues you control a squad of four 'exos' (remotely piloted mechs) one at a time to stop the advancing robot menace.  The game features random loot, as popularized by Diablo, an overall strategy screen, and the tactical map where all the robot stomping happens.  You have 50 days (turns) to prosecute a campaign against the tide of robots trying to eradicate humanity.  Each day you choose an available mission for your exos from those shown on teh city map.  After 50 days the remaining mass of robots arrive on your doorstep, and you have to KILL THEM ALL!For the most part the robots themselves, and the AI controlling them, are pretty dumb.  The 'bots try to crush your puny human resistance through sheer numbers, rather than any sort of awesome tactical genius.  On a similar note, though, there isn't much randomness to the combat itself.  You never feel cheated because your stupid exo managed to miss several shots in a row, or because you didn't realize that 'bot could shoot you.  All the info you need to make good decisions is right there on the screen.Audio and music are competent.  Everything sounds pew-pew and rata-tata as you'd expect.  The music isn't the sort of thing I'd listen to in the car, but I enjoy it enough to listen to it as I play.Graphics are clear enough that you can understand what's going on, but not spectacular.  It's 2D, top-down, tactical game, so a step up from pixel graphics, but you can't really admire the robot models, because there aren't any.The game isn't quite the same tactical depth of FTL, but your exos have a lot of options available to them.  Equipping them with loot is almost its own mini-game, and you will see a LOT of loot over the course of the game.  The biggest complaint I had of my first game was that the 'bots were a pushover.  I felt like I was moshing 'bots with impunity after only 20 turns or so, and by turn 40 I just wanted it to be over because I was so thoroughly dominating them.  That first game took 17 hrs to finish.  There are a decent amount of options for replayability, with six different commanders and exo types (each game you have a single commander, and up to four different exos).I enjoy turn-based tactics games like this, so it was worth the ten bucks I spent.  Definitely worth it if you can get it on sale."
,Recommended,238910,15965117,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,#800020,"Takes a few failed missions to get the gist of the game, but once you do, you'll find it's a pretty amazing turn based tactics game. I only wish the hotkeys were more accessible."
,Recommended,238910,14300942,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Rhetorn[SK],"The game brings a lot of options just from the start, so 1st ten minutes was like: ""What is this? and this? WTF, is this? ... "". After that it began to be pretty clear. The game if funny and good tactical turn based strategy."
,Recommended,238910,7401123,"Posted: 16 October, 2013",all,Just Read The Instructions,"It feels like one of those games you'd find in a 90's department store with a giant robot on the front cover of the massive cardboard box. And I mean that as a good thing. It's old-school but still pretty innovative, and you really have to use every tool available to you to take on the overwhelming odds. Stuff like using a sentry turret so a BlunderBot fires a rocket, in the hopes it goes the wrong way and takes out its buddies without risking it aiming at you instead. That kind of thing."
,Recommended,238910,7346738,"Posted: 9 October, 2013",all,thrAsher,"Brutally addictive turn-based strategy from ARCEN. Some of the best turn based strategy games I've played have all had that 'one more turn' appeal. Bionic Dues nails that feeling and nails it right, with random level and world generation, punitive death mechanics, a ticking time bomb scenario, and a one unit/four faces squad mechanic. Featuring all the quirk that ARCEN can muster in the art department, and a loot and gear scheme that would make any RPG proud, Bionic Dues is old school, addictive, and one of the better strategy titles I have played in a long time."
,Recommended,238910,8885348,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,lesslucid,"A funny mix of ingredients making for a rather good game, overall. You take a group of four ""mechs"" into various battlegrounds and kill robots. It seems to be trying to create the kinds of ""tactical puzzles"" which are one of the draws of the difficult moments in roguelike games. The customization is pretty fiddly and unsatisfying, but the combat itself is engaging and provides lots of opportunities to experiment with a wide range of available strategies. The graphics are rather characterless and in some ways the theme feels a bit thin. Also, there's a comic voiceover, which seems like a rather weird fit. Still, if you like roguelikes, turn-based tactical combat, and mechs, this is a good time."
76561197970191411,Recommended,238910,7733401,"Posted: 24 November, 2013",all,martin,Definitely my favourite Arcen game. For once they almost held their love of unnecessary complexity in check and created something really interesting. It has both tactical and strategic challenges and an awful lot of replayability.
,Recommended,238910,9052030,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,TheUnKnOwN,Just started really playing...been alt tabbed helping a friend with some online purchases...I can recommend it for the music alone....lolits a mech turnbased roguelike thats been pretty fun so far....definitely worth it.
76561198065780574,Recommended,238910,9277948,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,fulungulo,"Although lacking a wider selection of robots for multiple playthroughs, Bionic Dues definitely belongs to the best of this almost extinct genre. For me, the only downsides to this game was a feeling that the enemy is a bit ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ (with all the malfunctioning weapon etc.) and aforementioned lack of robots to play with. Apart from that, soundtrack on its own is worth what they ask for the game, making it almost a theft and a no-brainer for all everyone fond of turn-based strategy games."
,Recommended,238910,8814195,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,1917,"Challenging, unique, spontaneous, fun, fantastically-written."
76561198043093839,Recommended,238910,8815959,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Hand of All Rats,This is my current rogue-like obsession.
76561198063114711,Recommended,238910,8828844,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,ericbomb988878,Great game! Really fun and in depth.
,Recommended,238910,8799230,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,MrRobotto,"I have played it once. On the easiest mode. But still, I can telll you: you need this in your life."
,Recommended,238910,12238635,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Novibear,So many ways to start the game funny robots blowing each other up and stuff always bring the towel pilot he is a cool guy!I never successfully beat a whole campaign from start to finish because i walk into a roo unprepared for bots with rockets ready to suicide bomb me and themselves.All in all you should pick thisup its like a tactical mech random dungeon crawler each dungeon or mission has it's own objective depending on what youchose to do to prepar e your self for the robot onslaught that your trying to prepare for.
76561198035018438,Recommended,238910,9710901,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,PeaceMeal,"This as the blurb is a rogue-like game. Pretty cool, mistakes are often fatal, with a steep learning curve. Haven't made it to the end yet but have throughly enjoyed it thus far. You need to like robots... and you need to like er 'killing' them. Humourous in my opinion too, a number of times i've been reading equipment flavour text and fallen off my chair with amusement, any game i would quote text from i think is pretty awesome. Anyways throughly recommended if you don't mind simple graphics and turn based action, and tweaking your layouts (oh so much tweaking). I give it 7 camels of awesomeness!"
,Recommended,238910,9920667,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,kesarrr,На удивление интересная помесь FTL и классических rouge-like-игр
,Recommended,238910,25701236,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,The Decoy,It is a little quirky but a good game.
76561198000138634,Recommended,238910,25988758,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Eskaton,One of the best and most accessible Roguelikes around.
,Recommended,238910,27137196,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Arcee,"A lot of cool concepts, but the game really bogs down with the pile-of-stats mech-optimization puzzles.  There's a neat game buried in here and it might be best played by tuning the difficulty such that you can ignore that part.  Still, worth the price of admission for the opening theme alone."
,Recommended,238910,26381279,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,gg unit,"1 Hour In:Some questionable design choices! Half of the levels available to you at start have an essentialy RNG chance of totally whooping your♥♥♥♥♥ Losing the first level does not feel great!Big positives though tons of customization, interesting gear, choices with consequence!"
,Recommended,238910,24936419,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Cowan5,Fun game.  Addictive and rewarding gameplay.  A good rogue-like but the RNG isn't a constant game-killer like other rogue-likes.
76561198122046183,Recommended,238910,12941500,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,UnicornSaxophone,I love this game. I sometimes just open it to listen to the music on the title screen. I would love to see the soundtrack on steam. Just to listen to the great music all day.
76561197982880552,Recommended,238910,18900485,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,drjoms,"Great time waster.To rotate your bots, use arrow buttons. You will ask, why rotate bots? So you can set up centries without moving!Graphics sucks, but game is good not because of graphics."
76561198018474955,Recommended,238910,31736028,Posted: 13 May,all,Grayson,"Indie game where you customize robots for different roles and undertake randomized missions with some interesting objectives. Overall metagame of having to save a city, with up to 50 missions to undertake (player choice) before a final fight. Completed one mission and a bit (which took maybe an hour, including ramp-up time), so the pace is fairly slow. Really like the concept, but the high danger posed by the enemies means the turn-based I-go-you-go gameplay is mostly about avoiding damage, which is not really what I'm in the mood for atm.Seems solid, and I'll keep it installed for a day I'm looking for some hard-fun gameplay."
